MODERATOR So we're going to begin with opening statements, and we had a flip of the coin, and the brief opening statement first from Senator Obama.

WINNER Thank you very much, Charlie and George, and thanks to all in the audience and who are out there.

You know, Senator Clinton and I have been running for 15 months now. We've been traveling across Pennsylvania for at least the last five weeks. And everywhere I go, what I've been struck by is the core decency and generosity of people of Pennsylvania and the American people.

But what I've also been struck by is the frustration. You know, I met a gentleman in Latrobe who had lost his job and was trying to figure out how he could find the gas money to travel to find a job. And that story, I think, is typical of what we're seeing all across the country. People are frustrated not only with jobs moving and incomes being flat, health care being too expensive, but also that special interests have come to dominate Washington, and they don't feel like they're being listened to.

I think this election offers us an opportunity to change that, to transform that frustration into something more hopeful, to bring about real change. And I'm running for president to ensure that the American people are heard in the White House. That's my commitment, if the people of Pennsylvania vote for me and the people of America vote for me.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, we meet tonight here in Philadelphia where our founders determined that the promise of America would be available for future generations if we were willing and able to make it happen.

You know, I am here, as is Senator Obama. Neither of us were included in those original documents. But in a very real sense, we demonstrate that that promise of America is alive and well. But it is at risk.

There is a lot of concern across Pennsylvania and America. People do feel as though their government is not solving problems, that it is not standing up for them, that we've got to do more to actually provide the good jobs that will support families, deal once and for all with health care for every American, make our education system the true passport to opportunity, restore our standing in the world.

I am running for president because I know we can meet the challenges of today, that we can continue to fulfill that promise that was offered to successive generations of Americans starting here so long ago.

And I hope that this evening, voters in Pennsylvania and others across the country will listen carefully to what we have to say, will look at our records, will look at the plans we have.

And I offer those on my website, hillaryclinton.com, for more detail. Because I believe with all my heart that we the people can have the kind of future that our children and grandchildren so richly deserve.

MODERATOR Thank you both.

And with that as preamble, we will take a very short commercial break. And we will come back and begin 90 minutes of debate. The Pennsylvania Democratic Debate continues after just one minute.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We'll begin each of the segments of this debate with short quotes from the Constitution that are apropos to what we're going to talk about. And it is good to be back here at the National Constitution Center.

So let's start. And I'm going to give a general question, before we get to the issues, to both of you on politics.

There have already been many votes in many states, and you have each, as you analyze the vote, appealed disproportionately to different constituencies in the party, and that dismays many in the party. Governor Cuomo, an elder statesman in your party, has come forward with a suggestion. He has said, look, fight it to the end.

Let every vote be counted. You contest every delegate. Go at each other to the -- right till the end. Don't give an inch to one another. But pledge now that whichever one of you wins this contest, you'll take the other as your running mate, and that the other will agree if they lose, to take second place on the ticket.

So I put the question to both of you Why not?

(Pause, laughter.)

Don't all speak at once. (Laughter.)

WINNER Well, I'm happy to start with a response. Look, this has been an extraordinary journey that both Senator Clinton and I have been on and a number of other able candidates. And I think very highly of Senator Clinton's record. But as I've said before, I think it's premature at this point for us to talk about who vice presidential candidates will be because we're still trying to determine who the nominee will be.

But one thing I'm absolutely certain of is that come August, when we're in Denver, the Democratic Party will come together, because we have no choice if we want to deliver on the promises that not only we've made but the founders made. We are seeing peoples' economic status slipping further and further behind. We've seen people who have not only lost their jobs but now are at risk of losing their homes.

We have a sharp contrast in terms of economic policies. John McCain wants to continue four more years of George Bush policies and, on the foreign policy front, wants to continue George Bush's foreign policy.

So I'm confident that both Senator Clinton's supporters and Senator Obama's supporters will be supporting the Democratic nominee when we start engaging in that general election.

MODERATOR But Senator Clinton, Governor Cuomo made that suggestion because he's not so sure. And other Democrats are not so sure.

Just to quote from the Constitution again, "In every case," Article Two, Section One, "after the choice of the president, the person having the greatest number of votes of the electors shall be the vice president."

If it was good enough in colonial times, why not in these times.

LOSER Well, Charlie, I'm going to do everything I possibly can to make sure that one of us takes the oath of office next January. I think that has to be the overriding goal, whatever we have to do.

Obviously we are still contesting to determine who will be the nominee. But once that is resolved, I think it is absolutely imperative that our entire party close ranks, that we become unified.

I will do everything to make sure that the people who supported me support our nominee.

I will go anywhere in the country to make the case. And I know that Barack feels the same way, because both of us have spent 15 months traveling our country. I have seen the damage of the Bush years. I've seen the extraordinary pain that people have suffered from because of the failed policies; you know, those who have held my hands who have lost sons or daughters in Iraq, and those who have lost sons or daughters because they didn't have health insurance.

And so, regardless of the differences there may be between us, and they are differences, they pale in comparison to the differences between us and Senator McCain.

So we will certainly do whatever is necessary to make sure that a Democrat is in the White House next January.

MODERATOR All right. I will let this go. I don't think Governor Cuomo has any takers yet.

Let me start with a question to you, Senator Obama.

WINNER Yes.

MODERATOR Talking to a closed-door fundraiser in San Francisco 10 days ago, you got talking in California about small-town Pennsylvanians who have had tough economic times in recent years. And you said they get bitter, and they cling to guns or they cling to their religion or they cling to antipathy toward people who are not like them.

Now, you've said you misspoke; you said you mangled what it was you wanted to say. But we've talked to a lot of voters. Do you understand that some people in this state find that patronizing and think that you said actually what you meant?

WINNER Well, I think there's no doubt that I can see how people were offended. It's not the first time that I've made, you know, a statement that was mangled up. It's not going to be the last.

But let me be very clear about what I meant, because it's something that I've said in public, it's something that I've said in television, which is that people are going through very difficult times right now and we are seeing it all across the country. And that was true even before the current economic hardships that are stemming from the housing crisis. This is the first economic expansion that we just completed in which ordinary people's incomes actually went down, when adjusted for inflation, at the same time as their costs of everything from health care to gas at the pump have skyrocketed.

And so the point I was making was that when people feel like Washington's not listening to them, when they're promised year after year, decade after decade, that their economic situation is going to change, and it doesn't, then politically they end up focusing on those things that are constant, like religion.

They end up feeling "This is a place where I can find some refugee. This is something that I can count on." They end up being much more concerned about votes around things like guns, where traditions have been passed on from generation to generation. And those are incredibly important to them.

And yes, what is also true is that wedge issues, hot-button issues, end up taking prominence in our -- in our politics. And part of the problem is that when those issues are exploited, we never get to solve the issues that people really have to get some relief on, whether it's health care or education or jobs.

So this i something that I've said before. It is something that I will repeat again. And yes, people are frustrated and angry about it, but what we're seeing in this election is the opportunity to break through that frustration. And that's what our campaign has been about, saying that if the American people get involved and engaged, then we are going to start seeing change. And that's what makes this election unique.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I am the granddaughter of a factory worker from Scranton who went to work in the Scranton lace mills when he was 11 years old, worked his entire life there, mostly six-day weeks.

He was also very active in the Court Street Methodist Church. And he raised three sons and was very proud that he sent all of them to college.

I don't believe that my grandfather or my father, or the many people whom I have had the privilege of knowing and meeting across Pennsylvania over many years, cling to religion when Washington is not listening to them. I think that is a fundamental, sort of, misunderstanding of the role of religion and faith in times that are good and times that are bad.

And I similarly don't think that people cling to their traditions, like hunting and guns, either when they are frustrated with the government. I just don't believe that's how people live their lives.

Now, that doesn't mean that people are not frustrated with the government. We have every reason to be frustrated, particularly with this administration.

But I can see why people would be taken aback and offended by the remarks. And I think what's important is that we all listen to one another and we respect one another and we understand the different decisions that people make in life, because we're a stronger country because of that.

And certainly the weeks that I have spent criss-crossing Pennsylvania, from Erie to Lancaster County, and meeting a lot of wonderful people, says to me that despite whatever frustration anyone has with our government, people are resilient, they are positive, and they're ready for leadership again that will summon them to something greater than themselves, and that we will deliver on that if given a chance.

MODERATOR We're going to have some other questions on the same theme, so you'll be able to get back that.

MODERATOR Let me pick up on this. When these comments from Senator Obama broke on Friday, Senator McCain's campaign immediately said that it was going to be a killer issue in November.

Senator Clinton, when Bill Richardson called you to say he was endorsing Barack Obama, you told him that Senator Obama can't win. I'm not going to ask you about that conversation. I know you don't want to talk about it. But a simple yes-or-no question Do you think Senator Obama can beat John McCain or not?

LOSER Well, I think we have to beat John McCain, and I have every reason to believe we're going to have a Democratic president and it's going to be either Barack or me. And we're going to make that happen.

And what is important is that we understand exactly the challenges facing us in order to defeat Senator McCain.

He will be a formidable candidate. There isn't any doubt about that. He has a great American story to tell. He's a man who has served our country with distinction over many years, but he has the wrong ideas about America. And those ideas will be tested in the cauldron of this campaign.

But I also know, having now gone through 16 years of being on the receiving end of what the Republican Party dishes out, how important it is that we try to go after every single vote everywhere we possibly can to get to those electoral votes that we're going to need to have the next president elected.

MODERATOR But the question is, do you think Senator Obama can do that? Can he win?

LOSER Yes. Yes. Yes.

Now, I think that I can do a better job. (Laughter.) I mean, obviously, that's why I'm here. I think I am better able and better prepared in large measure because of what I've been through and the work that I've done and the results that I've produced for people and the coalition that I have put together in this campaign, that Charlie referred to earlier.

Obviously, I believe I would be the best president, or I would not still be here, standing on this stage, and I believe I'm the better and stronger candidate against Senator McCain, to go toe to toe with him on national security and on how we turn the economy around.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, do yo think Senator Clinton can win?

WINNER Absolutely, and I've said so before. But I too think that I'm the better candidate. (Laughter.) And I don't think that surprises anybody.

Let me just pick up on a couple of things that Senator Clinton said, though, because during the course of the last few days, you know, she's said I'm elitist, out of touch, condescending. Let me be absolutely clear. It would be pretty hard for me to be condescending towards people of faith, since I'm a person of faith and have done more than most other campaigns in reaching out specifically to people of faith, and have written about how Democrats make an error when they don't show up and speak directly to people's faith, because I think we can get those votes, and I have in the past.

The same is true with respect to gun owners. I have large numbers of sportsmen and gun owners in my home state, and they have supported me precisely because I have listened to them, and I know them well.

So the problem that we have in our politics, which is fairly typical, is that you take one person's statement, if it's not properly phrased, and you just beat it to death. And that's what Senator Clinton's been doing over the last four days. And I understand that.

That's politics, and I expect to have to go through this -- this process.

But I do think it's important to recognize that it's not helping that person who's sitting at the kitchen table who is trying to figure out how to pay the bills at the end of the month.

And Senator Clinton's right. She has gone through this. You know, I recall when back in 1992, when she made a statement about how, what do you expect, should I be at home baking cookies?

And people attacked her for being elitist and this and that. And I remember watching that on TV and saying, well, that's not who she is; that's not what she believes; that's not what she meant. And I'm sure that that's how she felt as well.

But the problem is that that's the kind of politics that we've been accustomed to. And I think Senator Clinton learned the wrong lesson from it, because she's adopting the same tactics.

What the American people want are not distractions. They want to figure out, how are we actually going to deliver on health care; how are we going to deliver better jobs for people; how are we going to improve their incomes; how are we going to send them to college?

That's what we have to focus on. And yes, they are in part frustrated and angry, because this is what passes for our politics in terms -- instead of figuring out, how do we build coalitions to actually move things forward?

LOSER Well, could I --

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, before I move on, do you want to do a brief response?

LOSER Oh, I do.

Well, first of all, I want to be very clear. My comments were about your remarks.

And I think that's important, because it wasn't just me responding to them, it was people who heard them, people who felt as though they were aimed at their values, their quality of life, the decisions that they have made.

Now, obviously, what we have to do as Democrats is make sure we get enough votes to win in November. And as George just said, you know, the Republicans, who are pretty shrewd about what it takes to win, certainly did jump on the comments.

But what's important here is what we each stand for and what our records are and what we have done over the course of our lives to try to improve the circumstances of those who deserve to live up to their own potential, to make the decisions that are right for them and their families. And I think year after year for now 35 years, I have a proven record of results.

And what I'm taking into this campaign is my passion for empowering people, for giving people the feeling that they can make a better future for themselves. And I think it's important that that starts from a base of respect and connection in order to be able to get people to follow you and believe that you will lead them in the better direction.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, since you last debated, you made a significant speech in this building on the subject of race and your former pastor, the Reverend Jeremiah Wright. And you said subsequent to giving that speech that you never heard him say from the pulpit the kinds of things that so have offended people.

But more than a year ago, you rescinded the invitation to him to attend the event when you announced your candidacy. He was to give the invocation. And according to the reverend, I'm quoting him, you said to him, "You can get kind of rough in sermons. So what we've decided is that it's best for you not to be out there in public." I'm quoting the reverend. But what did you know about his statements that caused you to rescind that invitation?

WINNER Well --

MODERATOR And if you knew he got rough in sermons, why did it take you more than a year to publicly disassociate yourself from his remarks?

WINNER Well, understand that I hadn't seen the remarks that ended up playing on youTube repeatedly. This was a set of remarks that had been quoted in Rolling Stone Magazine and we looked at them and I thought that they would be a distraction since he had just put them forward.

But, Charlie, I've discussed this extensively. Reverend Wright is somebody who made controversial statements but they were not of the sort that we saw that offended so many Americans. And that's why I specifically said that these comments were objectionable; they're not comments that I believe in.

And I disassociated myself with them.

What I also said was, the church and the body of Reverend Wright's work, over the course of 30 years, were not represented in those snippets that were shown on television, and that the church has done outstanding work in ministries on HIV/AIDS, prison ministries, providing people with the kind of comfort that we expect in our churches.

And so what I think I tried to do in the speech here at the Constitution Center was speak to a broader context, which is that there is anger in the African American community that sometimes gets expressed, whether in the barbershop or in the church.

That's true not just in the African American community. That's true in other communities as well. But what we have the opportunity to do is to move beyond it. And that's what I think my candidacy represents.

And Senator Clinton mentioned earlier that we have to connect with people. That's exactly what we've done throughout this campaign.

The reason we've attracted new people into the process, the reason we've generated so much excitement, the reason that we have been so successful in so many states across the country, bridging racial lines, bridging some of the old divisions, is because people recognize that unless we do, then we're not going to be able to deliver on the promises that people hear every 4 years, every 8 years, every 12 years.

And it's my job in this campaign to try to move beyond some of those divisions, because when we are unified, there is nothing that we cannot tackle.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, let me -- I'm sorry, go ahead. Senator Clinton, let me follow up, and let me add to that. You have said that he would not have been my pastor, and you said that you have to speak out against those kinds of remarks, and implicitly by getting up and moving, and I presume you mean out of the church.

There are 8,000 members of Senator Obama's church. And we have heard the inflammatory remarks of Reverend Wright, but so too have we heard testament to many great things that he did. Do you honestly believe that 8,000 people should have gotten up and walked out of that church?

LOSER I was asked a personal question, Charlie, and I gave a personal answer. Obviously, one's choice of church and pastor is rooted in what one believes is what you're seeking in church and what kind of, you know, fellowship you find in church. But I have to say that, you know, for Pastor Wright to have given his first sermon after 9/11 and to have blamed the United States for the attack, which happened in my city of New York, would have been intolerable for me. And therefore I would have not been able to stay in the church, and maybe it's, you know, just, again, a personal reflection that regardless of whatever good is going on -- and I have no reason to doubt that a lot of good things were happening in that church -- you get to choose your pastor. You don't choose your family, but you get to choose your pastor. And when asked a direct question, I said I would not have stayed in the church.

WINNER Well, let me just respond to -- to two things. Absolutely many of these remarks were objectionable. I've already said that I didn't hear them, because I wasn't in church that day. I didn't learn about those statements until much later.

But --

MODERATOR But you did rescind the invitation to him --

WINNER But that was on -- that was on something entirely different, Charlie. That -- that was on a different statement. And I think that what Senator Clinton referred to was extremely offensive, to me and a lot of people.

But what I should also point out is that Senator Clinton's former pastor, I think, publicly talked about how Reverend Wright was being caricatured and that in fact this is somebody who had maintained an extraordinary ministry for many years.

And so there are two important points Number one, I wasn't aware of all these statements, and I can understand how people would take offense; but number two, the church is a community that extends beyond the pastor and that church has done outstanding work for many, many years.

The third point I guess I would make is once again that unless we can bridge some of these divides we're not going to solve problems in this country. And what my entire body of work over the last 20 years has been devoted to is getting blacks, whites, Hispanics, Asians, Native Americans, young, old to work together, starting when I was a community organizer. And my own life embodies that diversity. That's what America's about and that's what this campaign has been about.

MODERATOR Senator, two questions. Number one, do you think Reverend Wright loves America as much as you do? And number two, if you get the nomination, what will you do when those sermons are played on television again and again and again?

WINNER You know, George, look, if it's not this, then it would be something else. I promise you, if Senator Clinton got the nomination, there will be a whole bunch of video clips about other things. In a general election, we know that there are going to be all kinds of attacks launched and leveled. There have been quite a few leveled in this primary campaign.

And I have confidence in the American people that when you talk to the American people honestly and directly about what I believe in, what my plans are on health care, on energy, when they see my track record of the work that I've done on behalf of people who really need help, I have absolute confidence that they can rally behind my campaign.

And, you know, the notion that somehow that the American people are going to be distracted once again by comments not made by me but by somebody who is associated with me, that I have disowned, I think doesn't give the American people enough credit.

MODERATOR You've disowned him?

WINNER The comments, comments that I've disowned. Then that is not something that I think --

MODERATOR But you do believe he's as patriotic as you are?

WINNER This is somebody who's a former Marine. And so I have -- I believe that he loves this country, but I also believe that he's somebody who, because of the experiences he's had over the course of a lifetime, is also angry about the injustices that he's seen.

MODERATOR I'm getting a little out of balance here. Do you want to take a few seconds, or do you want to go to the next question?

LOSER Well, I think, in addition to the questions about Reverend Wright and what he said and when he said it, and for whatever reason he might have said these things, there were so many different variations on the explanations that we heard. And it is something that I think deserves further exploration, because clearly what we've got to figure out is how we're going to bring people together in a way that overcomes the anger, overcomes the divisiveness and whatever bitterness there may be out there.

It is clear that, as leaders, we have a choice who we associate with and who we apparently give some kind of seal of approval to. And I think that it wasn't only the specific remarks, but some of the relationships with Reverend Farrakhan, with giving the church bulletin over to the leader of Hamas to put a message in. You know, these are problems, and they raise questions in people's minds.

And so this is a legitimate area, as everything is when we run for office, for people to be exploring and trying to find answers.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, we also did a poll today, and there are also questions about you raised in this poll. About six in 10 voters that we talked to say they don't believe you're honest and trustworthy. And we also asked a lot of Pennsylvania voters for questions they had. A lot of them raised this honesty issue and your comments about being under sniper fire in Bosnia.

Here's Tom Rooney from Pittsburgh.

Q Senator, I was in your court until a couple of weeks ago. How do you reconcile the campaign of credibility that you have when you've made those comments about what happened getting off the plane in Bosnia, which totally misrepresented what really happened on that day? You really lost my vote. And what can you tell me to get that vote back?

LOSER Well, Tom, I can tell you that I may be a lot of things, but I'm not dumb. And I wrote about going to Bosnia in my book in 2004. I laid it all out there. And you're right. On a couple of occasions in the last weeks I just said some things that weren't in keeping with what I knew to be the case and what I had written about in my book. And, you know, I'm embarrassed by it. I have apologized for it. I've said it was a mistake. And it is, I hope, something that you can look over, because clearly I am proud that I went to Bosnia. It was a war zone.

General Wesley Clark is here in the audience with me as one of my major supporters. He and I were talking about it before I came out. You know, our soldiers were there to try to police and keep the peace in a very dangerous area. They were totally in battle gear. There were concerns about the potential dangers. The former president of Bosnia has said that he was worried about the safety of the situation.

So I know that it is something that some people have said, "Wait a minute. What happened here?" But I have talked about this and written about it. And then, unfortunately, on a few occasions I was not as accurate as I have been in the past.

But I know too that, you know, being able to rely on my experience of having gone to Bosnia, gone to more than 80 countries, having represented the United States in so many different settings gives me a tremendous advantage going into this campaign, particularly against Senator McCain.

So I will either try to get more sleep, Tom, or, you know, have somebody who, you know, is there as a reminder to me. You know, you can go back for the past 15 months. We both have said things that, you know, turned out not to be accurate. You know, that happens when you're talking as much as we have talked.

But you know, I'm very sorry that I said it. And I have said that, you know, it just didn't jibe with what I had written about and knew to be the truth.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, your campaign has sent out a cascade of e-mails, just about every day, questioning Senator Clinton's credibility. And you yourself have said she hasn't been fully truthful about what she would do as president.

Do you believe that Senator Clinton has been fully truthful about her past?

WINNER Well, look, I think that Senator Clinton has a strong record to run on. She wouldn't be here if she didn't. And you know, I haven't commented on the issue of Bosnia. You know, I --

MODERATOR Your campaign has.

WINNER Of course, but --

LOSER (Laughs.)

WINNER Because we're asked about it.

But look, the fact of the matter is, is that both of us are working as hard as we can to make sure that we're delivering a message to the American people about what we would do as president.

Sometimes that message is going to be imperfectly delivered, because we are recorded every minute of every day. And I think Senator Clinton deserves, you know, the right to make some errors once in a while. I'm -- obviously, I make some as well.

I think what's important is to make sure that we don't get so obsessed with gaffes that we lose sight of the fact that this is a defining moment in our history. We are going to be tackling some of the biggest issues that any president has dealt with in the last 40 years. Our economy is teetering not just on the edge of recession, but potentially worse. Our foreign policy is in a shambles. We are involved in two wars. People's incomes have not gone up, and their costs have. And we're seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s.

In those circumstances, for us to be obsessed with this -- these kinds of errors I think is a mistake. And that's not what our campaign has been about.

What our campaign has been about is offering some specific solutions to how we move these issues forward and identifying the need to change the culture in Washington, which we haven't talked at all about, but that has blocked real reform decade after decade after decade. That, I think, is the job of the next president of the United States.

That's what I intend to do. That's why I'm running.

MODERATOR And Senator Obama, I want to do one more question, which goes to the basic issue of electability. And it is a question raised by a voter in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, a woman by the name of Nash McCabe. Take a look.

NASH MCCABE (Latrobe, Pennsylvania) (From videotape.) Senator Obama, I have a question, and I want to know if you believe in the American flag. I am not questioning your patriotism, but all our servicemen, policemen and EMS wear the flag. I want to know why you don't.

MODERATOR Just to add to that, I noticed you put one on yesterday. But -- you've talked about this before, but it comes up again and again when we talk to voters. And as you may know, it is all over the Internet. And it's something of a theme that Senators Clinton and McCain's advisers agree could give you a major vulnerability if you're the candidate in November. How do you convince Democrats that this would not be a vulnerability?

WINNER Well, look, I revere the American flag, and I would not be running for president if I did not revere this country. This is -- I would not be standing here if it wasn't for this country.

And I've said this -- again, there's no other country in which my story is even possible; somebody who was born to a teenage mom, raised by a single mother and grandparents from small towns in Kansas, you know, who was able to get an education and rise to the point where I can run for the highest office in the land. I could not help but love this country for all that it's given me.

And so what I've tried to do is to show my patriotism by how I treat veterans when I'm working in the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee; by making sure that I'm speaking forcefully about how we need to bring this war in Iraq to a close, because I think it is not serving our national security well and it's not serving our military families and our troops well; talking about how we need to restore a sense of economic fairness to this country because that's what this country has always been about, is providing upward mobility and ladders to opportunity for all Americans. That's what I love about this country. And so I will continue to fight for those issues.

And I am absolutely confident that during the general election that when I'm in a debate with John McCain, people are not going to be questioning my patriotism, they are going to be questioning how can you make people's lives a little bit better.

And let me just make one last point on this issue of the flag pin. As you noted, I wore one yesterday when a veteran handed it to me, who himself was disabled and works on behalf of disabled veterans. I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins. This is the kind of manufactured issue that our politics has become obsessed with and, once again, distracts us from what should be my job when I'm commander in chief, which is going to be figuring out how we get our troops out of Iraq and how we actually make our economy better for the American people.

MODERATOR Senator, if you get the nomination, you'll have to -- (applause) -- (inaudible).

I want to give Senator Clinton a chance to respond, but first a follow-up on this issue, the general theme of patriotism in your relationships. A gentleman named William Ayers, he was part of the Weather Underground in the 1970s. They bombed the Pentagon, the Capitol and other buildings. He's never apologized for that. And in fact, on 9/11 he was quoted in The New York Times saying, "I don't regret setting bombs; I feel we didn't do enough."

An early organizing meeting for your state senate campaign was held at his house, and your campaign has said you are friendly. Can you explain that relationship for the voters, and explain to Democrats why it won't be a problem?

WINNER George, but this is an example of what I'm talking about.

This is a guy who lives in my neighborhood, who's a professor of English in Chicago, who I know and who I have not received some official endorsement from. He's not somebody who I exchange ideas from on a regular basis.

And the notion that somehow as a consequence of me knowing somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago when I was 8 years old, somehow reflects on me and my values, doesn't make much sense, George.

The fact is, is that I'm also friendly with Tom Coburn, one of the most conservative Republicans in the United States Senate, who during his campaign once said that it might be appropriate to apply the death penalty to those who carried out abortions.

Do I need to apologize for Mr. Coburn's statements? Because I certainly don't agree with those either.

So this kind of game, in which anybody who I know, regardless of how flimsy the relationship is, is somehow -- somehow their ideas could be attributed to me -- I think the American people are smarter than that. They're not going to suggest somehow that that is reflective of my views, because it obviously isn't.

LOSER Well, I think that is a fair general statement, but I also believe that Senator Obama served on a board with Mr. Ayers for a period of time, the Woods Foundation, which was a paid directorship position.

And if I'm not mistaken, that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11 and after his reported comments, which were deeply hurtful to people in New York, and I would hope to every American, because they were published on 9/11 and he said that he was just sorry they hadn't done more. And what they did was set bombs and in some instances people died. So it is -- you know, I think it is, again, an issue that people will be asking about. And I have no doubt -- I know Senator Obama's a good man and I respect him greatly but I think that this is an issue that certainly the Republicans will be raising.

And it goes to this larger set of concerns about, you know, how we are going to run against John McCain. You know, I wish the Republicans would apologize for the disaster of the Bush-Cheney years and not run anybody, just say that it's time for the Democrats to go back into the White House. (Laughter, applause.)

Unfortunately, they don't seem to be willing to do that. So we know that they're going to be out there, full force. And you know, I've been in this arena for a long time. I have a lot of baggage, and everybody has rummaged through it for years. (Laughter.) And so therefore, I have, you know, an opportunity to come to this campaign with a very strong conviction and feeling that I will be able to withstand whatever the Republican sends our way.

WINNER I'm going to have to respond to this just really quickly, but by Senator Clinton's own vetting standards, I don't think she would make it, since President Clinton pardoned or commuted the sentences of two members of the Weather Underground, which I think is a slightly more significant act than me --

AUDIENCE MEMBER (Applauds.)

MODERATOR Please.

WINNER -- than me serving on a board with somebody for actions that he did 40 years ago.

Look, there is no doubt that the Republicans will attack either of us. What I've been able to display during the course of this primary is that I can take a punch. I've taken some pretty good ones from Senator Clinton. And I don't begrudge her that. That's part of what the political contest is about.

I am looking forward to having a debate with John McCain, and I think every poll indicates that I am doing just as well, if not better, in pulling together the coalition that will defeat John McCain.

And when it comes to November, and people are going into the polling place, they're going to be asking, are we going to go through four more years of George Bush economic policies; are we going to go through four more years of George Bush foreign policy?

And if we as Democrats and if I as the nominee have put forward a clear vision for how we're going to move the country forward, deal with issues like energy dependence, lower gas prices, provide health care, get our troops out of Iraq, that is a debate that I'm happy to have and a debate that I'm confident I can win.

MODERATOR And Senator Clinton, I'm getting out of balance in terms of time.

LOSER I've noticed. (Laughs.)

MODERATOR And you're getting shortchanged here. And so if you want to reply here, fine. If you want to wait, we'll do it in the next half hour.

LOSER We can wait.

MODERATOR All right.

We will take a commercial break. We will come back. And the Democratic debate, from the city of Philadelphia before the Pennsylvania primary, will continue. Stay with us. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Another quote from the Constitution, apropos because we are here, as you heard just a moment ago, at the Constitution Center.

Senator Clinton, a question for you. We talked about the military applications from the Constitution and this is a question that involves the war in Iraq. It comes from Mandy Garber of Pittsburgh. Take a look.

MANDY GARBER (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) So, the real question is, I mean, do the candidates have a real plan to get us out of Iraq or is it just real campaign propaganda? And you know, it's really unclear. They keep saying we want to bring the troops back, but considering what's happening on the ground, how is that going to happen?

MODERATOR Let me just add a little bit to that question, because your communications director in your campaign, Howard Wolfson on a conference call recently was asked, "Is Senator Clinton going to stick to her announced plan of bringing one or two brigades out of Iraq every month whatever the realities on the ground?" And Wolfson said, "I'm giving you a one-word answer so we can be clear about it, the answer is yes."

So if the military commanders in Iraq came to you on day one and said this kind of withdrawal would destabilize Iraq, it would set back all of the gains that we have made, no matter what, you're going to order those troops to come home?

LOSER Yes, I am, Charlie. And here's why You know, thankfully we have a system in our country of civilian control of the military. And our professional military are the best in the world. They give their best advice and then they execute the policies of the president. I have watched this president as he has continued to change the rationale and move the goalposts when it comes to Iraq.

And I am convinced that it is in America's best interest, it is in the best interest of our military, and I even believe it is in the best interest of Iraq, that upon taking office, I will ask the secretary of Defense and the Joint Chiefs of Staff and my security advisers to immediately put together for me a plan so that I can begin to withdraw within 60 days. I will make it very clear that we will do so in a responsible and careful manner, because obviously, withdrawing troops and equipment is dangerous.

I will also make it clear to the Iraqis that they no longer have a blank check from the president of the United States, because I believe that it will be only through our commitment to withdraw that the Iraqis will begin to do what they have failed to do for all of these years.

I will also begin an intensive diplomatic effort, both within the region and internationally, to begin to try to get other countries to understand the stakes that we all face when it comes to the future of Iraq.

But I have been convinced and very clear that I will begin to withdraw troops within 60 days. And we've had other instances in our history where some military commanders have been very publicly opposed to what a president was proposing to do.

But I think it's important that this decision be made, and I intend to make it.

MODERATOR But Senator Clinton, aren't you saying -- I mean, General Petraeus was in Washington. You both were there when he testified, saying that the gains in Iraq are fragile and are reversible. Are you essentially saying, "I know better than the military commanders here"?

LOSER No, what I'm saying, Charlie, is that no one can predict what will happen. There are many different scenarios. But one thing I am sure of is that our staying in Iraq, our continuing to lose our men and women in uniform, having many injured, the Iraqi casualties that we are seeing as well, is -- is no way for us to maintain a strong position in the world.

It's not only about Iraq. It is about ending the war in Iraq, so that we can begin paying attention to all of the other problems we have. There isn't any doubt that Afghanistan has been neglected. It has not gotten the resources that it needs. We hear that from our military commanders responsible for that region of the world. And there are other problems that we have failed to address.

So the bottom line for me is, we don't know what will happen as we withdraw. We do know what will happen if we stay mired in Iraq. The Iraqi government will not accept responsibility for its own future.

Our military will continue to be stretched thin, and our soldiers will be on their second, third, even their fourth deployment. And we will not be able to reassert our leadership and our moral authority in the world.

And I think those are the kind of broad issues that a president has to take into account.

MODERATOR And Senator Obama, your campaign manager, David Plouffe, said, when he is -- this is talking about you -- when he is elected president, we will be out of Iraq in 16 months at the most; there should be no confusion about that.

So you'd give the same rock-hard pledge, that no matter what the military commanders said, you would give the order Bring them home.

WINNER Because the commander in chief sets the mission, Charlie. That's not the role of the generals. And one of the things that's been interesting about the president's approach lately has been to say, well, I'm just taking cues from General Petraeus.

Well, the president sets the mission. The general and our troops carry out that mission. And unfortunately we have had a bad mission, set by our civilian leadership, which our military has performed brilliantly. But it is time for us to set a strategy that is going to make the American people safer.

Now, I will always listen to our commanders on the ground with respect to tactics. Once I've given them a new mission, that we are going to proceed deliberately in an orderly fashion out of Iraq and we are going to have our combat troops out, we will not have permanent bases there, once I've provided that mission, if they come to me and want to adjust tactics, then I will certainly take their recommendations into consideration; but ultimately the buck stops with me as the commander in chief.

And what I have to look at is not just the situation in Iraq, but the fact that we continue to see al Qaeda getting stronger in Afghanistan and in Pakistan, we continue to see anti-American sentiment fanned all cross the Middle East, we are overstretched in a way -- we do not have a strategic reserve at this point. If there was another crisis that was taking place, we would not have a brigade that we could send to deal with that crisis that isn't already scheduled to be deployed in Iraq. That is not sustainable. That's not smart national security policy, and it's going to change when I'm president.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, let's stay in the region. Iran continues to pursue a nuclear option. Those weapons, if they got them, would probably pose the greatest threat to Israel. During the Cold War, it was the United States policy to extend deterrence to our NATO allies. An attack on Great Britain would be treated as if it were an attack on the United States.

WINNER Well, our first step should be to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of the Iranians, and that has to be one of our top priorities. And I will make it one of our top priorities when I'm president of the United States.

I have said I will do whatever is required to prevent the Iranians from obtaining nuclear weapons. I believe that that includes direct talks with the Iranians where we are laying out very clearly for them, here are the issues that we find unacceptable, not only development of nuclear weapons but also funding terrorist organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah, as well as their anti-Israel rhetoric and threats towards Israel. I believe that we can offer them carrots and sticks, but we've got to directly engage and make absolutely clear to them what our posture is.

Now, my belief is that they should also know that I will take no options off the table when it comes to preventing them from using nuclear weapons or obtaining nuclear weapons, and that would include any threats directed at Israel or any of our allies in the region.

MODERATOR So you would extend our deterrent to Israel?

WINNER As I've said before, I think it is very important that Iran understands that an attack on Israel is an attack on our strongest ally in the region, one that we -- one whose security we consider paramount, and that -- that would be an act of aggression that we -- that I would -- that I would consider an attack that is unacceptable, and the United States would take appropriate action.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you?

LOSER Well, in fact, George, I think that we should be looking to create an umbrella of deterrence that goes much further than just Israel. Of course I would make it clear to the Iranians that an attack on Israel would incur massive retaliation from the United States, but I would do the same with other countries in the region.

You know, we are at a very dangerous point with Iran. The Bush policy has failed. Iran has not been deterred. They continue to try to not only obtain the fissile material for nuclear weapons but they are intent upon and using their efforts to intimidate the region and to have their way when it comes to the support of terrorism in Lebanon and elsewhere.

And I think that this is an opportunity, with skillful diplomacy, for the United States to go to the region and enlist the region in a security agreement vis-a-vis Iran. It would give us three tools we don't now have.

Number one, we've got to begin diplomatic engagement with Iran, and we want the region and the world to understand how serious we are about it. And I would begin those discussions at a low level. I certainly would not meet with Ahmadinejad, because even again today he made light of 9/11 and said he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died. He's not someone who would have an opportunity to meet with me in the White House. But I would have a diplomatic process that would engage him.

And secondly, we've got to deter other countries from feeling that they have to acquire nuclear weapons. You can't go to the Saudis or the Kuwaitis or UAE and others who have a legitimate concern about Iran and say Well, don't acquire these weapons to defend yourself unless you're also willing to say we will provide a deterrent backup and we will let the Iranians know that. Yes, an attack on Israel would trigger massive retaliation, but so would an attack on those countries that are willing to go under this security umbrella and forswear their own nuclear ambitions.

And finally we cannot permit Iran to become a nuclear weapons power. And this administration has failed in our efforts to convince the rest of the world that that is a danger, not only to us and not just to Israel but to the region and beyond.

Therefore we have got to have this process that reaches out, beyond even who we would put under the security umbrella, to get the rest of the world on our side to try to impose the kind of sanctions and diplomatic efforts that might prevent this from occurring.

MODERATOR Let me turn to the economy. That is the number one issue on Americans' minds right now.

Yesterday, Senator McCain singled that the number one issue, in the general election campaign on the economy, is going to be taxes. And he says that both of you are going to raise taxes, not just on the wealthy but on everyone. Here's what he said in his speech yesterday.

JOHN MCCAIN (R-AZ) (Pre-recorded remarks.) All these tax increases are under the fine print of the slogan hope. They're going to raise your taxes by thousands of dollars a year. And they have the audacity to hope you don't mind.

(Laughter.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, two-part question.

Two-part question Can you make an absolute, read-my-lips pledge that there will be no tax increases of any kind for anyone earning under $200,000 a year?

And if the economy is as weak a year from now as it is today, will you -- will you persist in your plans to roll back President Bush's tax cuts for wealthier Americans?

LOSER Well, George, I have made a commitment that I will let the taxes on people making more than $250,000 a year go back to the rates that they were paying in the 1990s.

MODERATOR Even if the economy is weak?

LOSER Yes. And here's why Number one, I do not believe that it will detrimentally affect the economy by doing that. As I recall, you know, we used that tool during the 1990s to very good effect and I think we can do so again.

I am absolutely committed to not raising a single tax on middle class Americans, people making less than $250,000 a year. In fact, I have a very specific plan of $100 billion in tax cuts that would go to help people afford health care, security retirement plans, you know, make it possible for people to get long-term care insurance and care for their parents and grandparents who they are trying to support, making college affordable and so much else.

Well, if you look at how we'd have to sequence that, we might not be able to do all of that at once. But if you go to my website, HillaryClinton.com, it is laid out there how I will pay for everything, because everything I have proposed, I have put in how I would pay for it.

MODERATOR An absolute commitment, no middle-class tax increases of any kind.

LOSER No, that's right. That is my commitment.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

MODERATOR Would you take the same pledge?

WINNER Well, I not only have pledged not to raise their taxes, I've been the first candidate in this race to specifically say I would cut their taxes.

And one of the centerpieces of my economic plan would be to say that we are going to offset the payroll tax, the most regressive of our taxes, so that families who are earning -- who are middle-income individuals making $75,000 a year or less, that they would get a tax break so that families would see up to a thousand dollars worth of relief.

Senior citizens who have earnings of less than $50,000 wouldn't have to pay income tax on their Social Security. And middle-class homeowners who currently don't itemize on their tax filings, they would be able to get a deduction the same way that wealthy individuals do.

Now, here's the reason why that's important. We have seen wages and incomes flat or declining at a time when costs have gone up. And one of the things that we've learned from George Bush's economic policies, which John McCain now wants to follow, is that pain trickles up. And so, partly because people have been strapped and have had a tough time making ends meet, we're now seeing a deteriorating housing market.

That's also as a consequence of the lack of oversight and regulation of these banks and financial institutions that gave loans that they shouldn't have. And part of it has to do with the fact that you had $185 million by mortgage lenders spent on lobbyists and special interests who were writing these laws.

So the rules in Washington -- the tax code has been written on behalf of the well connected. Our trade laws have -- same thing has happened. And part of how we're going to be able to deliver on middle-class tax relief is to change how business is done in Washington. And that's been a central focus of our campaign.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you both have now just taken this pledge on people under $250,000 and 200-and-what, 250,000.

WINNER Well, it depends on how you calculate it. But it would be between 200 and 250,000.

MODERATOR All right.

You have however said you would favor an increase in the capital gains tax. As a matter of fact, you said on CNBC, and I quote, "I certainly would not go above what existed under Bill Clinton, which was 28 percent."

It's now 15 percent. That's almost a doubling if you went to 28 percent. But actually Bill Clinton in 1997 signed legislation that dropped the capital gains tax to 20 percent.

WINNER Right.

MODERATOR And George Bush has taken it down to 15 percent.

WINNER Right.

MODERATOR And in each instance, when the rate dropped, revenues from the tax increased. The government took in more money. And in the 1980s, when the tax was increased to 28 percent, the revenues went down. So why raise it at all, especially given the fact that 100 million people in this country own stock and would be affected?

WINNER Well, Charlie, what I've said is that I would look at raising the capital gains tax for purposes of fairness. We saw an article today which showed that the top 50 hedge fund managers made $29 billion last year -- $29 billion for 50 individuals. And part of what has happened is that those who are able to work the stock market and amass huge fortunes on capital gains are paying a lower tax rate than their secretaries. That's not fair.

And what I want is not oppressive taxation. I want businesses to thrive and I want people to be rewarded for their success. But what I also want to make sure is that our tax system is fair and that we are able to finance health care for Americans who currently don't have it and that we're able to invest in our infrastructure and invest in our schools.

And you can't do that for free, and you can't take out a credit card from the Bank of China in the name of our children and our grandchildren and then say that you're cutting taxes, which is essentially what John McCain has been talking about. And that is irresponsible.

You know, I believe in the principle that you pay as you go, and you don't propose tax cuts unless you are closing other tax breaks for individuals. And you don't increase spending unless you're eliminating some spending or you're finding some new revenue. That's how we got an additional $4 trillion worth of debt under George Bush. That is helping to undermine our economy, and it's going to change when I'm president of the United States.

MODERATOR But history shows that when you drop the capital gains tax, the revenues go up.

WINNER Well, that might happen or it might not. It depends on what's happening on Wall Street and how business is going. I think the biggest problem that we've got on Wall Street right now is the fact that we've got a housing crisis that this president has not been attentive to and that it took John McCain three tries before he got it right.

And if we can stabilize that market and we can get credit flowing again, then I think we'll see stocks do well, and once again I think we can generate the revenue that we need to run this government and hopefully to pay down some of this debt.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, let me start by saying that I think we know that we've got to get back to an economy that works for everyone. The president has been very good for people who are doing well, and that's great. But it was better for our country when we had an economy that lifted everyone up at the same time, and we had that during the 1990s; you know, 22.7 million new jobs, more people lifted out of poverty than any time in our recent history. A typical family saw a $7,000 increase in income.

And we have lost that. You know, now the typical family has lost at least $1,000. And the fact is that, you know, I don't want to take one more penny of tax money from anybody. But what I want to do is make some smart investments. And I was the first to come out with a strategic energy fund, where we need to be investing in clean renewable energy. And I think we could put 5 million Americans to work.

I think we have to invest in our infrastructure. That also will get the economy moving again, and I believe we could put about 3 million people to work in good union jobs where people get a good wage with a good set of benefits that can support a middle-class family with a rising standard of living.

I want to see us actually tackle the housing crisis, something I've been talking about for over a year. If I had been president a year ago, I believe we would have begun to avoid some of the worst of the mortgage and credit crisis, because we would have started much earlier than we have -- in fact, I don't think we've really done very much at all yet -- in dealing with a way of freezing home foreclosures, of freezing interest rates, getting money into communities to be able to withstand the problems that are caused by foreclosures.

Governor Rendell has done a great job in Pennsylvania. He saw this coming. And unlike our current president, who either didn't know it or didn't care about it, he has really held the line, and Pennsylvania has been much less affected by home foreclosures. But the president hasn't done that, and what I have proposed would do that.

So you've got to look at the entire economy. And from my perspective, yes, taxes is a piece of it. But you've got to figure out what is it we would invest in that would make us richer and safer and stronger tomorrow, which would (be ?) helping everybody.

MODERATOR I'm going to go to a commercial break. But I just want to come back to one thing you said, and I want to be clear. The question was about capital gains tax. Would you say, "No, I'm not going to raise capital gains taxes"?

LOSER I wouldn't raise it above the 20 percent if I raised it at all. I would not raise it above what it was during the Clinton administration.

MODERATOR "If I raised it at all." Would you propose an increase in the capital gains tax?

LOSER You know, Charlie, I'm going to have to look and see what the revenue situation is. You know, we now have the largest budget deficit we've ever had, $311 billion. We went from a $5.6 trillion projected surplus to what we have today, which is a $9 trillion debt.

I don't want to raise taxes on anybody. I'm certainly against one of Senator Obama's ideas, which is to lift the cap on the payroll tax, because that would impose additional taxes on people who are, you know, educators here in the Philadelphia area or in the suburbs, police officers, firefighters and the like.

So I think we have to be very careful about how we navigate this.

So the $250,000 mark is where I am sure we're going. But beyond that, we're going to have to look and see where we are.

MODERATOR Very quickly, because I owe Senator Clinton time, but, yeah, you wanted to respond.

WINNER Well, Charlie, I just have to respond real quickly to Senator Clinton's last comment. What I have proposed is that we raise the cap on the payroll tax, because right now millionaires and billionaires don't have to pay beyond $97,000 a year.

That's where it's kept. Now most firefighters, most teachers, you know, they're not making over $100,000 a year. In fact, only 6 percent of the population does. And I've also said that I'd be willing to look at exempting people who are making slightly above that.

But understand the alternative is that because we're going to have fewer workers to more retirees, if we don't do anything on Social Security, then those benefits will effectively be cut, because we'll be running out of money.

MODERATOR But Senator, that's a tax. That's a tax on people under $250,000.

WINNER Well, no, look, let me -- let me finish my point here, Charlie. Senator Clinton just said she certainly wouldn't do this; this was a bad idea. In Iowa she, when she was outside of camera range, said to an individual there she'd certainly consider the idea. And then that was recorded, and she apparently wasn't aware that it was being recorded.

So this is an option that I would strongly consider, because the alternatives, like raising the retirement age, or cutting benefits, or raising the payroll tax on everybody, including people who make less than $97,000 a year --

MODERATOR But there's a heck of a lot of --

WINNER -- those are not good policy options.

MODERATOR Those are a heck of a lot of people between $97,000 and $200(,000) and $250,000. If you raise the payroll taxes, that's going to raise taxes on them.

WINNER And that's -- and that's -- and that's why I've said, Charlie, that I would look at potentially exempting those who are in between.

But the point is, we're going to have to capture some revenue in order to stabilize the Social Security system. You can't -- you can't get something for nothing. And if we care about Social Security, which I do, and if we are firm in our commitment to make sure that it's going to be there for the next generation, and not just for our generation, then we have an obligation to figure out how to stabilize the system.

And I think we should be honest in presenting our ideas in terms of how we're going to do that and not just say that we're going to form a commission and try to solve the problem some other way.

LOSER Well, in fact, I am totally committed to making sure Social Security is solvent. If we had stayed on the path we were on at the end of my husband's administration, we sure would be in a lot better position because we had a plan to extend the life of the Social Security Trust Fund and again, President Bush decided that that wasn't a priority, that the war in Iraq and tax cuts for the wealthiest of Americans were his priorities, neither of which he's ever paid for. I think it's the first time we've ever been taken to war and had a president who wouldn't pay for it.

But when it comes to Social Security, fiscal responsibility is the first and most important step. You've got to begin to reign in the budget, pay as you go, to try to replenish our Social Security Trust Fund.

And with all due respect, the last time we had a crisis in Social Security was 1983. President Reagan and Speaker Tip O'Neill came up with a commission. That was the best and smartest way, because you've got to get Republicans and Democrats together.

That's what I will do. And I will say, number one, don't cut benefits on current beneficiaries; they're already having a hard enough time. And number two, do not impose additional tax burdens on middle-class families.

There are lots of ways we can fix Social Security that don't impose those burdens, and I will do that.

WINNER That commission raised the retirement age, Charlie, and also raised the payroll tax. And so Senator Clinton, if she -- she can't have it both ways. You can't come at me for proposing a solution that will save Social Security without burdening middle- income Americans, and then suggest that somehow she's got a magic solution.

LOSER But there are more progressive ways of doing it than, you know, lifting the cap. And I think we'll work it out. I have every confidence we're going to work it out. I know that we can make this happen.

MODERATOR On that point, we're going to take a break, a commercial break. The Democratic debate from here in Philadelphia before the Pennsylvania primary will continue. Stay with us. We'll be back. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Back to the Philadelphia Debate, the Democratic Debate, just less than a week now before the Pennsylvania primary.

And I would be remiss tonight if I didn't take note of the fact that today is the one-year anniversary of Virginia Tech. And I think it's fair to say that probably every American during this day, at one point or another, said a small prayer for the great people at that university and for those who died.

It also, I suspect, makes this an appropriate time to talk about guns. And it has not been talked about much in this campaign and it's an important issue in the state of Pennsylvania.

Both of you, in the past, have supported strong gun control measures. But now when I listen to you on the campaign, I hear you emphasizing that you believe in an individual's right to bear arms.

Both of you were strong advocates for licensing of guns. Both of you were strong advocates for the registration of guns.

Why don't you emphasize that now, Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, Charlie, on Friday, I was with Mayor Nutter, who's here, in West Philadelphia at the YMCA there, to talk about what we could do together to bring down the crime rate that has ravaged Philadelphia.

You know, more than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia. And Mayor Nutter is very committed, as the mayor of this great city, to try to do what he can to stem the violence.

And what I said then is what I have been saying, that I will be a good partner, for cities like Philadelphia, as president. Because I will bring back the COPS program, the so-called COPS program, where we had 100,000 police on the street, which really helped drive down the crime rate and also helped create better community relations.

I will also work to reinstate the assault weapons ban. We had it during the 1990s. It really was an aid to our police officers, who are now once again, because it has lapsed -- the Republicans will not reinstate it -- are being outgunned on our streets by these military- style weapons.

I will also work to make sure that police departments in Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, across America get access to the federal information that will enable them to track illegal guns, because the numbers are astounding. Probably 80 percent of the guns used in gun crimes are in the hands of that criminal, that gang member -- unfortunately, people who are sometimes, you know, mentally challenged -- because it got there illegally. And under the Republicans, that information was kept from local law enforcement.

So I believe that we can balance what I think is the right equation. I respect the Second Amendment. I respect the rights of lawful gun owners to own guns, to use their guns, but I also believe that most lawful gun owners whom I have spoken with for many years across our country also want to be sure that we keep those guns out of the wrong hands.

And as president, I will work to try to bridge this divide, which I think has been polarizing and, frankly, doesn't reflect the common sense of the American people.

So we will strike the right balance to protect the constitutional right but to give people the feeling and the reality that they will be protected from guns in the wrong hands.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, the District of Columbia has a law, it's had a law since 1976, it's now before the United States Supreme Court, that prohibits ownership of handguns, a sawed-off shotgun, a machine gun or a short-barreled rifle. Is that law consistent with an individual's right to bear arms?

WINNER Well, Charlie, I confess I obviously haven't listened to the briefs and looked at all the evidence.

As a general principle, I believe that the Constitution confers an individual right to bear arms. But just because you have an individual right does not mean that the state or local government can't constrain the exercise of that right, and, you know, in the same way that we have a right to private property but local governments can establish zoning ordinances that determine how you can use it.

And I think that it is going to be important for us to reconcile what are two realities in this country.

There's the reality of gun ownership and the tradition of gun ownership that's passed on from generation to generation. You know, when you listen to people who have hunted, and they talk about the fact that they went hunting with their fathers or their mothers, then that is something that is deeply important to them and, culturally, they care about deeply.

But you also have the reality of what's happening here in Philadelphia and what's happening in Chicago.

And...

MODERATOR But do you still favor the registration of guns? Do you still favor the licensing of guns?

And in 1996, your campaign issued a questionnaire, and your writing was on the questionnaire that said you favored a ban on handguns.

WINNER No, my writing wasn't on that particular questionnaire, Charlie. As I said, I have never favored an all-out ban on handguns.

What I think we can provide is common-sense approaches to the issue of illegal guns that are ending up on the streets. We can make sure that criminals don't have guns in their hands. We can make certain that those who are mentally deranged are not getting a hold of handguns. We can trace guns that have been used in crimes to unscrupulous gun dealers that may be selling to straw purchasers and dumping them on the streets.

The point is, is that what we have to do is get beyond the politics of this issue and figure out what, in fact, is working.

Look, in my hometown of Chicago, on the south side of Chicago, we've had 34 gun deaths last year of Chicago public school children.

And I think that most law-abiding gun owners all across America would recognize that it is perfectly appropriate for local communities and states and the federal government to try to figure out, how do we stop that kind of killing?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you have a home in D.C.

Do you support the D.C. ban?

LOSER You know, George, I want to give local communities the opportunity to have some authority over determining how to keep their citizens safe.

This case you're referring to, before the Supreme Court, is apparently dividing the Bush administration. You know, the Bush administration basically said, we don't have enough facts to know whether or not it is appropriate.

And Vice President Cheney who, you know, is a fourth special branch of government all unto himself -- (laughter) -- has actually filed a brief saying, oh, no, we have to, you know, we have to prevent D.C. from doing this.

So --

MODERATOR But what do you think? Do you support it or not?

LOSER Well, what I support is sensible regulation that is consistent with the constitutional right to own and bear arms.

MODERATOR Is the D.C. ban consistent with that right?

LOSER Well, I think a total ban, with no exceptions under any circumstances, might be found by the court not to be. But I don't know the facts.

But I don't think that should blow open a hole that says that D.C. or Philadelphia or anybody else cannot come up with sensible regulations to protect their people and keep, you know, machine guns and assault weapons out of the hands of folks who shouldn't have them.

MODERATOR Well, with all due respect, and I'm not sure I got an answer from Senator Obama. But do you still favor licensing and registration of handguns?

LOSER What I favor is what works in New York. You know, we have a set of rules in New York City and we have a totally different set of rules in the rest of the state. What might work in New York City is certainly not going to work in Montana. So, for the federal government to be having any kind of, you know, blanket rules that they're going to try to impose, I think doesn't make sense.

MODERATOR But Senator, you were for that when you ran for Senate in New York.

LOSER I was for -- I was for the New York rules, that's right. I was for the New York rules because they have worked over time. And there isn't a lot of uproar in New York about changing them, because I go to upstate New York, where we have a lot of hunters and people who are collectors and people who are sport shooters; they have every reason to believe that their rights are being respected. You walk down the street with a police officer in Manhattan; he wants to be sure that there is some way of protecting him and protecting the people that are in his charge.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, last May we talked about affirmative action, ad you said at the time that affluent African Americans like your daughters should probably be treated as pretty advantaged when they apply to college, and that poor white children -- kids -- should get special consideration, affirmative action.

So, as president, how specifically would you recommend changing affirmative action policies so that affluent African Americans are not given advantages, and poor, less affluent whites are?

WINNER Well, I think that the basic principle that should guide discussions not just on affirmative action but how we are admitting young people to college generally is, how do we make sure that we're providing ladders of opportunity for people? How do we make sure that every child in America has a decent shot in pursuing their dreams?

And race is still a factor in our society. And I think that for universities and other institutions to say, you know, we're going to take into account the hardships that somebody has experienced because they're black or Latino or because they're women --

MODERATOR Even if they're wealthy?

WINNER I think that's something that they can take into account, but it can only be in the context of looking at the whole situation of the young person. So if they look at my child and they say, you know, Malia and Sasha, they've had a pretty good deal, then that shouldn't be factored in. On the other hand, if there's a young white person who has been working hard, struggling, and has overcome great odds, that's something that should be taken into account.

So I still believe in affirmative action as a means of overcoming both historic and potentially current discrimination, but I think that it can't be a quota system and it can't be something that is simply applied without looking at the whole person, whether that person is black or white or Hispanic, male or female.

What we want to do is make sure that people who have been locked out of opportunity are going to be able to walk through those doors of opportunity in the future.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you agree to that kind of change?

LOSER Well, here's the way I'd prefer to think about it.

I think we've got to have affirmative action generally to try to give more opportunities to young people from disadvantaged backgrounds -- whoever they are. That's why I'm a strong supporter of early childhood education and universal pre-kindergarten.

That's why I'm against No Child Left Behind as it is currently operating. And I would end it, because we can do so much better to have an education system that really focuses in on kids who need extra help.

That's why I'm in favor of much more college aid, not these outrageous predatory student loan rates that are charging people I've met, across Pennsylvania, 20, 25, 28 percent interest rates. Let's make college affordable again.

See, I think we have to look at what we're trying to achieve here somewhat differently. We do have a real gap. We have a gap in achievement. We have a gap in income. But we don't have a potential gap.

I think our job should be to try to create the conditions that enable people to live up to their God-given potential. And that means health care for everyone -- no exceptions, nobody left out. And it means taking a hard look at what we need to do to compete and win in the global economy.

So that's how I prefer to think about it. You know, let's affirmatively invest in our young people and make it possible for them to have a good middle-class life in today's much more competitive economy.

MODERATOR We're running short on time. Let me just give some quick questions here, and let me give you a minute each to answer. What are you going to do about gas prices? It's getting to $4 a gallon. It is killing truckers.

LOSER That's right.

MODERATOR People are in trouble. And yet the whole world pays a whole lot more for gas than we do. What are you going to do about it?

LOSER Well, I met with a group of truckers in Harrisburg about a week and a half ago, and here's what I told them. Number one, we are going to investigate these gas prices. The federal government has certain tools that this administration will not use, in the Federal Trade Commission and other ways, through the Justice Department, because I believe there is market manipulation going on, particularly among energy traders. We've seen this movie before, in Enron, and we've got to get to the bottom to make sure we're not being taken advantage of.

Number two, I would quit putting oil into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and I would release some to help drive the price down globally.

And thirdly, if there is any kind of gas tax moratorium, as some people are now proposing --

MODERATOR Like John McCain.

LOSER -- like John McCain, and some Democrats, frankly -- I think Senator Menendez and others have said that we may have to do something, because when you get to $4-a-gallon gas, people are not going to be able to afford to drive to work. And what I would like to see us do is to say if we have that, then we should have a windfall profits tax on these outrageous profits of the oil companies, and put that money back into the highway trust fund, so that we don't lose out on repair and construction and rebuilding.

But ultimately, Charlie, we've got to have a long-term energy strategy. We are so much more dependent on foreign oil today than we were on 9/11, and that is a real indictment of our leadership. And I've laid out a comprehensive plan to move us toward energy independence that I hope I will have the opportunity to implement as president.

MODERATOR Very quickly, Senator Obama, I -- the same thing. But we've heard from politicians for a long time we're going to end dependence on foreign oil. I just have a quote "The generation-long growth in our dependence on foreign oil will be stopped dead in its tracks right now." That was Jimmy Carter in 1979. And it's gotten a whole lot worse since then.

WINNER Well, you're right. And that's why people are cynical, because decade after decade, we talk about energy policy or we talk about health care policy, and through Democratic and Republican administrations, nothing gets done.

Now, I think many of the steps that Senator Clinton outlined are similar to the plans that we talked about. It is absolutely true that we've got to investigate potential price gouging or market manipulation. I have strongly called for a windfall profits tax that can provide both consumers relief and also invest in renewable energies.

I think that long term, we're going to have to raise fuel efficiency standards on cars, because the only way that we're going to be able to reduce gas prices is if we reduce demand. You've still got a billion people in China, and maybe 700 million in India, who still want cars. And so the long-term trajectory is that we're going to have to get serious about increasing our fuel efficiency standards and investing in new technologies.

That's something I'm committed to doing. I've talked about spending $150 billion over 10 years in an Apollo Project, a Manhattan Project to create the alternative energy strategies that will work not only for this generation but for the next.

MODERATOR We're running out of time for this segment. Very quickly, for each of you, 30 seconds. Senator Clinton, you've said that you believe in using former presidents. How would you use George W. Bush if you were president? (Laughter.)

LOSER I'm going to have to give some serious thought to that. (Laughter.) You know, I do believe that it's a way to unify our country. I thought that President Bush was right when he asked his father and Bill to represent us during the aftermath of the tsunami. I thought it sent a great message here at home and around the world. And I'm sure that there will be opportunities to ask all the former presidents to work on behalf of our nation.

You know, we've got to come together. And the former presidents really exemplify that, whether one agrees with them politically or not. When they're all together, representing our country, that sends a strong message. And I would look for a way to use all our former presidents, but that'll take some careful thought on my part. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, you know, I think that having the advice and counsel of all former presidents is important. I'm probably more likely to advice of the current president's father than president himself because I think that when you look back at George H.W. Bush's foreign policy, it was a wise foreign policy.

And how we executed the Gulf War, how we managed the transition out of the Cold War, I think, is an example of how we can get bipartisan agreement. I don't think the Democrats have a monopoly on good ideas. I think that there are a lot of thoughtful Republicans out there.

The problem is, we've been locked in a divided politics for so long that we've stopped listening to each other. And I think that this president in particular has fed those divisions. That's something that we've tried to end in this campaign, and I think we're being successful.

MODERATOR All right.

We're going to take one more commercial break, come back with a final question for both of you in just a moment.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Final question, now, to finish what I think has been a fascinating debate, and I appreciate both of you being here -- thanking you in advance.

I -- it is hard to see how either one of you win this nomination on the basis of pledged delegates in primaries. And it could well come down to superdelegates. And I know you've been talking to them all along. But let's say you're at the convention in Denver, and you're talking to a group of 20 undecided superdelegates. How are you going to make the case to them why you're the better candidate and more electable in November?

What do you say to them -- minute-and-a-half each. And by a flip of the coin, Senator Clinton goes first.

LOSER Well, I say to them what I've said to voters across America -- that we need a fighter back in the White House. We need someone who's going to take on the special interests.

And I have a plan to take away $55 billion of the giveaways and the subsidies that the president and Congress have lavished on the drug companies and the oil companies and the insurance companies and Wall Street. And I have a plan to give that money back -- give it back in tax cuts to the middle class -- people who deserve it, who have been struggling under this president, who feel invisible, who feel like, you know, they're not even seen anymore.

And we're going to make everybody feel like they're part of the American family again. And we're going to tackle the problems that have been waiting for a champion back in the White House.

Now, obviously, I can't do this alone. I can only do it if I get people who believe in me and support me and who look at my track record and know that, you know, I've spent a lifetime trying to empower people, trying to fight for them.

And I think it's going to be challenging, but it is absolutely what we must do in order to keep faith with our country and to give our children the future that they deserve.

So I will tell everyone who listens that I'm ready to be the commander in chief. I've 35 generals and admirals, including two former chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Wesley Clark and others, who believe that I am the person to lead us out of Iraq, to take on al Qaeda, to rebuild our military.

And I will turn this economy around. We will get back to shared prosperity and we will see once again that we can do this the right way so it's not just a government of the few, by the few and for the few. And I need your help. I need the help of the voters here in Pennsylvania, first and foremost, in order to be able to get to those conversations.

And I hope that I have demonstrated not just over the last weeks or even over the last hour and half but over a lifetime that you can count on me. You know where I stand. You know that I will fight for you and that together we're going to take back our country.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, when we started this campaign 15 months ago, it was based on a couple of simple principles number one, that we were in a defining moment in our history. Our nation's at war. Our planet's in peril. Our economy is in a shambles. And most importantly, the American people have lost trust in their government, not just Democrats but independents and Republicans who've been disillusioned about promises that have been made election after election, decade after decade.

And the bet I was making was a bet on the American people; that they were tired of a politics that was about tearing about each other down, but wanted a politics that was about lifting the country up; that they didn't want spin and PR out of their elected officials, they wanted an honest conversation.

And most importantly, I believe that change does not happen from the top down, it happens from the bottom up. And that's why we decided we weren't going to take PAC money or money from federal registered lobbyists, that we were not going to be subject to special- interest influence, but instead were going to enlist the American people in a project of changing this country.

And during the course of these last 15 months, my bet's paid off because the American people have responded in record numbers, and not just people who are accustomed to participating, but people who haven't participated in years. I talked to a woman here in Pennsylvania, 70 years old, she whispered to me, "I've never voted before, but I'm going to vote in this election."

And so my point to the super delegates would be that if we're going to deliver on health care for every American, improve our schools, deliver on jobs, then it's going to be absolutely vital we form a new political coalition in this country. That's what we've been doing in this campaign, and that's what I'm going to do when I'm president of the United States of America.

MODERATOR The audience has been very good in restraining themselves. I think a round of applause for Senators Obama and Clinton. (Applause.)

And that concludes tonight's Pennsylvania debate. We appreciate both of you and wish you both the best.

Thank you very much. (Applause continues.)

MODERATOR A lot has been said since we last gathered in this forum, certainly since -- in the few days since you two last debated. Senator Clinton, in your comments especially, the difference has been striking. And let's begin by taking a look.

LOSER (From videotape.) You know, no matter what happens in this contest -- and I am honored, I am honored to be here with Barack Obama. I am absolutely honored. (Cheers, applause.)

(From videotape.) So shame on you, Barack Obama. It is time you ran a campaign consistent with your messages in public. That's what I expect from you. Meet me in Ohio. Let's have a debate about your tactics and your -- (cheers, applause).

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, we're here in Ohio. Senator Obama is here. This is the debate. You would agree the difference in tone over just those 48 hours was striking.

LOSER Well, this is a contested campaign. And as I have said many times, I have a great deal of respect for Senator Obama, but we have differences. And in the last several days, some of those differences in tactics and the choices that Senator Obama's campaign has made regarding flyers and mailers and other information that has been put out about my health care plan and my position on NAFTA have been very disturbing to me.

And therefore, I think it's important that you stand up for yourself and you point out these differences so that voters can have the information they need to make a decision.

You know, for example, it's been unfortunate that Senator Obama has consistently said that I would force people to have health care whether they could afford it or not. You know, health care reform and achieving universal health care is a passion of mine. It is something I believe in with all my heart. And every day that I'm campaigning, and certainly here throughout Ohio, I've met so many families -- happened again this morning in Lorain -- who are just devastated because they don't get the health care they deserve to have. And unfortunately it's a debate we should have that is accurate and is based in facts about my plan and Senator Obama's plan, because my plan will cover everyone and it will be affordable. And on many occasions, independent experts have concluded exactly that.

And Senator Obama's plan does not cover everyone. It would leave, give or take, 15 million people out. So we should have a good debate that uses accurate information, not false, misleading, and discredited information, especially on something as important as whether or not we will achieve quality, affordable health care for everyone. That's my goal. That's what I'm fighting for, and I'm going to stand up for that.

MODERATOR On the topic of accurate information, and to that end, one of the things that has happened over the past 36 hours -- a photo went out the website The Drudge Report, showing Senator Obama in the native garb of a nation he was visiting, as you have done in a host country on a trip overseas.

Matt Drudge on his website said it came from a source inside the Clinton campaign. Can you say unequivocally here tonight it did not?

LOSER Well, so far as I know, it did not. And I certainly know nothing about it and have made clear that that's not the kind of behavior that I condone or expect from the people working in my campaign. But we have no evidence where it came from.

So I think that it's clear what I would do if it were someone in my campaign, as I have in the past asking people to leave my campaign if they do things that I disagree with.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, your response.

WINNER Well, first of all, I take Senator Clinton at her word that she knew nothing about the photo. So I think that's something that we can set aside.

I do want to focus on the issue of health care because Senator Clinton has suggested that the flyer that we put out, the mailing that we put out, was inaccurate. Now, keep in mind that I have consistently said that Senator Clinton's got a good health care plan. I think I have a good health care plan. I think mine is better, but I have said that 95 percent of our health care plan is similar.

I have endured over the course of this campaign repeatedly negative mailing from Senator Clinton in Iowa, in Nevada and other places suggesting that I want to leave 15 million people out.

According to Senator Clinton, that is accurate. I dispute it, and I think it is inaccurate. On the other hand, I don't fault Senator Clinton for wanting to point out what she thinks is an advantage to her plan.

The reason she thinks that there are more people covered under her plan than mine is because of a mandate. That is not a mandate for the government to provide coverage to everybody; it is a mandate that every individual purchase health care.

And the mailing that we put out accurately indicates that the main difference between Senator Clinton's plan and mine is the fact that she would force in some fashion individuals to purchase health care.

If it was not affordable, she would still presumably force them to have it, unless there is a hardship exemption as they've done in Massachusetts, which leaves 20 percent of the uninsured out. And if that's the case, then, in fact, her claim that she covers everybody is not accurate.

Now, Senator Clinton has not indicated how she would enforce this mandate. She hasn't indicated what level of subsidy she would provide to assure that it was, in fact, affordable. And so it is entirely legitimate for us to point out these differences.

But I think it's very important to understand the context of this, and that is that Senator Clinton has -- her campaign, at least -- has constantly sent out negative attacks on us, e-mail, robocalls, flyers, television ads, radio calls.

And, you know, we haven't whined about it because I understand that's the nature of these campaigns, but to suggest somehow that our mailing is somehow different from the kinds of approaches that Senator Clinton has taken throughout this campaign I think is simply not accurate.

MODERATOR And Senator Clinton, on this subject --

LOSER But I have to -- I have to respond to that because this is not just any issue, and certainly we've had a vigorous back and forth on both sides of our campaign. But this is an issue that goes to the heart of whether or not this country will finally do what is right, and that is to provide quality affordable health care to every single person.

Senator Obama has a mandate in his plan. It's a mandate on parents to provide health insurance for their children. That's about 150 million people who would be required to do that. The difference between Senator Obama and myself is that I know, from the work I've done on health care for many years, that if everyone's not in the system we will continue to let the insurance companies do what's called cherry picking -- pick those who get insurance and leave others out.

We will continue to have a hidden tax, so that when someone goes to the emergency room without insurance -- 15 million or however many -- that amount of money that will be used to take care of that person will be then spread among all the rest of us.

And most importantly, you know, the kind of attack on my health care plan, which the University of Pennsylvania and others have said is misleading -- that attack goes right to the heart of whether or not we will be able to achieve universal health care. That's a core Democratic Party value. It's something that ever since Harry Truman we have stood for.

And what I find regrettable is that in Senator Obama's mailing that he has sent out across Ohio, it is almost as though the health insurance companies and the Republicans wrote it, because in my plan there is enough money, according to the independent experts who've evaluated it, to provide the kind of subsidies so that everyone would be able to afford it. It is not the same as a single state trying to do this, because the federal government has many more resources at its disposal.

LOSER So I think it's imperative that we stand as Democrats for universal health care. I've staked out a claim for that. Senator Edwards did. Others have. But Senator Obama has not.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, a quick response.

WINNER Well, look, I believe in universal health care, as does Senator Clinton. And this is -- this is, I think, the point of the debate, is that Senator Clinton repeatedly claims that I don't stand for universal health care. And, you know, for Senator Clinton to say that, I think, is simply not accurate.

Every expert has said that anybody who wants health care under my plan will be able to obtain it. President Clinton's own secretary of Labor has said that my plan does more to reduce costs and as a consequence makes sure that the people who need health care right now all across Ohio, all across Texas, Rhode Island, Vermont, all across America, will be able to obtain it. And we do more to reduce costs than any other plan that's been out there.

Now, I have no objection to Senator Clinton thinking that her approach is superior, but the fact of the matter is, is that if, as we've heard tonight, we still don't know how Senator Clinton intends to enforce a mandate, and if we don't know the level of subsidies that she's going to provide, then you can have a situation, which we are seeing right now in the state of Massachusetts, where people are being fined for not having purchased health care but choose to accept the fine because they still can't afford it, even with the subsidies.

And they are then worse off. They then have no health care and are paying a fine above and beyond that.

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER That is a genuine difference between myself and Senator Clinton.

And the last point I would make is, the insurance companies actually are happy to have a mandate. The insurance companies don't mind making sure that everybody has to purchase their product. That's not something they're objecting to. The question is, are we going to make sure that it is affordable for everybody? And that's my goal when I'm president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator, as you two --

LOSER You know, Brian -- Brian, wait a minute. I've got -- this is too important.

You know, Senator Obama has a mandate. He would enforce the mandate by requiring parents to buy insurance for their children.

WINNER This is true.

LOSER That is the case.

If you have a mandate, it has to be enforceable. So there's no difference here.

WINNER No, there is a difference.

LOSER It's just that I know that parents who get sick have terrible consequences for their children. So you can insure the children, and then you've got the bread-winner who can't afford health insurance or doesn't have it for him or herself.

And in fact, it would be as though Franklin Roosevelt said let's make Social Security voluntary -- that's -- you know, that's -- let's let everybody get in it if they can afford it -- or if President Johnson said let's make Medicare voluntary.

WINNER Well, let me --

LOSER What we have said is that at the point of employment, at the point of contact with various government agencies, we would have people signed up. It's like when you get a 401(k), it's your employer. The employer automatically enrolls you. You would be enrolled.

And under my plan, it is affordable because, number one, we have enough money in our plan. A comparison of the plans like the ones we're proposing found that actually I would cover nearly everybody at a much lower cost than Senator Obama's plan because we would not only provide these health care tax credits, but I would limit the amount of money that anyone ever has to pay for a premium to a low percentage of your income. So it will be affordable.

Now, if you want to say that we shouldn't try to get everyone into health insurance, that's a big difference, because I believe if we don't have universal health care, we will never provide prevention.

I have the most aggressive measures to reduce costs and improve quality. And time and time again, people who have compared our two approaches have concluded that.

WINNER Brian, I'm sorry.

LOSER So let's -- let's have a debate about the facts.

WINNER I'm going to get filibuttered -- I'm getting filibustered a little bit here.

MODERATOR The last answer on this topic.

WINNER I mean, it is just not accurate to say that Senator Clinton does more to control costs than mine. That is not the case. There are many experts who have concluded that she does not.

I do provide a mandate for children, because, number one, we have created a number of programs in which we can have greater assurance that those children will be covered at an affordable price. On the -- on the point of many adults, we don't want to put in a situation in which, on the front end, we are mandating them, we are forcing them to purchase insurance, and if the subsidies are inadequate, the burden is on them, and they will be penalized. And that is what Senator Clinton's plan does.

Now, I am -- I am happy to have a discussion with Senator Clinton about how we can both achieve the goal of universal health care. What I do not accept -- and which is what Senator Clinton has consistently done and in fact the same experts she cites basically say there's no real difference between our plans, that are -- that they are not substantial.

But it has to do with how we are going to achieve universal health care. That is an area where I believe that if we make it affordable, people will purchase it. In fact, Medicare Part B is not mandated, it is voluntary. And yet people over 65 choose to purchase it, Hillary, and the reason they choose to purchase it is because it's a good deal. And if people in Cleveland or anywhere in Ohio end up seeing a plan that is affordable for them, I promise you they are snatching it up because they are desperate to get health care. And that's what I intend to provide as president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator, I'm going to change the subject.

LOSER About 20 percent of -- about 20 percent of the people who are uninsured have the means to buy insurance. They're often young people --

MODERATOR Senator --

LOSER -- who think they're immortal --

WINNER Which is why I cover them.

LOSER -- except when the illness or the accident strikes. And what Senator Obama has said, that then, once you get to the hospital, you'll be forced to buy insurance, I don't think that's a good idea. We ought to plan for it --

WINNER With respect --

LOSER -- and we ought to make sure we cover everyone.

That is the only way to get to universal health care coverage.

WINNER With respect --

LOSER That is what I've worked for for 15 years --

WINNER With respect --

LOSER -- and I believe that we can achieve it. But if we don't even have a plan to get there, and we start out by leaving people, you'll never ever control costs, improve quality, and cover everyone.

WINNER With respect to the young people, my plan specifically says that up until the age of 25 you will be able to be covered under your parents' insurance plan, so that cohort that

Senator Clinton is talking about will, in fact, have coverage.

MODERATOR Well, a 16-minute discussion on health care is certainly a start. (Laughter.) I'd like to change up --

LOSER Well, there's hardly anything be more important? I think it would be good to talk about health care and how we're we going get to universal health care.

MODERATOR I -- well, here's another important topic, and that's NAFTA, especially where we're sitting here tonight. And this is a tough one depending on who you ask. The Houston Chronicle has called it a big win for Texas, but Ohio Democratic Senator Brown, your colleague in the Senate, has called it a job-killing trade agreement. Senator Clinton, you've campaigned in south Texas. You've campaigned here in Ohio. Who's right?

LOSER Well, can I just point out that in the last several debates, I seem to get the first question all the time. And I don't mind. I -- you know, I'll be happy to field them, but I do find it curious, and if anybody saw "Saturday Night Live," you know, maybe we should ask Barack if he's comfortable and needs another pillow. (Laughter, boos.) I just find it kind of curious that I keep getting the first question on all of these issues. But I'm happy to answer it.

You know, I have been a critic of NAFTA from the very beginning. I didn't have a public position on it, because I was part of the administration, but when I started running for the Senate, I have been a critic. I've said it was flawed. I said that it worked in some parts of our country, and I've seen the results in Texas. I was in Laredo in the last couple of days. It's the largest inland port in America now. So clearly, some parts of our country have been benefited.

But what I have seen, where I represent up-state New York, I've seen the factories closed and moved. I've talked to so many people whose children have left because they don't have a good shot. I've had to negotiate to try to keep factories open, sometimes successfully, sometimes not, because the companies got tax benefits to actually move to another country.

So what I have said is that we need to have a plan to fix NAFTA. I would immediately have a trade timeout, and I would take that time to try to fix NAFTA by making it clear that we'll have core labor and environmental standards in the agreement.

We will do everything we can to make it enforceable, which it is not now. We will stop the kind of constant sniping at our protections for our workers that can come from foreign companies because they have the authority to try to sue to overturn what we do to keep our workers safe.

This is rightly a big issue in Ohio. And I have laid out my criticism, but in addition my plan, for actually fixing NAFTA. Again, I have received a lot of incoming criticism from Senator Obama. And the Cleveland Plain Dealer examined Senator Obama's attacks on me regarding NAFTA and said they were erroneous. So I would hope that, again, we can get to a debate about what the real issues are and where we stand because we do need to fix NAFTA. It is not working. It was, unfortunately, heavily disadvantaging many of our industries, particularly manufacturing. I have a record of standing up for that, of chairing the Manufacturing Caucus in the Senate, and I will take a tough position on these trade agreements.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Before we turn the questioning over to Tim Russert, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, I think that it is inaccurate for Senator Clinton to say that she's always opposed NAFTA. In her campaign for Senate, she said that NAFTA, on balance, had been good for New York and good for America. I disagree with that. I think that it did not have the labor standards and environmental standards that were required in order to not just be good for Wall Street but also be good for Main Street. And if you travel through Youngstown and you travel through communities in my home state of Illinois, you will see entire cities that have been devastated as a consequence of trade agreements that were not adequately structured to make sure that U.S. workers had a fair deal.

Now, I think that Senator Clinton has shifted positions on this and believes that we should have strong environmental standards and labor standards, and I think that's a good thing. But you know, when I first moved to Chicago in the early '80s and I saw steelworkers who had been laid off of their plants -- black, white, and Hispanic -- and I worked on the streets of Chicago to try to help them find jobs, I saw then that the net costs of many of these trade agreements, if they're not properly structured, can be devastating.

And as president of the United States, I intend to make certain that every agreement that we sign has the labor standards, the environmental standards and the safety standards that are going to protect not just workers, but also consumers. We can't have toys with lead paint in them that our children are playing with. We can't have medicines that are actually making people more sick instead of better because they're produced overseas. We have to stop providing tax breaks for companies that are shipping jobs overseas and give those tax breaks to companies that are investing here in the United States of America.

And if we do those things, then I believe that we can actually get Ohio back on the path of growth and jobs and prosperity. If we don't, then we're going to continue to see the kind of deterioration that we've seen economically here in this state.

MODERATOR I want to ask you both about NAFTA because the record, I think, is clear. And I want to -- Senator Clinton. Senator Obama said that you did say in 2004 that on balance NAFTA has been good for New York and America. You did say that. When President Clinton signed this bill -- and this was after he negotiated two new side agreements, for labor and environment -- President Clinton said it would be a force for economic growth and social progress. You said in '96 it was proving its worth as free and fair trade. You said that -- in 2000 -- it was a good idea that took political courage. So your record is pretty clear.

Based on that, and which you're now expressing your discomfort with it, in the debate that Al Gore had with Ross Perot, Al Gore said the following "If you don't like NAFTA and what it's done, we can get out of it in six months.

The president can say to Canada and Mexico, we are out. This has not been a good agreement." Will U.S. president say we are out of NAFTA in six months?

LOSER I have said that I will renegotiate NAFTA, so obviously, you'd have to say to Canada and Mexico that that's exactly what we're going to do. But you know, in fairness --

MODERATOR Just because -- maybe Clinton --

LOSER Yes, I am serious.

MODERATOR You will get out. You will notify Mexico and Canada, NAFTA is gone in six months.

LOSER No, I will say we will opt out of NAFTA unless we renegotiate it, and we renegotiate on terms that are favorable to all of America.

But let's be fair here, Tim. There are lots of parts of New York that have benefitted, just like there are lots of parts of Texas that have benefitted. The problem is in places like upstate New York, places like Youngstown, Toledo, and others throughout Ohio that have not benefitted. And if you look at what I have been saying, it has been consistent.

You know, Senator Obama told the farmers of Illinois a couple of years ago that he wanted more trade agreements. I -- right now --

MODERATOR We're going to get -- we're going to get to Senator Obama, but I want to stay on your terms --

LOSER Well, but that -- but that is important --

MODERATOR -- because this was something that you wrote about as a real success for your husband. You said it was good on balance for New York and America in 2004, and now you're in Ohio and your words are much different, Senator. The record is very clear.

LOSER Well, I -- I -- you don't have all the record because you can go back and look at what I've said consistently. And I haven't just said things; I have actually voted to toughen trade agreements, to try to put more teeth into our enforcement mechanisms. And I will continue to do so.

But you know, Tim, when you look at what the Cleveland Plain Dealer said when they examined the kind of criticism that Senator Obama was making of me -- it's not me saying it -- they said it was erroneous. And it was erroneous because it didn't look at the entire picture, both at what I've said and what I've done.

But let's talk about what we're going to do. It is not enough just to criticize NAFTA, which I have, and for some years now. I have put forward a very specific plan about what I would do, and it does include telling Canada and Mexico that we will opt out unless we renegotiate the core labor and environmental standards -- not side agreements, but core agreements; that we will enhance the enforcement mechanism; and that we will have a very clear view of how we're going to review NAFTA going forward to make sure it works, and we're going to take out the ability of foreign companies to sue us because of what we do to protect our workers.

I would also say that you can go back and look at from the very beginning -- I think David Gergen was on TV today remembering that I was very skeptical about it.

It has worked in some parts of America. It has not worked in Ohio. It has not worked in upstate New York. And since I've been in the Senate -- neither of us voted on this. That wasn't something either of us got to cast an independent vote on. Since I have been in the Senate, I have worked to try to ameliorate the impact of these trade agreements.

MODERATOR But let me button this up. Absent the change that you're suggesting, you are willing to opt out of NAFTA in six months?

LOSER I'm confident that as president, when I say we will opt out unless we renegotiate, we will be able to renegotiate.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you did in 2004 talk to farmers and suggest that NAFTA had been helpful. The Associated Press today ran a story about NAFTA, saying that you have been consistently ambivalent towards the issue. Simple question Will you, as president, say to Canada and Mexico, "This has not worked for us; we are out"?

WINNER I will make sure that we renegotiate, in the same way that Senator Clinton talked about. And I think actually Senator Clinton's answer on this one is right. I think we should use the hammer of a potential opt-out as leverage to ensure that we actually get labor and environmental standards that are enforced. And that is not what has been happening so far.

That is something that I have been consistent about. I have to say, Tim, with respect to my position on this, when I ran for the United States Senate, the Chicago Tribune, which was adamantly pro-NAFTA, noted that, in their endorsement of me, they were endorsing me despite my strong opposition to NAFTA.

And that conversation that I had with the Farm Bureau, I was not ambivalent at all. What I said was that NAFTA and other trade deals can be beneficial to the United States because I believe every U.S. worker is as productive as any worker around the world, and we can compete with anybody. And we can't shy away from globalization. We can't draw a moat around us. But what I did say, in that same quote, if you look at it, was that the problem is we've been negotiating just looking at corporate profits and what's good for multinationals, and we haven't been looking at what's good for communities here in Ohio, in my home state of Illinois, and across the country.

And as president, what I want to be is an advocate on behalf of workers. Look, you know, when I go to these plants, I meet people who are proud of their jobs. They are proud of the products that they've created. They have built brands and profits for their companies. And when they see jobs shipped overseas and suddenly they are left not just without a job, but without health care, without a pension, and are having to look for seven-buck-an-hour jobs at the local fast-food joint, that is devastating on them, but it's also devastating on the community. That's not the way that we're going to prosper as we move forward.

MODERATOR Senator, two journalists here in Ohio wrote a piece called "Business as Usual," which is very well known, suggesting it wasn't trade or manufacturing jobs that were being lost because of it, but rather business as usual lack of patents, lack of innovation, lack of investment, 70 percent of the Ph.D.s in biology, chemistry, engineering leaving the state.

The fact is, exports now have the highest share of our national income ever. Ohio ranks fourth in terms of exports to Canada and Mexico. Are you sure this has not been better for Ohio than you're suggesting?

WINNER I'm positive it hasn't been better for Ohio. But you are making a very legitimate point, which is, is that this trade (can/can't ?) be the only part of our economic agenda. But we've seen seven years in which we have a president who has been looking out for the well-heeled and people who are doing very well in the global economy, in the financial industries, in the telecommunications industries, and has not been looking out for ordinary workers.

What do we have to do? We're going to have to invest in infrastructure to make sure that we're competitive. And I've got a plan to do that. We're going to have to invest in science and technology. We've got to vastly improve our education system. We have to look at energy and the potential for creating green jobs that can not just save on our energy costs but, more importantly, can create jobs in building windmills that will produce manufacturing jobs here in Ohio, can put rural communities back on their feet by working on alternative fuels, making buildings more energy efficient.

We can hire young people who are out of work and put them to work in the trade. So there are all sorts of things that we're going to have to do to make the United States economy much more competitive, and those are plans that I have put forward in this campaign and I expect to pursue as president of the United States of America.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, on the issue of jobs, I watched you the other day with your economic blueprint in Wisconsin saying, this is my plan; hold me accountable. And I've had a chance to read it very carefully. It does say that you pledge to create 5 million new jobs over 10 years.

And I was reminded of your campaign in 2000 in Buffalo, my hometown, just three hours down Route 90, where you pledged 200,000 new jobs for upstate New York. There's been a net loss of 30,000 jobs. And when you were asked about your pledge, your commitment, you told The Buffalo News, "I might have been a little exuberant." Tonight will you say that the pledge of 5 million jobs might be a little exuberant?

LOSER No, Tim, because what happened in 2000 is that I thought Al Gore was going to be president. And when I made the pledge I was counting on having a Democratic White House, a Democratic president who shared my values about what we needed to do to make the economy work for everyone and to create shared prosperity.

And as you know, despite the difficulties of the Bush administration and a Republican Congress for six years of my first term I have worked very hard to create jobs but obviously as president I will have a lot more tools at my disposal. And the reason why we can create at least 5 million new jobs -- I mean, this is not a big leap. Twenty-two point seven million new jobs were created during the eight years of the Clinton administration under my husband. We can create at least 5 million new jobs.

I'm not just talking about it. I helped to pass legislation to begin a training program for green collar jobs. I want to see people throughout Ohio being trained to do the work that will put solar panels on roofs, install wind turbines, do geothermal, take advantage of biofuels, and I know that if we had put $5 billion into the stimulus package to really invest in the training and the tax incentives that would have created those jobs as the Democrats wanted, as I originally proposed, we would be on the way to creating those.

You know, take a country like Germany. They made a big bet on solar power. They have a smaller economy and population than ours.

They've created several hundred thousand new jobs, and these are jobs that can't be outsourced. These are jobs that have to be done in Youngstown, in Dayton, in Cincinnati. These are jobs that we can create here with the right combination of tax incentives, training, and a commitment to following through. So I do think that at least 5 million jobs are fully capable of being produced within the next 10 years.

MODERATOR Brian?

MODERATOR Senator Obama, yesterday Senator Clinton gave a speech on foreign policy and I'm going to read you a quote from it. Quote, "We've seen the tragic result of having a president who had neither the experience nor the wisdom to manage our foreign policy and safeguard our national security. We cannot let that happen again. America has already taken that chance one time too many." Some of the comments in the speech were more pointed. The senator has compared your foreign policy expertise to that of George W. Bush at the same period. Provided you could be going into a general election against a Republican with vast foreign policy expertise and credibility on national security, how were her comments about you unfair?

WINNER Well, Senator Clinton I think equates experience with longevity in Washington. I don't think the American people do and I don't think that if you look at the judgments that we've made over the last several years that that's the accurate measure. On the most important foreign policy decision that we face in a generation -- whether or not to go into Iraq -- I was very clear as to why we should not -- that it would fan the flames of anti-American sentiment -- that it would distract us from Afghanistan -- that it would cost us billions of dollars, thousands of lives, and would not make us more safe, and I do not believe it has made us more safe.

Al Qaeda is stronger than anytime since 2001 according to our own intelligence estimates, and we are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years, spending $12 billion a month that could be invested in the kinds of programs that both Senator Clinton and I are talking about. So on Pakistan, during the summer I suggested that not only do we have to take a new approach towards Musharraf but we have to get much more serious about hunting down terrorists that are currently in northwestern Pakistan.

And many people said at the time well, you can't target those terrorists because Musharraf is our ally and we don't want to offend him. In fact, what we had was neither stability in Pakistan nor democracy in Pakistan, and had we pursued a policy that was looking at democratic reforms in Pakistan we would be much further along now than we are. So on the critical issues that actually matter I believe that my judgment has been sound and it has been judgment that I think has been superior to Senator Clinton's as well as Senator McCain's.

MODERATOR Well, Senator Clinton, in the last debate you seemed to take a pass on the question of whether or not Senator Obama was qualified to be commander in chief. Is your contention in this latest speech that America would somehow be taking a chance on Senator Obama as commander in chief?

LOSER Well, I have put forth my extensive experience in foreign policy, you know, helping to support the peace process in Northern Ireland, negotiating to open borders so that refugees fleeing ethnic cleansing would be safe, going to Beijing and standing up for women's rights as human rights and so much else. And every time the question about qualifications and credentials for commander in chief are raised, Senator Obama rightly points to the speech he gave in 2002. He's to be commended for having given the speech. Many people gave speeches against the war then, and the fair comparison is he didn't have responsibility, he didn't have to vote; by 2004 he was saying that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war. And when he came to the Senate, he and I have voted exactly the same. We have voted for the money to fund the war until relatively recently. So the fair comparison was when we both had responsibility, when it wasn't just a speech but it was actually action, where is the difference? Where is the comparison that would in some way give a real credibility to the speech that he gave against the war?

And on a number of other issues, I just believe that, you know, as Senator Obama said, yes, last summer he basically threatened to bomb Pakistan, which I don't think was a particularly wise position to take. I have long advocated a much tougher approach to Musharraf and to Pakistan, and have pushed the White House to do that.

And I disagree with his continuing to say that he would meet with some of the worst dictators in the world without preconditions and without the real, you know, understanding of what we would get from it.

So I think you've got to look at, you know, what I have done over a number of years, traveling on behalf of our country to more than 80 countries, meeting and working out a lot of different issues that are important to our national security and our foreign policy and our values, serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee for now five years. And I think that, you know, standing on that stage with Senator McCain, if he is, as appears to be, the nominee, I will have a much better case to make on a range of the issues that really America must confront going forward, and will be able to hold my own and make the case for a change in policy that will be better for our country.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, a quick response.

WINNER Let me just follow up. My objections to the war in Iraq were simply -- not simply a speech. I was in the midst of a U.S. Senate campaign. It was a high-stakes campaign. I was one of the most vocal opponents of the war, and I was very specific as to why.

And so when I bring this up, it is not simply to say "I told you so," but it is to give you an insight in terms of how I would make decisions.

And the fact was, this was a big strategic blunder. It was not a matter of, well, here is the initial decision, but since then we've voted the same way. Once we had driven the bus into the ditch, there were only so many ways we could get out. The question is, who's making the decision initially to drive the bus into the ditch? And the fact is that Senator Clinton often says that she is ready on day one, but in fact she was ready to give in to George Bush on day one on this critical issue. So the same person that she criticizes for having terrible judgment, and we can't afford to have another one of those, in fact she facilitated and enabled this individual to make a decision that has been strategically damaging to the United States of America.

With respect to Pakistan, I never said I would bomb Pakistan. What I said was that if we have actionable intelligence against bin Laden or other key al Qaeda officials, and we -- and Pakistan is unwilling or unable to strike against them, we should. And just several days ago, in fact, this administration did exactly that and took out the third-ranking al Qaeda official.

That is the position that we should have taken in the first place. And President Musharraf is now indicating that he would generally be more cooperative in some of these efforts, we don't know how the new legislature in Pakistan will respond, but the fact is it was the right strategy.

And so my claim is not simply based on a speech. It is based on the judgments that I've displayed during the course of my service on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, while I've been in the United States Senate, and as somebody who, during the course of this campaign, I think has put forward a plan that will provide a clean break against Bush and Cheney. And that is how we're going to be able to debate John McCain. Having a debate with John McCain where your positions were essentially similar until you started running for president, I think, does not put you in a strong position.

Tim Russert.

LOSER Well, I guess that --

MODERATOR Let me talk about the future -- let me talk the future about Iraq, because this is important, I think, to Democratic voters particularly. You both have pledged the withdrawal of troops from Iraq. You both have said you'd keep a residual force there to protect our embassy, to seek out al Qaeda, to neutralize Iran. If the Iraqi government said, President Clinton or President Obama, you're pulling out your troops this quickly?

You're going to be gone in a year, but you're going to leave a residual force behind? No. Get out. Get out now. If you don't want to stay and protect us, we're a sovereign nation. Go home now." Will you leave?

WINNER Well, if the Iraqi government says that we should be there, then we cannot be there. This is a sovereign government, as George Bush continually reminds us.

Now, I think that we can be in a partnership with Iraq to ensure the stability and the safety of the region, to ensure the safety of Iraqis and to meet our national security interests.

But in order to do that, we have to send a clear signal to the Iraqi government that we are not going to be there permanently, which is why I have said that as soon as I take office, I will call in the Joint Chiefs of Staff, we will initiate a phased withdrawal, we will be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in. We will give ample time for them to stand up, to negotiate the kinds of agreements that will arrive at the political accommodations that are needed. We will provide them continued support. But it is important for us not to be held hostage by the Iraqi government in a policy that has not made us more safe, that's distracting us from Afghanistan, and is costing us dearly, not only and most importantly in the lost lives of our troops, but also the amount of money that we are spending that is unsustainable and will prevent us from engaging in the kinds of investments in America that will make us more competitive and more safe.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, if the Iraqis said I'm sorry, we're not happy with this arrangement; if you're not going to stay in total and defend us, get out completely; they are a sovereign nation, you would listen?

LOSER Absolutely. And I believe that there is no military solution that the Americans who have been valiant in doing everything they were asked to do can really achieve in the absence of full cooperation from the Iraqi government. And --

MODERATOR Let me ask -- let me ask you this, Senator. I want to ask you --

LOSER And they need to take responsibility for themselves. And --

MODERATOR I want to ask both of you this question, then. If we -- if this scenario plays out and the Americans get out in total and al Qaeda resurges and Iraq goes to hell, do you hold the right, in your mind as American president, to re-invade, to go back into Iraq to stabilize it?

LOSER You know, Tim, you ask a lot of hypotheticals. And I believe that what's --

MODERATOR But this is reality.

LOSER No -- well, it isn't reality. You're -- you're -- you're making lots of different hypothetical assessments.

I believe that it is in America's interests and in the interests of the Iraqis for us to have an orderly withdrawal. I've been saying for many months that the administration has to do more to plan, and I've been pushing them to actually do it. I've also said that I would begin to withdraw within 60 days based on a plan that I asked begun to be put together as soon as I became president.

And I think we can take out one to two brigades a month. I've also been a leader in trying to prevent President Bush from getting us committed to staying in Iraq regardless for as long as Senator McCain and others have said it might be, 50 to a hundred years.

So, when you talk about what we need to do in Iraq, we have to make judgments about what is in the best interest of America. And I believe this is in the best interest.

But I also have heard Senator Obama refer continually to Afghanistan, and he references being on the Foreign Relations Committee. He chairs the Subcommittee on Europe. It has jurisdiction over NATO. NATO is critical to our mission in Afghanistan. He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight, to figure out what we can do to actually have a stronger presence with NATO in Afghanistan.

You have to look at the entire situation to try to figure out how we can stabilize Afghanistan and begin to put more in there to try to get some kind of success out of it, and you have to work with the Iraqi government so that they take responsibility for their own future.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, I want you to respond to not holding oversight for your subcommittee. But also, do you reserve a right as American president to go back into Iraq, once you have withdrawn, with sizable troops in order to quell any kind of insurrection or civil war?

WINNER Well, first of all, I became chairman of this committee at the beginning of this campaign, at the beginning of 2007. So it is true that we haven't had oversight hearings on Afghanistan.

I have been very clear in talking to the American people about what I would do with respect to Afghanistan.

I think we have to have more troops there to bolster the NATO effort. I think we have to show that we are not maintaining permanent bases in Iraq because Secretary Gates, our current Defense secretary, indicated that we are getting resistance from our allies to put more troops into Afghanistan because they continue to believe that we made a blunder in Iraq and I think even this administration acknowledges now that they are hampered now in doing what we need to do in Afghanistan in part because of what's happened in Iraq.

Now, I always reserve the right for the president -- as commander in chief, I will always reserve the right to make sure that we are looking out for American interests. And if al Qaeda is forming a base in Iraq, then we will have to act in a way that secures the American homeland and our interests abroad. So that is true, I think, not just in Iraq, but that's true in other places. That's part of my argument with respect to Pakistan.

I think we should always cooperate with our allies and sovereign nations in making sure that we are rooting out terrorist organizations, but if they are planning attacks on Americans, like what happened in 9/11, it is my job -- it will be my job as president to make sure that we are hunting them down.

MODERATOR And Senator, I need to reserve --

LOSER Well, but I have -- I just have to add --

MODERATOR I'm sorry, Senator, I've got to --

LOSER Now wait a minute, I have to add --

MODERATOR I've got to get us to a break because television doesn't stop.

LOSER -- because the question -- the question was about invading -- invading -- Iraq.

MODERATOR Can you hold that thought until we come back from a break? We have limited commercial interruptions tonight, and we have to get to one of them now. Despite the snowstorm swirling outside here in Cleveland, we're having a warm night in the arena. We'll return to it right after this. (Laughter, applause.)

(Announcements.)

(Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR We are back, and because our first segment went long and we are in a large arena -- (cheers, applause) -- we are just now welcoming back both of our candidates to the stage and asking our cooperation of the audience.

We're back live tonight in Cleveland, Ohio.

Senator Obama, we started tonight talking about what could be construed as a little hyperbole. Happens from time to time on the campaign trail. You have recently been called out on some yourself. I urge you to look at your monitor and we'll take a look.

LOSER (From videotape.) Now I could stand up here and say Let's just get everybody together. Let's get unified. The sky will open -- (laughter) -- the light will come down -- (laughter) -- celestial choirs will be singing -- (laughter) -- and everyone will know we should do the right thing, and the world will be perfect!

WINNER Sounds good! (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Of all the charges -- (laughter, applause) -- of all the charges and countercharges made tonight, we can confirm that is not you, Senator Obama.

WINNER (Chuckles.)

MODERATOR That was Senator Clinton. But since we played that tape, albeit in error, for this segment, how did you take that?

LOSER (Laughs.)

(Laughter.)

MODERATOR How did you take those remarks when you heard them?

WINNER Well, I thought Senator Clinton showed some good humor there. I would give her points for delivery.

LOSER (Laughs.)

(Laughter.)

WINNER Look, I understand the broader point that Senator Clinton's been trying to make over the last several weeks. You know, she characterizes it typically as speeches, not solutions, or talk versus action. And as I said in the last debate, I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and they're seeking out the American dream. That's how I started my career in public service, that's how I brought Democrats and Republicans together to provide health care to people who needed it, that's how I helped to reform a welfare system that wasn't working in Illinois, that's how I've provided tax breaks to people who really needed them as opposed to just the wealthy, and so I'm very proud of that track record.

And if Senator Clinton thinks that it's all talk, you know, you got to tell that to the wounded warriors at Walter Reed who had to pay for their food and pay for their phone calls before I got to the Senate. And I changed that law. Or talk to those folks who I think have recognized that special interests are dominating Washington and pushing aside the agenda of ordinary families here in Ohio.

And so when I pass an ethics reform bill that makes sure that lobbyists can't get gifts or meals or provide corporate jets to members of Congress and they have to disclose who they're getting money from and who they're bundling it for, that moves us in the direction of making sure that we have a government that is more responsive to families.

Just one point I'll make, I was in Cincinnati, met with four women at a table like this one. And these were middle-aged women who, as one woman put it, had done everything right and never expected to find themselves in the situation where they don't have health care. One of them doesn't have a job. One of them is looking after an aging parent. Two of them were looking after disabled children. One of them was dipping into their retirement accounts because she had been put on disability on the job. And you hear these stories and what you realize is nobody has been listening to them. That is not who George Bush or Dick Cheney has been advocating for over the last seven years.

And so I am not interested in talk. I am not interested in speeches. I would not be running if I wasn't absolutely convinced that I can put an economic agenda forward that is going to provide them with health care, is going to make college more affordable, and is going to get them the kinds of help that they need not to solve all their problems, but at least to be able to achieve the American dream.

MODERATOR Well, let me ask you, Senator Clinton What did you mean by that piece of videotape we saw from the campaign?

LOSER Well, I was having a little fun. You know, it's hard to find time to have fun on the campaign trail, but occasionally you can sneak that in.

But the larger point is that I know trying to get health insurance for every American that's affordable will not be easy. It's not going to come about just because we hope it will or we tell everybody it's the right thing to do. You know, 15 years ago I tangled with the health insurance industry and the drug companies, and I know it takes a fighter. It takes somebody who will go toe-to-toe with the special interests.

You know, I have put forth very specific ideas about how we can get back $55 billion from the special interests -- the giveaways to the oil companies, the credit card companies, the student loan companies, the health insurance companies. These have all been basically pushed on to these special interests not just because of what the White House did, but because members of Congress went along. And I want to get that money back and invest it in the American middle class -- health care, college affordability, the kinds of needs that people talk to me about throughout Ohio, because what I hear as I go from Toledo to Parma to Cleveland to, you know, Dayton is the same litany that people are working harder than ever, but they're not getting ahead. They feel like they're invisible to their government. So when it came time to vote on Dick Cheney's energy bill, I voted no, and Senator Obama voted yes. When it came time to try to cap interest rates for credit cards at 30 percent -- which I think is way too high, but it was the best we could present -- I voted yes and Senator Obama voted no.

MODERATOR And Senator -- Senator --

LOSER So part of what we have to do here is recognize that the special interests are not going to give up without a fight. And I believe that I am a fighter, and I will fight for the people of Ohio and the people of America.

MODERATOR What I was attempting to do here is to show something Senator Obama said about you, and I'm told it's ready.

MODERATOR Let's try it.

MODERATOR Let's try it. Hang on. Watch your monitor.

Let's try it. We're going to come back to you.

WINNER But I'm going to have an opportunity to respond to this.

WINNER (From videotape.) -- herself as co-president during the Clinton years. Every good thing that happened she says she was a part of. And so the notion that you can selectively pick what you take credit for and then run away from what isn't politically convenient, that doesn't make sense.

MODERATOR Now, Senator Obama, you can react to it and whatever you wanted to react to from earlier, but I've been wanting to ask you about this assertion that Senator Clinton has somehow cast herself as co-president.

WINNER Well, I think what is absolutely true is, is that when Senator Clinton continually talks about her experience, she is including the eight years that she served as first lady, and you know, often says, you know, "Here's what I did."

"Here's what we did." "Here's what we accomplished" -- which is fine.

And I have not -- I have not in any way said that that experience is not relevant, and I don't begrudge her claiming that as experience. What I've said, and what I would continue to maintain, is you can't take credit for all the good things that happened but then, when it comes to issues like NAFTA, you say, well, I -- behind the scenes, I was disagreeing. That doesn't work. So you have to, I think, take both responsibility as well as credit.

Now there are several points that I think Senator Clinton made that I -- we need to discuss here. First of all, she talked about me objecting to caps on credit cards. Keep in mind, I objected to the entire bill -- a bill that Senator Clinton, in its previous version, in 2001 had voted for. And in one of the debates with you guys said, well, I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass -- which, as a general rule, doesn't work. If you don't want it to pass, you vote against it. (Laughter.)

You know, she mentioned that she is a fighter on health care. And look -- I do not in any way doubt that Senator Clinton genuinely wants to provide health care to all Americans.

What I have said is that the way she approached it back in '93, I think, was wrong in part because she had the view that what's required is simply to fight. And Senator Clinton ended up fighting not just the insurance companies and the drug companies, but also members of her own party. And as a consequence, there were a number of people, like Jim Cooper of Tennessee and Bill Bradley and Pat Moynihan, who were not included in the negotiations. And we had the potential of bringing people together to actually get something done.

I am absolutely clear that hope is not enough. And it is not going to be easy to pass health care. If it was, it would have already gotten done. It's not going to be easy to have a sensible energy policy in this country. ExxonMobil made $11 billion last quarter. They are not going to give up those profits easily.

But what I also believe is that the only way we are going to actually get this stuff done is, number one, we're going to have to mobilize and inspire the American people so that they're paying attention to what their government is doing. And that's what I've been doing in this campaign, and that's what I will do as president.

And there's nothing romantic or silly about that. If the American people are activated, that's how change is going to happen.

The second thing we've going to have to do is we're actually going to have to go after the special interests.

Senator Clinton in one of these speeches -- it may have been the same speech where you showed the clip -- said you can't just wave a magic wand and expect special interests to go away. That is absolutely true, but it doesn't help if you're taking millions of dollars in contributions from those special interests. They are less likely to go away.

So it is important for us to crack down on how these special interests are able to influence Congress. And yes, it is important for us to inspire and mobilize and motivate the American people to get involved and pay attention.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, let me ask you about motivating, inspiring, keeping your word. Nothing more important. Last year you said if you were the nominee you would opt for public financing in the general election of the campaign; try to get some of the money out. You checked "Yes" on a questionnaire. And now Senator McCain has said, calling your bluff, let's do it. You seem to be waffling, saying, well, if we can work on an arrangement here.

Why won't you keep your word in writing that you made to abide by public financing of the fall election?

WINNER Tim, I am not yet the nominee. Now, what I've said is, is that when I am the nominee, if I am the nominee -- because we've still got a bunch of contests left and Senator Clinton's a pretty tough opponent. If I am the nominee, then I will sit down with John McCain and make sure that we have a system that is fair for both sides, because Tim, as you know, there are all sorts of ways of getting around these loopholes.

Senator McCain is trying to explain some of the things that he has done so far where he accepted public financing money, but people aren't exactly clear whether all the T's were crossed and the I's were dotted.

Now what I want to point out, though, more broadly is how we have approached this campaign. I said very early on I would not take PAC money. I would not take money from federal-registered lobbyists. That -- that was a multimillion-dollar decision but it was the right thing to do and the reason we were able to do that was because I had confidence that the American people, if they were motivated, would in fact finance the campaign.

We have now raised 90 percent of our donations from small donors, $25, $50. We average -- our average donation is $109 so we have built the kind of organization that is funded by the American people that is exactly the goal and the aim of everybody who's interested in good government and politics supports.

MODERATOR So you may opt out of public financing. You may break your word.

WINNER What I -- what I have said is, at the point where I'm the nominee, at the point where it's appropriate, I will sit down with John McCain and make sure that we have a system that works for everybody.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, an issue of accountability and credibility. You have loaned your campaign $5 million. You and your husband file a joint return. You refuse to release that joint return, even though former President Clinton has had significant overseas business dealings.

Your chief supporter here in Ohio, Governor Strickland, made releasing his opponent's tax return one of the primary issues of the campaign, saying repeatedly, "Accountability, transparency." If he's not releasing, his campaign said, his tax return, what is he hiding? We should question what's going on.

Why won't you release your tax return, so the voters of Ohio, Texas, Vermont, Rhode Island know exactly where you and your husband got your money, who might be in part bankrolling your campaign?

LOSER Well, the American people who support me are bankrolling my campaign. That's -- that's obvious. You can look and see the hundreds of thousands of contributions that I've gotten. And ever since I lent my campaign money, people have responded just so generously. I'm thrilled at so many people getting involved. And we're raising, on average, about a million dollars a day on the Internet. And if anybody's out there, wants to contribute, to be part of this campaign, just go to HillaryClinton.com, because that's who's funding my campaign.

And I will release my tax returns. I have consistently said that. And I will --

MODERATOR Why not now?

LOSER Well, I will do it as others have done it upon becoming the nominee, or even earlier, Tim, because I have been as open as I can be.

You have -- the public has 20 years of records for me, and I have very extensive filings with the Senate where --

MODERATOR So, before next Tuesday's primary?

LOSER Well, I can't get it together by then, but I will certainly work to get it together. I'm a little busy right now; I hardly have time to sleep. But I will certainly work toward releasing, and we will get that done and in the public domain.

MODERATOR One other issue. You talked about releasing documents. On January 30th, the National Archives released 10,000 pages of your public schedule as first lady. It's now in the custody of former President Clinton. Will you release that -- again, during this primary season that you claim that eight years of experience, let the public know what you did, who you met with those eight years?

LOSER Absolutely. I've urged that the process be as quick as possible. It's a cumbersome process, set up by law. It doesn't just apply to us, it applies to everyone in our position. And I have urged that our end of it move as expeditiously as we can. Now, also, President Bush claims the right to look at anything that is released, and I would urge the Bush White House to move as quickly as possible.

MODERATOR But you've had it for more than a month. Will you get to him -- will you get it to the White House immediately?

LOSER As soon as we can, Tim. I've urged that, and I hope it will happen.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, one of the things in a campaign is that you have to react to unexpected developments.

On Sunday, the headline in your hometown paper, Chicago Tribune "Louis Farrakhan Backs Obama for President at Nation of Islam Convention in Chicago." Do you accept the support of Louis Farrakhan?

WINNER You know, I have been very clear in my denunciation of Minister Farrakhan's anti-Semitic comments. I think that they are unacceptable and reprehensible. I did not solicit this support. He expressed pride in an African-American who seems to be bringing the country together. I obviously can't censor him, but it is not support that I sought. And we're not doing anything, I assure you, formally or informally with Minister Farrakhan.

MODERATOR Do you reject his support?

WINNER Well, Tim, you know, I can't say to somebody that he can't say that he thinks I'm a good guy. (Laughter.) You know, I -- you know, I -- I have been very clear in my denunciations of him and his past statements, and I think that indicates to the American people what my stance is on those comments.

MODERATOR The problem some voters may have is, as you know, Reverend Farrakhan called Judaism "gutter religion."

WINNER Tim, I think -- I am very familiar with his record, as are the American people. That's why I have consistently denounced it.

This is not something new. This is something that -- I live in Chicago. He lives in Chicago. I've been very clear, in terms of me believing that what he has said is reprehensible and inappropriate. And I have consistently distanced myself from him.

MODERATOR The title of one of your books, "Audacity of Hope," you acknowledge you got from a sermon from Reverend Jeremiah Wright, the head of the Trinity United Church. He said that Louis Farrakhan "epitomizes greatness."

He said that he went to Libya in 1984 with Louis Farrakhan to visit with Moammar Gadhafi and that, when your political opponents found out about that, quote, "your Jewish support would dry up quicker than a snowball in Hell."

MODERATOR What do you do to assure Jewish-Americans that, whether it's Farrakhan's support or the activities of Reverend Jeremiah Wright, your pastor, you are consistent with issues regarding Israel and not in any way suggesting that Farrakhan epitomizes greatness?

WINNER Tim, I have some of the strongest support from the Jewish community in my hometown of Chicago and in this presidential campaign. And the reason is because I have been a stalwart friend of Israel's. I think they are one of our most important allies in the region, and I think that their security is sacrosanct, and that the United States is in a special relationship with them, as is true with my relationship with the Jewish community.

And the reason that I have such strong support is because they know that not only would I not tolerate anti-Semitism in any form, but also because of the fact that what I want to do is rebuild what I consider to be a historic relationship between the African-American community and the Jewish community.

You know, I would not be sitting here were it not for a whole host of Jewish Americans, who supported the civil rights movement and helped to ensure that justice was served in the South. And that coalition has frayed over time around a whole host of issues, and part of my task in this process is making sure that those lines of communication and understanding are reopened.

But, you know, the reason that I have such strong support in the Jewish community and have historically -- it was true in my U.S. Senate campaign and it's true in this presidency -- is because the people who know me best know that I consistently have not only befriended the Jewish community, not only have I been strong on Israel, but, more importantly, I've been willing to speak out even when it is not comfortable.

When I was -- just last point I would make -- when I was giving -- had the honor of giving a sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in conjunction with Martin Luther King's birthday in front of a large African-American audience, I specifically spoke out against anti- Semitism within the African-American community. And that's what gives people confidence that I will continue to do that when I'm president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator...

LOSER I just want to add something here, because I faced a similar situation when I ran for the Senate in 2000 in New York. And in New York, there are more than the two parties, Democratic and Republican. And one of the parties at that time, the Independence Patty, was under the control of people who were anti-Semitic, anti- Israel. And I made it very clear that I did not want their support. I rejected it. I said that it would not be anything I would be comfortable with. And it looked as though I might pay a price for that. But I would not be associated with people who said such inflammatory and untrue charges against either Israel or Jewish people in our country.

And, you know, I was willing to take that stand, and, you know, fortunately the people of New York supported me and I won. But at the time, I thought it was more important to stand on principle and to reject the kind of conditions that went with support like that.

MODERATOR Are you suggesting Senator Obama is not standing on principle?

LOSER No. I'm just saying that you asked specifically if he would reject it. And there's a difference between denouncing and rejecting. And I think when it comes to this sort of, you know, inflammatory -- I have no doubt that everything that Barack just said is absolutely sincere. But I just think, we've got to be even stronger. We cannot let anyone in any way say these things because of the implications that they have, which can be so far reaching.

WINNER Tim, I have to say I don't see a difference between denouncing and rejecting. There's no formal offer of help from Minister Farrakhan that would involve me rejecting it. But if the word "reject" Senator Clinton feels is stronger than the word "denounce," then I'm happy to concede the point, and I would reject and denounce.

LOSER Good. Good. Excellent.



MODERATOR Rare audience outburst on the agreement over rejecting and renouncing.

We're going to take advantage of this opportunity to take the second of our limited breaks. We'll be back live from Cleveland right after this.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR We are back from Cleveland State University. We continue with our debate.

The question beginning this segment is for you, Senator Obama.

The National Journal rates your voting record as more liberal than that of Ted Kennedy.

In a general election, going up against a Republican Party, looking for converts, Republicans, independents, how can you run with a more liberal voting record than Ted Kennedy?

WINNER Well, first of all, let's take a look at what the National Journal rated us on.

It turned out that Senator Clinton and I had differences on two votes. The first was on an immigration issue, where the question was whether guest workers could come here, work for two years, go back for a year, and then come back and work for another two years, which meant essentially that you were going to have illegal immigrants for a year, because they wouldn't go back, and I thought it was bad policy.

The second -- and this, I think, is telling in terms of how silly these ratings are -- I supported an office of public integrity, an independent office that would be able to monitor ethics investigations in the Senate, because I thought it was important for the public to know that if there were any ethical violations in the Senate, that they weren't being investigated by the Senators themselves, but there was somebody independent who would do it.

This is something that I've tried to push as part of my ethics package.

WINNER It was rejected. And according to the National Journal, that position is a liberal position.

Now, I don't think that's a liberal position. I think there are a lot of Republicans and a lot of Independents who would like to make sure that ethic investigations are not conducted by the people who are potentially being investigated. So the categories don't make sense.

And part of the reason I think a lot of people have been puzzled, why is it that Senator Obama's campaign, the supposed liberal, is attracting more Independent votes than any other candidate in the Democratic primary, and Republican votes as well, and then people are scratching their head? It's because people don't want to go back to those old categories of what's liberal and what's conservative.

They want to see who is making sense, who's fighting for them, who's going to go after the special interests, who is going to champion the issues of health care and making college affordable, and making sure that we have a foreign policy that makes sense? That's what I've been doing, and that's why, you know, the proof is in the pudding. We've been attracting more Independent and Republican support than anybody else, and that's why every poll shows that right now I beat John McCain in a match-up in the general election.

MODERATOR Let's go from domestic to foreign affairs and Tim Russert.

MODERATOR Before the primary on Tuesday, on Sunday, March 2, there's an election in Russia for the successor to President Putin. What can you tell me about the man who's going to be Mr. Putin's successor?

LOSER Well, I can tell you that he's a hand-picked successor, that he is someone who is obviously being installed by Putin, who Putin can control, who has very little independence, the best we know. You know, there's a lot of information still to be acquired. That the so-called opposition was basically run out of the political opportunity to wage a campaign against Putin's hand-picked successor, and the so-called leading opposition figure spends most of his time praising Putin. So this is a clever but transparent way for Putin to hold on to power, and it raises serious issues about how we're going to deal with Russia going forward.

I have been very critical of the Bush administration for what I believe to have been an incoherent policy toward Russia. And with the reassertion of Russia's role in Europe, with some of the mischief that they seem to be causing in supporting Iran's nuclear ambitions, for example, it's imperative that we begin to have a more realistic and effective strategy toward Russia. But I have no doubt, as president, even though technically the meetings may be with the man who is labeled as president, the decisions will be made by Putin.

MODERATOR Who will it be? Do you know his name?

LOSER Medvedev -- whatever.

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, do you know anything about him?

WINNER Well, I think Senator Clinton speaks accurately about him. He is somebody who was hand-picked by Putin. Putin has been very clear that he will continue to have the strongest hand in Russia in terms of running the government. And, you know, it looks -- just think back to the beginning of President Bush's administration when he said -- you know, he met with Putin, looked into his eyes and saw his soul, and figured he could do business with him.

He then proceeded to neglect our relationship with Russia at a time when Putin was strangling any opposition in the country when he was consolidating power, rattling sabers against his European neighbors, as well as satellites of the former Soviet Union. And so we did not send a signal to Mr. Putin that, in fact, we were going to be serious about issues like human rights, issues like international cooperation that were critical to us. That is something that we have to change.

MODERATOR He's 42 years old, he's a former law professor. He is Mr. Putin's campaign manager. He is going to be the new president of Russia. And if he says to the Russian troops, you know what, why don't you go help Serbia retake Kosovo, what does President Obama do?

WINNER Well, I think that we work with the international community that has also recognized Kosovo, and state that that's unacceptable. But, fortunately, we have a strong international structure anchored in NATO to deal with this issue.

We don't have to work in isolation. And this is an area where I think that the Clinton administration deserves a lot of credit, is, you know, the way in which they put together a coalition that has functioned.

WINNER It has not been perfect, but it saved lives. And we created a situation in which not only Kosovo, but other parts of the former Yugoslavia at least have the potential to over time build democracies and enter into the broader European community.

But, you know, be very clear We have recognized the country of Kosovo as an independent, sovereign nation, as has Great Britain and many other countries in the region. And I think that that carries with it, then, certain obligations to ensure that they are not invaded.

MODERATOR Before you go, each of you have talked about your careers in public service. Looking back through them, is there any words or vote that you'd like to take back?

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, obviously, I've said many times that, although my vote on the 2002 authorization regarding Iraq was a sincere vote, I would not have voted that way again.

I would certainly, as president, never have taken us to war in Iraq. And I regret deeply that President Bush waged a preemptive war, which I warned against and said I disagreed with.

But I think that this election has to be about the future. It has to be about what we will do now, how we will deal with what we're going to inherit.

You know, we've just been talking about Russia. We could have gone around the world. We could have gone to Latin America and talked about, you know, the retreat from democracy. We could have talked about Africa and the failure to end the genocide in Darfur.

We could have gone on to talk about the challenge that China faces and the Middle East, which is deteriorating under the pressures of Hamas, Hezbollah, and the interference that is putting Israel's security at stake.

We could have done an entire program, Tim, on what we will inherit from George Bush.

And what I believe is that my experience and my unique qualifications on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue equip me to handle with the problems of today and tomorrow and to be prepared to make those tough decisions in dealing with Putin and others, because we have so much work to do, and we don't have much time to try to make up for our losses.

MODERATOR But to be clear, you'd like to have your vote back?

LOSER Absolutely. I've said that many times.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, any statements or vote you'd like to take back?

WINNER Well, you know, when I first arrived in the Senate that first year, we had a situation surrounding Terri Schiavo. And I remember how we adjourned with a unanimous agreement that eventually allowed Congress to interject itself into that decisionmaking process of the families.

It wasn't something I was comfortable with, but it was not something that I stood on the floor and stopped. And I think that was a mistake, and I think the American people understood that that was a mistake. And as a constitutional law professor, I knew better.

And so that's an example I think of where inaction...

MODERATOR This is the young woman with the feeding tube...

WINNER That's exactly right.

MODERATOR ... and the family disagreed as to whether it should be removed or not.

WINNER And I think that's an example of inaction, and sometimes that can be as costly as action.

But let me say this, since we're wrapping up this debate. We have gone through 20 debates now. And, you know, there is still a lot of fight going on in this contest, and we've got four coming up, and maybe more after that.

But the one thing I'm absolutely clear about is Senator Clinton has campaigned magnificently. She is an outstanding public servant. And I'm very proud to have been campaigning with her.

And part of what I think both of us are interested in, regardless of who wins the nomination, is actually delivering for the American people.

You know, there is a vanity aspect and ambition aspect to politics. But when you spend as much time as Senator Clinton and I have spent around the country, and you hear heartbreaking story after heartbreaking story, and you realize that people's expectations are so modest.

You know, they're not looking for government to solve all of their problems. They just want a little bit of a hand-up to keep them in their homes if they're about to be foreclosed upon, or to make sure their kids can go to college to live out the American dream.

You know, it is absolutely critical that we change how business is done in Washington and we remind ourselves of what government is supposed to be about.

And, you know, I have a lot of confidence that whoever ends up being the nominee that the Democratic standard-bearer will try to restore that sense of public service to our government. That's why I think we're both running, and I'm very pleased that I've had this opportunity to run with Senator Clinton.

MODERATOR But the voters can only choose one, Brian.

MODERATOR And I think you have a question.

MODERATOR Well, we don't have such thing in our format as a closing statement, but I am going to ask a closing and fundamental question of you both. And I'll ask it of you fist, Senator Obama.

What is the fundamental question you believe Senator Clinton must answer along the way to the voters here in Ohio and in Texas, and for that matter across the country, in order to prove her worthiness as the nominee? And then we will ask the same question of Senator Clinton.

WINNER I have to say, Brian, I think she is -- she would be worthy as a nominee. Now, I think I'd be better. Otherwise, I wouldn't be running. But there's no doubt that Senator Clinton is qualified and capable and would be a much better president than John McCain, who I respect and I honor his service to this country, but essentially has tethered himself to the failed policies of George Bush over the last seven years.

On economics, he wants to continue tax cuts to the wealthy that we can't afford, and on foreign policy he wants to continue a war that not only can we not afford in terms of money, but we can't afford in terms of lives and is not making us more safe. We can't afford it in terms of strategy.

So I don't think that Senator Clinton has to answer a question as to whether she's capable of being president or our standard bearer.

I will say this, that the reason I think I'm better as the nominee is that I can bring this country together I think in a unique way, across divisions of race, religion, region. And that is what's going to be required in order for us to actually deliver on the issues that both Senator Clinton and I care so much about.

And I also think I have a track record, starting from the days I moved to Chicago as a community organizer, when I was in my 20s, on through my work in state government, on through my work as a United States senator, I think I bring a unique bias in favor of opening up government, pushing back special interests, making government more accountable so that the American people can have confidence that their voice is being heard.

Those are things -- those are qualities that I bring to this race, and I hope that the people of Ohio, Texas, Rhode Island and Vermont decide that those are qualities that they need in the next president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, same question, and that is again -- is there a fundamental question Senator Obama must answer to the voters in this state and others as to his worthiness?

LOSER Well, Brian, there isn't any doubt that, you know, both of us feel strongly about our country, that we bring enormous energy and commitment to this race and would bring that to the general election and to the White House.

As I said last week, you know, it's been an honor to campaign. I still intend to do everything I can to win, but it has been an honor, because it has been a campaign that is history making.

You know, obviously I am thrilled to be running, to be the first woman president, which I think would be a sea change in our country and around the world, and would give enormous...



... you know, enormous hope and, you know, a real challenge to the way things have been done, and who gets to do them, and what the rules are.

So I feel that either one of us will make history.

The question that I have been posing is, who can actually change the country? And I do believe that my experience over 35 years in the private sector as well as the public and the not-for-profit sector, gives me an understanding and an insight into how best to make the changes that we all know we have to see.

You know, when I wasn't successful about getting universal health care, I didn't give up. I just got to work and helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program. And, you know, today in Ohio 140,000 kids have health insurance. And yet this morning in Lorain, a mother said that she spent with the insurance and everything over $3 million taking care of her daughter, who had a serious accident. And she just looked at me, as so many mothers and fathers have over so many years, and said, "will you help us?"

That's what my public life has been about. I want to help the people of this country get the chances they deserve to have. And I will do whatever I can here in Ohio, in Texas, Rhode Island, in the states to come making that case. Because I think we do need a fighter back in the White House.

You know, the wealthy and the well-connected have had a president. It's time we had a president for the middle class and working people, the people who get up every day and do the very best they can. And they deserve somebody who gets up in that White House and goes to bat for them.

And that's what I will do.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

MODERATOR And we have given the candidates the opportunity to make opening statements. The order was determined by a draw. Senator Obama won the draw and elected to go second, so please go ahead, Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, thank you.

And I am just delighted to be back here in Austin. You know, nearly 36 years ago I came to Austin for my very first political job, and that was registering voters in south Texas. And I had the great privilege of living for a while in Austin and in San Antonio, and meeting people and making friends that have stayed with me for a lifetime. And I found that we had a lot in common, a lot of shared values -- a belief that hard work is important, that self-reliance and individual responsibility count for a lot.

And among the people whom I got to know who became not only friends, but heroes, were Barbara Jordan, who taught me a lot about courage. And today -- (applause) -- today would actually be her birthday. And I remember all the time about how she got up every single morning facing almost insurmountable odds to do what she did. And another was my great friend Ann Richards, who taught me so much -- (cheers, applause) -- about determination.

You know, Ann was a great champion for the people of Texas. She also reminded us that every so often, it's good to have a laugh about what it is we're engaged in.

And as I think back on those years, and the work that I've done ever since, you know, for me, politics is about making real differences in people's lives. And I'm very, very proud that over these years, I have been able to make a difference in the lives of people in Texas, Ohio and elsewhere.

You know, 350,000 children in Texas get health care every month, because I helped to start the Children's Health Insurance Program. (Applause.) And 21,000 National Guard and Reserve members get access to health care, because I went across the party line and joined up with a Republican senator to make that happen.

So there's a lot that we've already done, but there's so much more to do. I want to take on the tough issues that face us now. I want to stop the health insurance companies from discriminating against people because they're sick. You know, it's unconstitutional to discriminate on the basis of race or gender or ethnic origin or religion, but it's okay to discriminate against sick people. And we're going to end that, because it's time we said, "No more." (Applause.)

And I want to continue the work that I've done in the Senate to take care of our veterans. It was shocking and shameful what happened, that we discovered about a year ago at Walter Reed. We can do so much better to take care of the people who have taken care of us.

And there is a lot of work ahead. I offer a lifetime of experience and proven results. And I know that if we work together, we can take on the special interests, transfer $55 billion of all those giveaways and subsidies that President Bush has given them back to the middle class to create jobs and provide health care and make college affordable -- (applause) -- and I ask you -- I ask you to join in my campaign.

It's now up to the people of Texas, Ohio and the other states ahead. So if you'll be part of this campaign, which is really your campaign about your futures, your families, your jobs and your health care, we'll continue to make a difference for America.

Thank you all very much. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, first of all, thank you so much to the University of Texas for hosting us, and it's a great honor to share the stage once again with Senator Clinton. I've said before that we've been friends before this campaign started; we will be friends afterwards -- unified to bring about changes in this country.

You know, we are at a defining moment in our history. Our nation is at war, and our economy is increasingly in shambles. And the families of Texas and all across America are feeling the brunt of that failing economy.

This week I met a couple in San Antonio who have, as a consequence of entering into a predatory loan, are on the brink of foreclosure, and are actually seeing them having to cut back on their medical expenses because their mortgage doubled in two weeks.

I've met a young woman who gets three hours of sleep a night because she has to work the night shift even as she's going to school full time, and still can't afford to provide the health care for her sister, who's ill.

In Youngstown, Ohio, I've talked to workers who have seen their plant shipped overseas as a consequence of bad trade deals like NAFTA, literally seeing equipment unbolted from the floors of factories and shipped to China, resulting in devastating job losses and communities completely falling apart.

And all across America I'm meeting not just veterans, but also the parents of those who have fallen. One mother in Green Bay gave me this bracelet in memory of a 20-year-old son who had been killed in a roadside bomb as a consequence of a war that I believe should have never been authorized and should have never been waged, and that has cost us billions of dollars that could have been invested here in the United States, in roads and bridges and infrastructure and making sure that young people can go to college, and that those who need health care actually get it.

Now, Senator Clinton -- (applause) -- and I have been talking about these issues for the last 13 months. And we both offer detailed proposals to try to deal with them. Some of them are the same; some, we have differences of opinion on. But I think we both recognize that these problems have to be dealt with, and that we've seen an administration, over the last seven years, that has failed to address them, in many ways has made them worse.

But understand that what's lacking right now is not good ideas. The problem we have is that Washington has become a place where good ideas go to die. (Applause.) They go to die, because lobbyists and special interests have a stranglehold on the agenda in Washington. They go to die in Washington, because too many politicians are interested in scoring political points rather than bridging differences in order to get things done.

And so the central premise of this campaign is that we can bring this country together, that we can push against the special interests that have come to dominate the agenda in Washington, that we can be straight with the American people about how we're going to solve these problems, and enlist them in taking back their government.

You know, Senator Clinton mentioned Barbara Jordan, somebody who was an inspiration to me and so many people throughout the country, and she said that what the American people want is very simple. They want an America that is as good as its promise. I'm running for president because I want to help America be as good as its promise.

Thank you very much. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right, Senator Obama, thank you. And let's begin with questions.

Jorge Ramos.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. (Speaks in Spanish.) Thank you so much for being with us, and let me start with a little news.

After nearly half a century in office Fidel Castro resigned as the head of the Cuban government. Ninety miles off the coast of the United States we might have a new opportunity.

A question for you, Senator Clinton. Would you be willing to sit down with Raul Castro or whoever leads the Cuban dictatorship when you take office at least just once to get a measure of the man?

LOSER Well, Jorge, I hope we have an opportunity. The people of Cuba deserve to have a democracy, and this gives the Cuban government under Raul Castro a chance to change direction from the one that was set for 50 years by his brother.

I'm going to be looking for some of those changes -- releasing political prisoners, ending some of the oppressive practices on the press, opening up the economy. Of course the United States stands ready, and as president I would be ready, to reach out and work with a new Cuban government once it demonstrated that it truly was going to change that direction. I want to bring the region together, our European allies who have influence with Cuba, to try to push for some of those changes, and to make it very clear that if Cuba moves toward democracy and freedom for its people the United States will welcome that. And as president, I would look for opportunities to try to make that happen and to create the momentum that might eventually lead to a presidential visit. But there has to be evidence that, indeed, the changes are real, that they're taking place, and that the Cuban people will finally be given an opportunity to have their future determined by themselves.

MODERATOR Very simply, would you meet with him or not, with Raul Castro?

LOSER I -- I would not meet with him until there was evidence that change was happening because I think it's important that they demonstrate clearly that they are committed to change the direction.

Then I think, you know, something like diplomatic encounters and negotiations over specifics could take place.

But we've had this conversation before, Senator Obama and myself, and I believe that we should have full diplomatic engagement, where appropriate. But a presidential visit should not be offered and given without some evidence that it will demonstrate the kind of progress that is in our interest and, in this case, in the interest of the Cuban people. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, just to follow up, you had said in a previous CNN debate that you would meet with the leaders of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, among others. So presumably you would be willing to meet with the new leader of Cuba.

WINNER That's correct. Now, keep in mind that the starting point for our policy in -- in Cuba should be the liberty of the Cuban people. And I think we recognize that that liberty has not existed throughout the Castro regime. And we now have an opportunity to potentially change the relationship between the United States and Cuba, after over half a century.

I would meet without preconditions, although Senator Clinton is right that there has to be preparation. It is very important for us to make sure that there was an agenda and on that agenda was human rights, releasing of political prisoners, opening up the press. And that preparation might take some time.

But I do think that it is important for the United States not just to talk to its friends but also to talk to its enemies.

In fact, that's where diplomacy makes the biggest difference. (Applause.)

One other thing that I've said as a show of good faith, that we're interested in pursuing potentially a new relationship, what I've called for is a loosening of the restrictions on remittances from family members to the people of Cuba as well as travel restrictions for family members who want to visit their family members in Cuba. And I think that initiating that change in policy as a start and then suggesting that an agenda get set up is something that could be useful, but I would not normalize relations until we started seeing some of the progress that Senator Clinton talked about.

MODERATOR But that's different from your position back in 2003. You called U.S. policy towards Cuba a miserable failure, and you supported normalizing relations. So you've back-tracked now.

WINNER Well, the -- I support the eventual normalization, and it's absolutely true that I think our policy has been a failure.

I mean, the fact is is that during my entire lifetime -- and Senator Clinton's entire lifetime you essentially have seen a Cuba that has been isolated but has not made progress when it comes to the issues of political rights and personal freedoms that are so important to the people of Cuba.

So I think that we have to shift policy. I think our goal has to be ultimately normalization, but that's going to happen in steps.

And the first step, as I said, is changing our rules with respect to remittances and with respect to travel. And then I think it is important for us to have the direct contact not just in Cuba, but I think this principle applies generally. I'm -- I recall what John F. Kennedy once said, that we should never negotiate out of fear, but we should never fear to negotiate. And this moment, this opportunity when Fidel Castro has finally stepped down I think is one that we should try to take advantage of. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, do you want a quick response?

LOSER Well, I agree absolutely that we should be willing to have diplomatic negotiations and processes with anyone. I've been a strong advocate of opening up such a diplomatic process with Iran for a number of years because I think we should look for ways that we can possibly move countries that are adversarial to us, you know, toward the world community. It's in our interest. It's in the interests of the people in countries that, frankly, are oppressed, like Cuba, like Iran.

But there has been this difference between us over when and whether the president should offer a meeting without preconditions with those with whom we do not have diplomatic relations, and it should be part of a process. But I don't think it should be offered in the beginning because I think that undermines the capacity for us to actually take the measure of somebody like Raul Castro or Ahmadinejad and others.

And as President Kennedy said, he wouldn't be afraid to negotiate but he would expect there to be a lot of preparatory work done, to find out exactly what we would get out of it.

And therefore I do think we should be eliminating the policy of the Bush administration, which has been very narrowly defined and frankly against our interests, because we have failed to reach out to countries. We have alienated our friends and we have emboldened our enemies.

So I would get back to very vigorous diplomacy and I would use bipartisan diplomacy. I would ask emissaries from both political parties to represent me and our country. Because I want to send a very clear message, to the rest of the world, that the era of unilateralism, preemption and arrogance, of the Bush administration, is over. And we're going to start working together. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Okay. Very briefly, and then we're going to move on.

WINNER I think, as I've said before, preparation is actually absolutely critical in any meeting. And I think it is absolutely true that either of us would step back from some of the Bush unilateralism that's caused so much damage.

But I do think it is important, precisely because the Bush administration has done so much damage to American foreign relations, that the president take a more active role in diplomacy than might have been true 20 or 30 years ago.

Because the problem isn't -- is if we think that meeting with the president is a privilege that has to be earned, I think that reinforces the sense that we stand above the rest of the world at this point in time, and I think that it's important for us, in undoing the damage that has been done over the last seven years, for the president to be willing to take that extra step. That's the kind of step that I would like to take as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR A question now on the economy. John King.

KING Campbell noted -- Senators, good evening, first. I want to bring the conversation back home.

You know from your travels, you don't need to look at the polls or anything else, that the economy is by far now the dominant issue that voters want to hear about from the candidates, and for some that's a question about what should we do about an economy that is at the edge or perhaps in the early stages of a recession. For some, it's more focused; maybe it's will you raise the minimum wage, maybe it is about trade deals that they think leave them on the raw end, as you mentioned in your opening statement, Senator Obama. But when we asked Democrats how are these two candidates different, many of them say they don't know.

So Senator Obama, beginning with you, tell us as specifically as you can how would a President Obama be different than a President Clinton in managing the nation's economy.

WINNER Well, first of all, let me emphasize the point that you just made, which is you don't need an economist or the Federal Reserve to tell the American people that the economy's in trouble because they've been experiencing it for years now.

Everywhere you go, you meet people who are working harder for less.

Wages and incomes have flatlined. People are seeing escalating costs from -- of everything from health care to gas at the pump. And so people have been struggling for a long time, and in some communities they have been struggling for decades now. So this has to be a priority of the next president.

Now, what I've said is that we have to restore a sense of fairness and balance to our economy, and that means a couple of things.

Number one, with our tax code, we've got to stop giving tax breaks to companies that are shipping jobs overseas and invest those tax breaks in companies that are investing here in the United States of America. (Applause.) We have to end the Bush tax cuts to the wealthy -- (cheers, applause) -- and to provide tax breaks to middle- class Americans and working Americans who need them. So I've said that if you are making $75,000 a year or less, I want to give a(n) offset to your payroll tax that will mean a thousand extra dollars in the pockets of ordinary Americans. Senior citizens making less than 50,000 (dollars), you shouldn't have to pay income tax on your Social Security. We pay for these by closing tax loopholes and tax havens that are being manipulated.

On our trade deals, I think it is absolutely critical that we engage in trade, but it has to be viewed not just through the lens of Wall Street, but also Main Street, which means we've got strong labor standards and strong environmental standards, and safety standards so we don't have toys being shipped into the United States with lead paint on them. (Applause.)

Now -- so that's -- these are all issues that I've -- I've talked about repeatedly.

And I think there are also opportunities in our economy around creating a green economy. We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addition to foreign oil. And for us to move rapidly to cap greenhouse gases, generate billions of dollars that we can reinvest in solar and wind and biodiesel -- that can put people back to work. (Applause.)

So the -- now, I don't want to take too much time, and I'm sure we'll be able to spend more time discussing this.

Senator Clinton and I, I think, both agree on many of these issues. And I think it's a credit to the Democratic Party as a whole that the other candidates who were involved earlier on agreed with us on many of these issues. I think that there is a -- a real, solid agenda for moving change forward in the next presidency. The question people are going to have to ask is, how do we get it done? And it is my strong belief that the changes are only going to come about if we're able to form a working coalition for change, because people who are benefiting from the current code are going to resist, the special interests and lobbyists are going to resist. And I think it has to be a priority for whoever the next president is to be able to overcome the dominance of the special interests in Washington, to bring about the kinds of economic changes that I'm talking about, and that's an area where Senator Clinton and I may have a slight difference.

But I'm happy to let her speak first, and then can pick up on anything that's been left out. (Applause.)

KING Let's give Senator Clinton that opportunity then.

As you have campaigned, Senator, on this issue and others but specifically on this issue, you have said, I am ready on day one to take charge of the economy. The clear implication, since you have one opponent at the moment, is that you're ready; he's not.

What would you do differently on day one than a President Obama would when it comes to managing the nation's economy?

LOSER Well, I would agree with a lot that Senator Obama just said, because it is the Democratic agenda.

We are going to rid the tax code of these loopholes and giveaways. We're going to stop giving a penny of your money to anybody who ships a job out of Texas, Ohio or anywhere else to another country. We're certainly going to begin to get the tax code to reflect what the needs of middle class families are, so we can rebuild a strong and prosperous middle class.

The wealthy and the well-connected have had a president for the last seven years. And I think it's time that the rest of America had a president who works for you every single day. (Cheers, applause.)

We will also have a different approach toward trade. We're going to start having trade agreements that not only have strong environmental and labor standards, but I want to have a trade timeout.

We're going to look and see what's working, what's not working. And I'd like to have a trade prosecutor to actually enforce the trade agreements that we have before we enter into any others.

We're also going to put much tougher standards in place so that people cannot import toys with lead paint, contaminated pet food, contaminated drugs into our market. We're going to have a much more vigorous enforcement of safety standards.

Now, in addition, there are steps I would take immediately. One is on this foreclosure crisis. I have been saying for nearly a year we had to crack down on the abusive practices of the lenders. But we also need a moratorium on home foreclosures. Everywhere I go, I meet people who either have been or are about to lose their home -- 85,000 homes in foreclosure in Texas, 90,000 in Ohio. I've met the families the hairdresser, the single mom who's going to lose her home; the postal worker who got really hoodwinked into an agreement that wasn't fair to him. So I would put a moratorium for 90 days to give us time to work out a way for people to stay in their homes, and I would freeze interest rates for five years because these adjustable-rate mortgages, if they keep going up, millions of Americans are going to be homeless -- (applause) -- and vacant homes will be across the neighborhoods of Texas and America.

Now, in addition, there are three ways we need to jumpstart the economy. Clean green jobs -- I've been promoting this. I wanted it to be part of the stimulus package.

I thought a $5 billion investment in clean green jobs would put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work helping to create our future. We also need to invest in our infrastructure. We don't have enough roads to take care of the congestion. We have crumbling bridges and tunnels. We need to rebuild America, and that will also put people to work.

And finally, we need to end George Bush's war on science, which has been waged -- (cheers, applause) -- (off mike).

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

And we've got a lot of ground to cover --

LOSER So I want to think about how we fund the future. We've got to get back to being the innovation nation. Think of everything that goes on at this great university to create the new economy -- (cheers, applause).

MODERATOR All right, Senator Clinton, thank you very much.

As I was saying, we've got a lot to get through, so I do want to shift gears and go on to another topic especially important here in Texas, which is immigration.

And Jorge, you have a question.

MODERATOR (Speaks in Spanish.) Federal raids by immigration enforcement officials on homes and businesses have generated a great deal of fear and anxiety in the Hispanic community and have divided the family of some of the 3 million U.S.-born children who have at least one undocumented parent.

Would you consider stopping these raids once you take office until comprehensive immigration reform can be passed?

LOSER I would consider that, except in egregious situations where it would be appropriate to take the actions you're referring to. But when we see what's been happening with literally babies being left with no one to take care of them, children coming home from school, no responsible adult left -- that is not the America that I know.

That is against American values. (Applause.) And it is -- it is a stark admission of failure by the federal government.

We need comprehensive immigration reform. I have been for this. I signed on to the first comprehensive bill back in 2004. I've been advocating for it. Tougher, more secure borders -- of course. But let's do it the right way cracking down on employers, especially once we get to comprehensive immigration reform, who exploit undocumented workers and drive down wages for everyone else. I'd like to see more federal help for communities like Austin and others, like Laredo where I was this morning, that absorb the health care, education and law enforcement costs. And I personally, as president, would work with our neighbors to the south to help them create more jobs for their own people.

And finally, we need a path to legalization to bring the immigrants out of the shadows, give them the conditions that we expect them to meet paying a fine for coming here illegally, trying to pay back taxes over time, and learning English. If they had committed a crime in our country or the country they came from, then they should be deported. But for everyone else, there must be a path to legalization. I would introduce that in the first 100 days of my presidency. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, is your position the same as Hillary Clinton's?

WINNER You know, there are a couple of things I would add. Comprehensive immigration reform is something that I've worked on extensively. Two years ago we were able to get a bill out of the Senate. I was one of a group of senators that helped to move it through, but it died in the House this year. Because it was used as a political football instead of a way of solving a problem, nothing happened.

And so there are a couple of things that I would just add to what Senator Clinton said. Number one, it is absolutely critical that we tone down the rhetoric when it comes to the immigration debate, because there has been an undertone that has been ugly. Oftentimes it has been directed at the Hispanic community. We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate, as it's been conducted in Washington, and that is unacceptable.

We are a nation of laws and we are a nation of immigrants, and we can reconcile those two things.

So we need comprehensive reform -- (applause) -- we need comprehensive reform, and that means stronger border security. It means that we are cracking down on employers that are taking advantage of undocumented workers because they can't complain if they're not paid a minimum wage, they can't complain if they're not getting overtime, worker safety laws are not being observed. We have to crack down on those employers, although we also have to make sure that we do it in a way that doesn't lead to people with Spanish surnames being discriminated against. So there's got to be a -- a -- a safeguard there.

We have to require that undocumented workers, who are provided a pathway to citizenship, not only learn English, pay back taxes and pay a significant fine, but also that they're going to the back of the line, so that they're not getting citizenship before those who have applied legally, which raises two last points.

Number one, it is important that we fix the legal immigration system, because right now we've got a backlog that means years for people to apply legally. (Applause.) And what's worse is, we keep on increasing the fees, so that if you've got a hard-working immigrant family, they've got to hire a lawyer; they've got to pay thousands of dollars in fees. They just can't afford it, and it's discriminatory against people, who have good character, we should want in this country, but don't have the money. So we've got to fix that.

The second thing is, we have to improve our relationship with Mexico and work with the Mexican government, so that their economy is producing jobs on that side of the border. (Applause.)

And the problem that we have, the problem that we have, is that we have had an administration that came in promising all sorts of leadership on creating a U.S.-Mexican relationship. And frankly President Bush dropped the ball. He has been so obsessed with Iraq that we have not seen the kinds of outreach and cooperative work that would ensure that the Mexican economy is working, not just for the very wealthy in Mexico but for all people.

And that's a policy that I'm going to change when I'm president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right, Senator Obama.

We're going to stay with this topic. I want to have John King ask another question. Go ahead, John.

KING I want to stay on the issue, but move to a controversial item that was not held up when the immigration debate collapsed in Washington, and that is the border fence. To many Americans, it is a simple question of sovereignty and security

America should be able to keep people out that it doesn't want in. But as you know, in this state, especially if you go to the south of here along the border, and in other border states, to many people it's a much more personal question. It could be a question of their livelihood. It could be a question of cross-border trade. It might be an issue to a rancher of property rights. It might be a simple question of whether someone can take a walk or a short drive to see their family members.

Senator, back in 2006 you voted for the construction of that fence. As you know, progress has been slow. As president of the United States, would you commit tonight that you will finish the fence and speed up the construction, or do you think it's time for a president of the United States to raise his or her hand and say, you know what, wait a minute, let's think about this again; do we really want to do this?

LOSER Well, I think both Senator Obama and I voted for that as part of the immigration debate.

And having been along the border for the last week or so -- in fact, last night I was at the University of Texas at Brownsville, and this is how absurd this has become under the Bush administration because, you know, there is a smart way to protect our borders and there is a dumb way to protect our borders. (Laughter, applause.)

And what I learned last night, when I was there with Congressman Ortiz, is that the University of Texas at Brownsville would have part of its campus cut off.

This is the kind of absurdity that we're getting from this administration. I know it because I've been fighting with them about the northern border. Their imposition of passports and other kinds of burdens are separating people from families, interfering with business and commerce and movement of goods and people.

So what I've said is that I would say, wait a minute. We need to review this. There may be places where a physical barrier is appropriate. I think when both of us voted for this we were voting for the possibility that where it was appropriate and made sense it would be considered, but as with so much, the Bush administration has gone off the deep end, and they are unfortunately coming up with a plan that I think is counterproductive.

So I would have a review. I would listen to the people who live along the border, who understand what it is we need to be doing to protect our country. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Let me go on and --

Sorry, John.

KING But does that mean that you think your vote was wrong or the implementation of it was wrong, because, as you know, when they first built the fence in the San Diego area it only went so far, and what it did was it stopped the people coming straight up the path of where that was built and they simply moved, and California's problem became Arizona's problem.

LOSER But you know, John, there is -- there's a lot we've learned about technology and smart fencing. You know, there is technology that can be used instead of a physical barrier. It requires us having enough personnel along the border, so that people can be supervising a certain limited amount of space and will be able to be responsive in the event of, you know, people attempting to cross illegally.

And -- and I think that the way that the Bush administration is going about this, filing eminent domain actions against landowners and municipalities, makes no sense.

So what I have said is, yes, there are places when, after a careful review -- again, listening to the people who live along the border -- there may be limited places where it would work.

But let's deploy more technology and personnel instead of the physical barrier. I frankly think that will work better, and it will give us an opportunity to secure our borders without interfering with family relations, business relations, recreation and so much else that makes living along the border, you know, wonderful.

MODERATOR All right --

LOSER And the people who live there need to have a president who understands it, will listen to them and be responsive.

MODERATOR All right, Senator Clinton.

Senator Obama, go ahead, please. (Applause.)

WINNER Well, this is an area where Senator Clinton and I almost entirely agree. I think that the key is to consult with local communities, whether it's on the commercial interests or the environmental stakes of creating any kind of barrier.

And the Bush administration is not real good at listening. That's not what they do well. (Laughter.) And so I will reverse that policy.

As Senator Clinton indicated, there may be areas where it makes sense to have some fencing. But for the most part, having Border Patrol, surveillance, deploying effective technology, that's going to be the better approach.

The one thing I do have to say, though, about this issue is it is very important for us, I think, to deal with this problem in terms of thousands of -- hundreds of thousands of people coming over the borders on a regular basis if we want to also provide opportunity for the 12 million undocumented workers who are here. Senator Clinton and I have both campaigned in places like Iowa and Ohio and my home state of Illinois, and I think that the American people want fairness, want justice. I think they recognize that the idea that you're going to deport 12 million people is ridiculous, that we're not going to be -- (applause) -- devoting all our law enforcement resources to sending people back. But what they do also want is some order to the process.

And so we're not going to be able to do these things in isolation. We're not going to be able to deal with the 12 million people who are living in the shadows and give them a way of getting out of the shadows if we don't also deal with the problem of this constant influx of undocumented workers. And that's why I think comprehensive reform is so important. That's the kind of leadership that I've shown in the past. That's the kind of leadership that I'll show in the future.

One last point I want to make on the immigration issue, because we may be moving to different topics. Something that we can do immediately that I think is very important is to pass the DREAM Act, which allows children who -- (applause) -- through no fault of their own are here but have essentially grown up as Americans -- allow them the opportunity for higher education.

I do not want two classes of citizens in this country. I want everybody to prosper. That's going to be a top priority. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Okay. Let's -- we've got one last question on immigration.

Jorge, go ahead.

MODERATOR (Remarks in Spanish.)

Right now there are more than 30 million people in this country who speak Spanish. (Applause.) Many of them are right here. By the year 2050, there will be 120 million Hispanics in the United States.

Now, is there any downside, Senator Clinton, to the United States becoming -- (remarks in Spanish) -- becoming a bilingual nation? Is there a limit?

LOSER Well, I think it's important for as many Americans as possible to do what I've never been able to do. And that is learn another language and try to be bilingual, because that connects us to the rest of the world.

I think it is important though that English remain our common, unifying language -- (applause) -- because that brings our country together in a way that we've seen generations of immigrants, coming to our shores, be able to be part of the American experience and pursue the American dream.

You know, I have been adamantly against the efforts by some to make English the official language.

That I do not believe is appropriate, and I have voted against it and spoken against it. I represent New York. We have a hundred and seventy languages in New York City alone, and I do not think that we should be in any way discriminating against people who do not speak English, who use facilities like hospitals or have to go to court to enforce their rights.

But I do think that English does remain an important part of the American experience, so I encourage people to become bilingual, but I also want to see English remain the common unifying language of our country. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, is there any downside to the United States becoming a bilingual nation?

WINNER Well, I think it is important that everyone learns English and that we have that process of binding ourselves together as a country. I think that's very important.

I also think that every student should be learning a second language because -- (interrupted by applause) -- you know -- so when you start getting into a debate about bilingual education, for example, now I want to make sure that children who are coming out of Spanish-speaking households have the opportunity to learn and are not falling behind. And if bilingual education helps them do that, I want to give them the opportunity. But I also want to make sure that English-speaking children are getting foreign languages because this world is becoming more interdependent, and part of the process of America's continued leadership in the world is going to be our capacity to communicate across boundaries, across borders.

And that's something, frankly, that's fallen very -- where we've fallen behind. And one of the failures of No Child Left Behind, a law that I think a lot of local and state officials have been troubled by, is that it is so narrowly focused on standardized tests that it has pushed out a lot of important learning that needs to take place. (Cheers, applause.)

And foreign languages is one of those areas that I think has been neglected. I want to put more resources into it.

MODERATOR All right.

We're going to take a quick break. We've got to go to a commercial. We'll be back with a lot more.

There's also a debate, we should mention, raging online right now, so go to our website, CNNPolitics.com, to join in.

The debate here at the University of Texas in Austin continues right after this. (Cheers, applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR And we are back. We're here in Austin, Texas, the capital city. Welcome back to the Texas Democratic debate at the University of Texas-Austin.

The first question now goes to John King.

KING Senators, as I'm sitting here, we're about 45 minutes into the discussion tonight, and I'm having what I like to call one of those parallel universe moments. I've been watching each of you give speeches in arenas not unlike this one, individually, and the tone is often quite different than the very polite, substantive discourse -- (laughter, applause) -- we've had tonight.

And so I want to ask you about that. There are times when each of you seems to call into question the other one's credibility or truthfulness. And Senator Clinton, I want to talk specifically about some words you've spoken here in the state of Texas over the past couple of days. You've said, quote, "My opponent gives speeches; I offer solutions." You said the choice for Democrats in this campaign is, quote, "talk versus action."

Now, in a campaign that some of us are old enough to remember -- maybe not many of the students here -- this would be called the "Where's the beef?" question. (Laughter.) But since we're in Texas, I'd like to borrow a phrase that they often use here, and you've used yourself in the context of President Bush. Are you saying that your opponent is all hat and no cattle? And can you say that after the last 45 minutes? (Laughter, applause.)

LOSER Well, I have said that about President Bush, and I think our next president needs to be a lot less hat and a lot more cattle. (Cheers, applause.)

You know, I think you can tell from the first 45 minutes, you know, Senator Obama and I have a lot in common. We both care passionately about our country. We are devoted to public service. We care deeply about the future. And we have run a very vigorous and contested primary campaign, which has been by most standards, I think, very positive and extremely civil.

But there are differences between us, and I think in our efforts to draw those contrasts and comparisons we obviously try to let voters know how we see the world differently. And I do offer solutions. That's what I believe in and what I have done, and it's what I offer to voters because it's part of my life over the last 35 years working to get kids health care, working to expand legal services for the poor, working to register voters, working to make a difference, because I think that this country has given me so much. And there are differences between our records and our accomplishments. I have to confess I was somewhat amused the other night when on one of the TV shows, one of Senator Obama's supporters was asked to name one accomplishment of Senator Obama, and he couldn't. So I know that there are comparisons and contrasts to be drawn between us, and it's important that voters get that information.

So yes, I do think that words are important and words matter, but actions speak louder than words, and I offer -- (by cheers, applause) -- (off mike).

MODERATOR Senator Obama, go ahead. Senator Obama, do you want to respond?

WINNER Well, I think actions do speak louder than words, which is why over the 20 years of my public service I have acted a lot to provide health care to people who didn't have it, to provide tax breaks to families that needed it, to reform a criminal justice system that had resulted in wrongful convictions, to open up our government, and to pass the toughest ethics reform legislation since Watergate -- (applause) -- to make sure that we create transparency -- to make sure that we create transparency in our government so that we know where federal spending is going and it's not going to a bunch of boondoggles and earmarks that are wasting taxpayer money that could be spent on things like early childhood education.

You know, I think if you talk to those wounded warriors at Walter Reed who, prior to me getting to the Senate, were having to pay for their meals and have to pay for their phone calls to their family while they're recovering from amputations, I think they'd say that I've engaged not just in talk, but in action. (Cheers, applause.)

Now -- now, I think Senator Clinton has a fine record, and I don't to denigrate that record. I do think there is a fundamental difference between us in terms of how change comes about. Senator Clinton of late has said "let's get real." And the implication is, is that, you know, the people who have been voting for me or involved in my campaign are somehow delusional -- (laughter) -- and that -- (chuckles) -- that, you know, the -- (laughter) -- you know, the 20 million people who have been paying attention to 19 debates, and the editorial boards all across the country at newspapers who have given me endorsements including every major newspaper here in the state of Texas -- (cheers, applause) -- you know, the thinking is that somehow they're being duped and that eventually they're going to see the reality of things.

Well, I think they perceive reality of what's going on in Washington very clearly. And what they see is that if we don't bring the country together, stop the endless bickering, actually focus on solutions and reduce the special interests that have dominated Washington, then we will not get anything done. And the reason that this campaign has done so well -- (applause) -- the reason that this campaign has done so well is because people understand that it is not just a matter of putting forward policy positions.

Senator Clinton and I share a lot of policy positions. But if we can't inspire the American people to get involved in their government, and if we can't inspire them to go beyond the racial divisions and the religious divisions and the regional divisions, that have plagued our politics for so long, then we will continue to see the kind of gridlock and non-performance in Washington that is resulting in families suffering in very real ways.

I'm running for president to start doing something about that suffering and so are the people who are behind my campaign. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR I think -- I think one of the points -- (interrupted by continued cheers, applause). I think one of the points that John King was alluding to in talking about some of Senator Clinton's comments is there has been a lot of attention lately on some of your speeches, that they're very similar to some of the speeches by your friend and supporter, Deval Patrick, the governor of Massachusetts. And Senator Clinton's campaign has made a big issue of this. To be blunt, they've accused you of plagiarism.

WINNER Right.

MODERATOR How do you respond?

WINNER Well, look, the -- first of all, it's not a lot of speeches. There are two lines in speeches that I've been giving over the last couple of weeks. I've been campaigning now for the last two years. Deval is a national co-chairman of my campaign and suggested an argument that I share, that words are important, words matter, and the implication that they don't, I think, diminishes how important it is to speak to the American people directly about making America as good as its promise. And Barbara Jordan understood this as well as anybody.

Now, the notion that I had plagiarized from somebody who's one of my national co-chairs -- (laughter) -- who gave me the line and suggested that I use it, I think is silly. (Cheers, applause.)

And -- you know, but -- but -- but this is where we start getting into silly season in politics, and I think people start getting discouraged about it. (Cheers, applause.) They don't want -- what they want is, how are we going to create good jobs at good wages? How are we going to provide health care to the American people? How are we going to make sure that college is affordable?

So what I have been talking about in these speeches -- and I got to admit, some of them are pretty good -- (laughter, cheers, applause) -- what I've been talking about is not just hope and not just inspiration; it's a $4,000 tuition credit for every student every year -- (cheers, applause) -- in exchange for national service so that college becomes more affordable. I've been talking about making sure that we change our tax code so that working families actually get relief. I have been talking about making sure that we bring an end to this war in Iraq so that we can start bringing our troops home and invest money here in the United States. (Applause.)

And so just to finish up, these are very specific, concrete, detailed proposals, many of them which I've been working on for years now. Senator Clinton has a fine record.

So do I. And I'm happy to have a debate on the issues, but what we shouldn't be spending time doing is tearing each other down. We should be spending time lifting the country up. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, is it the silly season?

LOSER Well, I think that if your candidacy is going to be about words, then they should be your own words. That's, I think, a very simple proposition. (Applause.) And you know -- you know, lifting whole passages from someone else's speeches is not change you can believe in; it's change you can Xerox. And I just don't think --

WINNER Oh, but that -- that's not what happened there --

LOSER No, but -- you know, but Barack, it is, because if -- you know, if you look -- (jeers from the audience) -- if you look -- if you look -- if you look at the YouTube of these videos, it does raise questions.

Now, there is no doubt that you are a passionate, eloquent speaker, and I applaud you for that. But when you look at what we face in this country, we do need to unite the country, but we have to unite it for a purpose around very specific goals. It is not enough to say, "Let's come together." We know we're going to have to work hard to overcome the opposition of those who do not want the changes to get to universal health care.

You know, when I proposed a universal health care plan, as did Senator Edwards, we took a big risk, because we know it's politically controversial to say we're going to cover everyone.

And you chose not to do that. You chose to put forth a health care plant that will leave out at least 15 million people. That's a big difference.

When I said we should put a moratorium on home foreclosures, basically your response was, well, that wouldn't work, and you know, in the last week even President Bush said we have to do something like that.

I just believe that we've got to look hard at the difficult challenges we face, especially after George Bush leaves the White House. The world will breathe a sigh of relief once he is gone. (Applause.) We all know that. But then we've got to do the hard work of not just bringing the country together, but overcoming a lot of the entrenched opposition to the very ideas that both of us believe in and for some of us have been fighting for a very long time.

You know, when I took on -- (interrupted by cheers, applause).

When I took on universal health care back in '93 and '94, it was against a fire storm of special interest opposition. I was more than happy to do that because I believe passionately in getting quality affordable health care to every American. I don't want to leave anybody out. I see the results of leaving people out. I am tired of health insurance companies deciding who will live or die in America.

That has to end. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Obama, please respond.

WINNER Well, I think that Senator Clinton mentioned two specific issue areas where we've got some differences. And I'm happy to debate those, which is what I think should be the focus of this campaign.

We both want universal health care. When I released my plan, a few months later, we were in a debate, and Senator Clinton said, we all want universal health care. And of course, I was down 20 points in the polls at the time, and so my plan was pretty good. It's not as good now, but my plan hasn't changed. The politics have changed a little bit.

We do -- we both -- 95 percent of our plans are similar. We both want to set up a system in which any person is going to be able to get coverage that is as good as we have as members of Congress. And we are going to subsidize those who can't afford it. We're going to make sure that we reduce costs by emphasizing prevention, and I want to make sure that we're applying technology to improve quality, cut bureaucracy.

Now, I also want to make sure that we're reducing costs for those who already have health insurance. So we put in place a catastrophic reinsurance plan that would reduce costs by $2,500 per family per year.

So we've got a lot of similarities in our plan.

We've got a philosophical difference which we've debated repeatedly, and that is that Senator Clinton believes the only way to achieve universal health care is to force everybody to purchase it, and my belief is the reason that people don't have it is not because they don't want it, but because they can't afford it. And so I emphasize -- (applause) -- reducing costs. And as has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of Labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs, and there is nobody out there who wants health insurance who can't have it.

Now, there are legitimate arguments for why Senator Clinton and others have called for a mandate, and I'm happy to have that debate. But the notion that I am leaving 15 -- 15 million people out somehow implies that we are different in our goals of providing coverage to all Americans, and that is simply not true. We think that there's going to be a different way of getting there.

One last point I want to make on the health care front. I admire the fact that Senator Clinton tried to bring about health care reform back in 1993. She deserves credit for that. (Applause.) But I -- I've said before I think she did it in the wrong way because it wasn't just the fact that the insurance companies and the drug companies were battling her -- and no doubt they were -- it was also that Senator Clinton and the administration went behind closed doors, excluded the participation even of Democratic members of Congress who had slightly different ideas than the ones that Senator Clinton had put forward.

And as a consequence, it was much more difficult to get Congress to cooperate.

And I've said that I'm going to do things differently. I think we have to open up the process, everybody has to have a seat the table, and most importantly, the American people have to be involved and educated about how this change is going to be brought about.

The point is this We can have great plans, but if we don't change how the politics is working in Washington, then neither of our plans are going to happen and we're going to be four years from now debating once again how we're going to bring universal health care to this country. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right --

WINNER That's not something I want to do.

MODERATOR -- I've got -- we've got some time constraints here.

Now, we've got to take to another real quick break. Stay with us. We've got a lot more ahead. You can compare the candidates on the issues any time, just go to our website, cnnpolitics.com. A lot more ahead here at the University of Texas. We'll be right back. (Cheers, applause.)

(Announcements.)

(Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR An enthusiastic crowd here at the University of Texas. Welcome back to the Texas Democratic debate. Let's get right to it. Jorge Ramos with the next question.

MODERATOR (Thank you ?), Campbell.

Senator Clinton, yesterday you said -- and I'm quoting -- "one of us is ready to be commander in chief." Are you saying that Senator Obama is not ready and not qualified to be commander in chief?

LOSER Well, I believe that I am ready, and I am prepared. And I will leave that to voters to decide.

But I want to get back to health care because I didn't get a chance to respond --

MODERATOR All right --

MODERATOR Oh, but --

LOSER -- after Senator Obama. No, let -- let me finish,

Jorge --

MODERATOR But I would like you also to come back to this after --

LOSER -- because this is a significant difference. You know, Senator Obama has said it's a philosophical difference. I think it's a substantive difference. He has a mandate for parents to be sure to insure their children. I agree with that. I just know that if we don't go and require everyone to have health insurance, the health insurance industry will still game the system, every one of us with insurance will pay the hidden tax of approximately $900 a year -- (applause) -- to make up for the lack of insurance.

And you know, in one of our earlier debates John Edwards made a great point. It would be as though Social Security were voluntary; Medicare, one of the great accomplishments of President Johnson, was voluntary. (Applause.) I do not believe that is going to work.

So it's not just a philosophical difference. You look at what will work and what will not work. If you do not have a plan that starts out attempting to achieve universal health care, you will be nibbled to death, and we will be back here, with more and more people uninsured and rising costs. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. We appreciate that you want to make a point.

Senator Obama, we have limited time --

WINNER Yeah.

MODERATOR -- so I would like Jorge to move on to another subject, or we're going to be out of time.

WINNER But I -- well, I -- I understand, but I think that Senator Clinton made a -- (laughter) -- you know, she's making a point, and I -- and I think I should have the opportunity to respond very briefly, and I'll -- I'll try to make it as quickly as possible.

MODERATOR Very briefly, absolutely.

WINNER Number one, understand that when Senator Clinton says a mandate, it's not a mandate on government to provide health insurance; it's a mandate on individuals to purchase it. And Senator Clinton is right; we have to find out what works.

Now, Massachusetts has a mandate right now. They have exempted 20 percent of the uninsured because they've concluded that that 20 percent can't afford it. In some cases, there are people who are paying fines and still can't afford it, so now they're worse off than they were. They don't have health insurance and they're paying a fine. (Applause.) And in order for you to force people to get health insurance, you've got to have a very harsh, stiff penalty. And Senator Clinton has said that we will go after their wages.

Now, this is a substantive difference. But understand that both of us seek to get universal health care. I have a substantive difference with Senator Clinton on how to get there, okay.

LOSER Well --

MODERATOR All right. All right, Senator Clinton --

LOSER Wait a minute. No, this is too important. (Laughter.) This is the number one issue that people talk to me about. You know, when a mother grabs my arm and says "I can't get the operation my son needs because I don't have health insurance," it is personal for me. And I just fundamentally disagree.

You know, Senator Obama's plan has a mandate on parents and a fine if parents --

WINNER That's right.

LOSER -- do not insure their children.

WINNER That's right.

LOSER Because he recognizes that unless we have some kind of restriction, we will not get there. He's also said that if people show up at the hospital sick without health insurance, well, maybe at that point, you can fine them.

We would not have a social compact with Social Security and Medicare if everyone did not have to participate. I want a universal health care plan. (Cheers, applause.)

WINNER That mother, who is desperate to get health care for her child, will be able to get that health care under my plan, point number one.

Point number two, the reason a mandate for children can be effective is, we've got a ability to make affordable health care available to that child right now. There are no excuses. If a parent is not providing health care for that child, it's because the parent's not being responsible under my plan, and those children don't have a choice.

But I think that adults are going to be able to see that they can afford it under my plan; they will get it under my plan. And it is true that if it turns out that some are gaming the system, then we can impose potentially some penalties on them for gaming the system. But the notion that somehow I am interested in leaving out 15 million people, without health insurance, is simply not true.

LOSER Well --

MODERATOR (Off mike) -- (applause).

LOSER We disagree on that.

MODERATOR Okay.

Let's let Jorge re-ask his question because I don't think anyone remembers. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Let me try again and not in Spanish, okay? (Laughter.) Here we go again -- because we also believe the war in Iraq is very important, and here's the question.

Are you suggesting that Senator Obama is not ready, he doesn't have the experience to be commander in chief? That's a question.

What did you mean by that phrase?

LOSER What I mean is that, you know, for more than 15 years I've been honored to represent our country in more than 80 countries to negotiate on matters such opening borders for refugees during the war in Kosovo, to stand up for women's rights and human rights around the world. I've served on the Senate -- (interrupted by cheers, applause). I've served on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I have worked as one of the leaders in the Congress on behalf of homeland security and the very difficult challenges we face. You know, just this week -- it's a good example -- we had elections in Pakistan; we had a change in government in Cuba or at least the leadership; we've had the elections that, you know, should have happened, that haven't happened, and just change the leader the way they do in Cuba; we've had Kosovo declaring independence; and we have had our embassy set on fire in Serbia.

So we have serious problems that pose a real question about presidential leadership, and also some great opportunities. You know, we now have opportunities, perhaps, with Cuba, I hope with President Musharraf for him to do the right thing. I've supported the independence of Kosovo because I think it is imperative that in the heart of Europe we continue to promote independence and democracy.

And I would be moving very aggressively to hold the Serbian government responsible with their security forces to protect our embassy. Under international law they should be doing that.

So when you think about everything that is going to happen, what we can predict and what we cannot predict, I believe that I am prepared and ready on day one to be commander in chief, to be the president, to turn our economy around, and to begin making a lot of these very difficult decisions that we will inherit from George Bush. And that is what I am putting forth to the voters. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama. Go ahead, Senator Obama.

WINNER I wouldn't be running if I didn't think I was prepared to be commander in chief. (Cheers, applause.) And my -- my number one job as president will be to keep the American people safe. And I will do whatever is required to accomplish that, and I will not hesitate to act against those that would do America harm.

Now, that involves maintaining the strongest military on earth, which means that we are training our troops properly and equipping them properly and putting them on proper rotations. And there are an awful lot of families, here in Texas, who have been burdened under two and three and four tours, because of the poor planning of the current commander in chief. And that will end when I'm president.

(Applause.)

But it also means using our military wisely. And on what I believe was the single most important foreign policy decision of this generation -- whether or not to go to war in Iraq -- I believe I showed the judgment of a commander in chief. I think that Senator Clinton was wrong in her judgments on that. (Applause.)

Now, that has consequences. That has significant consequences because it has diverted attention from Afghanistan, where al Qaeda, that killed 3,000 Americans, are stronger now than at any time since 2001.

I heard from a Army captain, who was the head of a rifle platoon, supposed to have 39 men in a rifle platoon. Ended up being sent to Afghanistan with 24, because 15 of those soldiers had been sent to Iraq. And as a consequence, they didn't have enough ammunition; they didn't have enough humvees.

They were actually capturing Taliban weapons because it was easier to get Taliban weapons than it was for them to get properly equipped by our current commander in chief. Now that's a consequence of bad judgment, and you know, the question is on the critical issues that we face right now who's going to show the judgment to lead. And I think that on every critical issue that we've seen in foreign policy over the last several years -- going into Iraq originally, I didn't just oppose it for the sake of opposing it. I said this is going to distract us from Afghanistan; this is going to fan the flames of anti- American sentiment; this is going to cost us billions of dollars and thousands of lives and overstretch our military, and I was right.

On the question of Pakistan, which Senator Clinton just raised, we just had an election there, but I've said very clearly that we have put all our eggs in the Musharraf basket. That was a mistake. We should be going after al Qaeda and making sure that Pakistan is serious about hunting down terrorists as well as expanding democracy, and I was right about that.

On the issues that have come up, that a commander in chief is going to have to make decisions on, I have shown the judgment to lead. That is the leadership that I want to show when I'm president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right, Senator Clinton, we're going to stay with this and stay on Iraq.

John King.

KING I want to continue in this vein and hone in on the very point you just made because one of you, unless this remarkable campaign here takes another wacky, unpredictable turn, is going to be running against a decorated war hero who is going to say that you don't have the experience to be commander in chief.

And you have both said it's not about that type of experience; it's about judgment.

You both had to make a judgment a short time ago in your job in the United States Senate about whether to support the surge. And as that was going on, Senator Clinton, you had the commanding general in Iraq before you, and you said, "I think that the reports you provide to us really require the willing suspension of disbelief," your words to General Petreaus.

I want you to look at Iraq now and listen to those who say the security situation is better. Ideal? No, but better, some say significantly. In recent days, even some steps toward the political reconciliation. Is Iraq today better off than it was six months or a year ago because of the surge?

LOSER Well, John, I think you forget a very important premise of the surge. The rationale of the surge was to create the space and time for the Iraqi government to make the decisions that only it can make. Now, there is no doubt, given the skill and the commitment of our young men and women in uniform, that putting more of them in will give us a tactical advantage and will provide security in some places. And that has occurred.

But the fact is that the purpose of it has not been fulfilled.

The Iraqi government has slowly inched toward making a few of the decisions in a less than complete way.

It was one of the reasons why the economy was booming. I've got that, you know, clearly in my economic blueprint, which is something that I've published the last few days, because it's part of what we have to do again, and I think that I will be very comfortable and effective in taking on Senator McCain over the fiscal irresponsibility of the Republican Party that he's been a part of. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. An issue relating to the current election. Jorge.

MODERATOR As we can see, this has been an extremely close nomination battle that will come down to superdelegates. And House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, the highest-ranking Democrat in government, said recently -- and I'm quoting -- "It would be a problem" -- and this is a question for you, Senator Clinton -- "It would be a problem for the party if the verdict would be something different than the public has decided." Do you agree?

LOSER Well, you know, these are the rules that are followed, and I -- you know, I think that it'll sort itself out. I'm not worried about that. We will have a nominee, and we will a unified Democratic Party, and we will go on to victory in November. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, go ahead. Do you have a response to Senator Clinton?

WINNER Well, I think it is important, given how hard Senator Clinton and I have been working, that these primaries and caucuses count for something. (Applause.) And so my belief is that -- that the will of the voters, expressed in this long election process, is what ultimately determine who our next nominee is going to be.

But understand what I think is most important to the voters, and that is that we have a government that is listening to them again. They feel as if they've been shut out.

You know, when I meet mothers who are trying to figure out how to get health care for their kids, it's not just the desperation of that single mom. It's also that when they try to find some help, oftentimes they're hitting a brick wall. And they don't get a sense that the debates that are happening in Washington right now relate to them at all. What they believe is that people are trying to get on TV, and they're trying to score points, and they're trying to win elections, and that they're not interested in knocking down the barriers that stand between the American people and their dreams.

And I have no doubt that the Democratic Party, at its best, can summon a sense of common purpose again, and higher purpose, for the American people. And I think that the next nominee, going into the November election, is going to have a lot to talk about, because the American people are tired of a politics that's dominated by the powerful, by the connected. They want their government back, and that's what I intend to provide them when I'm nominated for president of the United States.

MODERATOR We have time for just one final question and we thought we'd sort of end on a more philosophical question.

You've both spent a lot of time talking about leadership, about who's ready and who has the right judgment to lead if elected president.

And a leader's judgment is -- is most tested at times of crisis. And I'm wondering if both of you will describe what was a moment -- what was THE moment that tested you the most, that moment of crisis?

Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, you know, I -- I wouldn't point to a single moment, and what I look at is the trajectory of my life, because I was raised by a single mom. My father left when I was two, and I was raised by my mother and my grandparents. And there were rocky periods during my youth when I made mistakes and was off course. And what was most important in my life was learning to take responsibility for my own -- my own actions -- learning to take responsibility for not only my own actions, but how I can bring people together to actually have an impact on the world. And so working as a community organizer on the streets of Chicago with ordinary people, bringing them together and organizing them to provide jobs and health care and economic security to people who didn't have it, then working as a civil rights attorney and rejecting the jobs on Wall Street to fight for those who were being discriminated against on the job, that cumulative experience I think is the judgment that I now bring. It's the reason that I have the capacity to bring people together, and it's the reason why I am determined to make sure that the American people get a government that is worthy of their decency and their generosity. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I think everybody here knows I have lived through some crises and some challenging -- (laughter) -- moments in my life, and -- (interrupted by cheers, applause).

And I am grateful for the support and the prayers of countless Americans. But people often ask me, how do you do it, you know, how do you keep going, and I just have to shake my head in wonderment because with all of the challenges that I've had, they are nothing compared to what I see happening in the lives of Americans every single day.

You know, a few months ago I was honored to be asked, along with Senator McCain, as the only two elected officials to speak at the opening of the Intrepid Center at Brooke Medical Center in San Antonio, a center designed to take care of and provide rehabilitation for our brave young men and women who have been injured in war. And I remember sitting up there and watching them come in those who could walk were walking; those who had lost limbs were trying with great courage to get themselves in without the help of others; some were in wheelchairs and some were on gurneys. And the speaker representing these wounded warriors had had most of his face disfigured by the results of fire from a roadside bomb.

You know, the hits I've taken in life are nothing compared to what goes on every single day in the lives of people across our country. And I resolved at a very young age that I'd been blessed, and that I was called by my faith and by my upbringing to do what I could to give others the same opportunities and blessings that I took for granted. That's what gets me up in the morning. That's what motivates me in this campaign. (Cheers, applause.) And -- and you know, no matter what happens in this contest -- and I am honored. I am honored to be here with Barack Obama. I am absolutely honored. (Cheers, applause.)

WINNER (Off mike.)

LOSER And you know, whatever happens, we're going to be fine. You know, we have strong support from our families and our friends. I just hope that we'll be able to say the same thing about the American people, and that's what this election should be about. Thanks. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. A standing ovation here in Austin, Texas. Our thanks to Senator Barack Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton. Appreciate your time tonight -- (cheers, applause) -- and to John and Jorge as well.

(Applause continues.) We also want to thank our debate partners, the university, the University of Texas at Austin, and the Texas Democratic Party and the LBJ Library, as well as the city of Austin.

Stay with CNN on March 4th for complete coverage of the primary results in Texas, Ohio, Vermont, Rhode Island. I'm Campbell Brown in Austin. This debate will be broadcast in Spanish later tonight on the Univision television network. It'll air at 1130 p.m. Eastern and 1030 p.m. Central.

MODERATOR And this time we're giving them, by the way, 90 seconds right now to say whatever they want in opening statements. So let's begin with Senator Obama.

WINNER (Cheers, applause.) Well, thank you, Wolf. Thank you. Thank you.

First of all -- first of all, I want to acknowledge a candidate who left the race this week, John Edwards, who did such an outstanding job -- (applause) -- elevating the issues of poverty and the plight of working families all across the country, and we wish him and Elizabeth well. He's going to be a voice for this party and for this country for many years to come.

I also want to note something that you noted at the beginning, which is that when we started off, we had eight candidates on this stage. We now are down to two, after 17 debates. And, you know, it is a testimony to the Democratic Party and it is a testimony to this country that we have the opportunity to make history, because I think one of us two will end up being the next president of the United States of America. (Cheers, applause.)

I also want to note that I was friends with Hillary Clinton before we started this campaign. I will be friends with Hillary Clinton after this campaign is over. (Applause.) She has done -- she's run a -- we're running a competitive race, but it's because we both love this country, and we believe deeply in the issues that are at stake.

I believe we're at a defining moment in our history. Our nation is at war. Our planet is in peril. Families all across the country are struggling with everything from back-breaking health care costs to trying to stay in their homes. And at this moment, the question is, how do we take the country in a new direction? How do we get past the divisions that have prevented us from solving these problems year after year after year?

I don't think the choice is between black and white, or it's about gender or religion. I don't think it's about young or old. I think what is at stake right now is whether we are looking backwards or we were looking forwards. I think it is the past versus the future. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

WINNER And -- just to finish up, Wolf -- the -- and I think that as we move forward in this debate, understand we are both Democrats, and we understand the issues at stake.

We want change from George Bush but we also have to have change that brings the country together, pushes back against the special interests in Washington and levels with the American people about the difficult changes that we make. If we do that, I am confident that we can solve any problem, and we can fulfill the destiny that America wants to see, not just next year but in the many years to come. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, on January 20th, 2009, the next president of the United States will be sworn in on the steps of the Capitol. I, as a Democrat, fervently hope you are looking at that next president.

(Cheers, applause.)

Either Barack or I will raise our hand and swear to uphold the Constitution of the United States.

And then, when the celebrations are over, the next president will walk into the Oval Office. And waiting there will be a stack of problems, problems inherited from a failed administration -- a war to end in Iraq and a war to resolve in Afghanistan, an economy that is not working for the vast majority of Americans, but well for the wealthy and the well-connected; tens of millions of people either without health insurance at all or with insurance that doesn't amount to much, because it won't pay what your doctor or your hospital need -- (applause) -- an energy crisis that we fail to act on at our peril; global warming, which the United States must lead in trying to contend with and reverse; and then all of the problems that we know about and the ones we can't yet predict.

It is imperative that we have a president starting on day one who can begin to solve our problems, tackle these challenges, and seize the opportunities that I think await.

I'm very grateful for the extraordinary service of John and Elizabeth Edwards. And among the many contributions that they have made both by their personal example of courage and leadership is their reminder that in this land of such plenty and blessings, there are still 37 million Americans who are living below the poverty line and many others barely hanging on above.

So what we have to do tonight is to have a discussion about what each of us believe are the priorities and the goals for America. I think it's imperative we have a problem solver, that we roll up our sleeves. I'm offering that kind of approach because I think that Americans are ready once again to know that there isn't anything we can't do if we put our minds to it. So let's have that conversation.

(Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

All right, the first question will go to Doyle.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, your two campaigns have been going on for more than a year now, and it's clear that the two of you have had different experiences in your life -- in your lives. You have different styles. But when most voters look at the two of you, they don't see a lot of daylight between you on policy. So what I'd like to ask is, what do you consider the most important policy distinction between the two of you?

LOSER Well, I want to start by saying that whatever differences there are among us, between us now -- it's hard to forget -- we keep talking about all those who aren't here --

WINNER Right.

LOSER But the differences between Barack and I pale in comparison to the differences that we have with the Republicans. (Applause.) And I want to say that, first and foremost, because it's really a stark difference. But we do have differences, and let me mention a couple.

First, on health care, I believe absolutely passionately that we must have universal health care. (Applause.) It is a moral responsibility and a right for our country. (Applause continues.) And -- and I have put forth a plan, similar to what Senator Edwards had before he left the race, that would move us to universal health care.

Secondly, I think it's imperative that we approach this mortgage crisis with the seriousness that it is presenting. There are 95,000 homes in foreclosure in California right now. I want a moratorium on foreclosures for 90 days, so we can try to work out keeping people in their homes, instead of having them lose their homes. And I want to freeze interest rates for five years.

I think when it comes to how we approach foreign affairs in particular, I believe that we've got to be realistic and optimistic.

But we start with realism in the sense that we do have serious threats; we do have those who are unfortunately and tragically plotting against us, posing dangers to us and our friends and our allies. And I think that we've got to have a full diplomatic effort, but I don't think the president should put the prestige of the presidency on the line in the first year, to have meetings without preconditions with five of the worst dictators in the world.

So we have differences, both at home and around the world. But again I would emphasize that what really is important here, because the Republicans were in California debating yesterday, they are more of the same. Neither of us, just by looking at us, you can tell, we are not more of the same. We will change our country. (Laughter, cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR We heard Senator Clinton, Senator Obama, define some of the differences that, on policy issues, she sees between the two of you. What do you see as the most significant policy differences between the two of you?

WINNER Well, I actually think that a couple of the ones that Hillary mentioned are genuine policy differences. They're worthy of debate.

Let's take health care. About 95 percent of our plans are similar. We both set up a government plan that would allow people who otherwise don't have health insurance, because of a pre-existing condition, like my mother had, or at least what the insurance said was a pre-existing condition -- let them get health insurance.

We both want to emphasize prevention because we've got to do something about ever-escalating costs and we don't want children, who I meet all the time, going to emergency rooms for treatable illnesses like asthma.

It is true we've got a policy difference because my view is that the reason people don't have health care -- and I meet them all the time in South Carolina, a mother whose child has cerebral palsy and could not get insurance for it and started crying during a town hall meeting. Hillary, I'm sure, has had the same experiences. What they're struggling with is they can't afford the health care. And so I emphasize reducing costs.

My belief is -- is that if we make it affordable, if we provide subsidies to those who can't afford it, they will buy it. Senator Clinton has a different approach. She believes that we have to force people who don't have health insurance to buy it, otherwise there will be a lot of people who don't get it.

I don't see those folks.

And I think that it is important for us to recognize that if, in fact, you're going to mandate the purchase of insurance and it's not affordable, then there's going to have to be some enforcement mechanism that the government uses. And they may charge people who already don't have health care fines or have to take it out of their paychecks. And that I don't think is helping those without health insurance. That is a genuine difference. (Applause.)

On the mortgage crisis -- on the mortgage crisis, again we both believe that this is a critical problem. It's a huge problem in California and all across the country. And we agree that we have to keep people in their homes.

So I've put forward a $10 billion home foreclosure prevention fund that would help to bridge the lender and the borrower so that people can stay in their homes.

I have not signed on to the notion of an interest rates freeze, and the reason is not because we need to protect the banks; the problem is, is that if we have such a freeze, mortgage interest rates will go up across the board and you will have a lot of people who are currently trying to get mortgages who will actually have more of a difficult time. So, some of the people that we want to protect could end up being hurt by such a plan. (Scattered applause.)

Now, keep in mind the one thing I suspect that Senator Clinton and I agree on. Part of the reason we're in this mortgage mess is because there's been complete lack of oversight on the part of the Bush administration. (Applause.) The mortgage lending industry spent $185 billion -- 105 -- 80 -- $185 million lobbying to prevent provisions that go against predatory lending, for example, that I introduced.

Which brings me to another difference. I believe that it is very important for us to reduce the influence of lobbyists and special interests in Washington. (Cheers, applause.) I think that a lot of the issues that both Senator Clinton and I care about will not move forward unless we have increased the kinds of ethics proposals that I passed just last year, some of the toughest since Watergate. That's something that John Edwards and I both talked about repeatedly in this campaign. That's why I don't take federal PAC and federal lobbyist money. That is a difference.

And the last point I'll make is on Iraq. Senator Clinton brought this up. I was opposed to Iraq from the start. (Cheers, applause.) And that -- and I say that not just to look backwards but also to look forwards, because I think what the next president has to show is the kind of judgment that will ensure that we are using our military power wisely.

It is true that I want to elevate diplomacy, so that it is part of our arsenal to serve the American people's interests and to keep us safe.

And I have disagreed with Senator Clinton on, for example, meeting with Iran. I think -- and the National Intelligence Estimate, the last report suggested that if we are meeting with them, talking to them, and offering them both carrots and sticks, they are more likely to change their behavior, and we can do so in a way that does not ultimately cost billions of dollars, thousands of lives, and hurt our reputation around the world. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Those are three important issues that you both have defined where there are some difference -- health care, the housing crisis, national security, Iraq, Iran. We're going to go through all of those issues over the course of this debate.

But let's start with health care, because this is a critical issue affecting millions and millions of Americans. And Jeanne, you have a question on that.

CUMMINGS Well, you all both mentioned that health care's a priority for your party, and -- but the truth is that most Democrats really do want full coverage, everybody covered.

Now, Senator Obama, this is a question for you. Under your plan, which is voluntary -- it creates incentives for people to buy but still is voluntary -- it would be about 15 million people who would still not be covered. Now, why is your plan superior to hers?

WINNER Understand who we're talking about here. Every expert who looks at it says anybody who wants health care will be able to get health care under my plan. There won't be anybody out there who wants health care who will not be able to get it. That's point number one. So the estimate is -- this is where the 15 million figure comes in -- is that there are 15 million people who don't want health care. That's the argument.

Now, first of all, I dispute that there are 15 million people out there who don't want it. I believe that there are people who can't afford it and if we provide them enough subsidies, they will purchase it, number one. Number two I mandate coverage for all children. (Applause.) Number three I say that young people, who are the most likely to be healthy but think they're invulnerable and decide, I don't need health care, what I'm saying is that insurance companies and my plan as well will allow people up to 25 years old to be covered under their parents' plan.

So as a consequence, I don't believe that there will be 15 million out there.

Now, under any mandate, you're going to have problems with people who don't end up having health coverage. Massachusetts right now embarked on an experiment where they mandated coverage. And by the way, I want to congratulate Governor Schwarzenegger and the speaker and others who have been trying to do this in California, but I know that those who have looked at it understand. You can mandate it, but there are still going to be people who can't afford it. And if they cannot afford it, then the question is, what are you going to do about it? Are you going to fine them? Are you going to garnish their wages?

Those are questions that Senator Clinton has not answered with respect to her plan, but I think we can anticipate that there would also be people potentially who are not covered and are actually hurt if they have a mandate imposed on them.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, this is a substantive difference on health care --

LOSER Yes, it is.

MODERATOR -- between the two of you. Go ahead and respond.

LOSER Well, let me start by saying that this is a passionate cause of my public service. I started trying to expand health care many years ago, first to children, and to rural areas in Arkansas, and obviously tackled it during my husband's administration.

And the reason why I have designed a plan that, number one, tells people, "If you have health insurance and you're happy with it, nothing changes," is because we want to maximize choice for people.

So if you are satisfied, you're not one of the people who will necessarily at this time take advantage of what I'm offering. But if you are uninsured or underinsured, we will open the congressional health plan to you. (Applause.)

And contrary to -- contrary to the description that Barack just gave, we actually will make it affordable for everyone because my plan lowers costs aggressively, which is important for us all; improves quality for everyone, which is essential; and the way it covers all of those who wish to participate in the congressional plan is that it will provide subsidies. And it will also cap premiums, something that is really important, becSo when you draw the distinction that, well, it's not affordable, therefore people will have to be made to get it, well, the fact is it has been designed to be affordable with health care tax credits.

And it's also important to recognize that right now there are people who could afford health care. And they're not all young; they're people who just don't feel they have to accept that responsibility. There are many states which give families the option of keeping children up till 25 on their policies, but their rates of uninsurance are still very high. We cannot get to universal health care -- which I believe is both a core (Democratic/democratic ?) value and an imperative for our country -- if we don't do one of three things either you can have a single payer system, or -- (cheers, applause) -- which I know a lot of people favor, but for many reasons is difficult to achieve -- or you can mandate employers -- well, that's also very controversial -- or you can do what I am proposing, which is to have shared responsibility.

Now, in Barack's plan, he very clearly says he will mandate that parents get health insurance for his children. So it's not that he is against mandatory provisions; it's that he doesn't think it would be politically acceptable to require that for everyone.

Because we want to make sure that it is affordable for all.

I just disagree with that. I think we as Democrats have to be willing to fight for universal health care. (Applause.)

And what I've concluded when I was looking at this, because I got the same kind of advice which was, it's controversial; you'll run into all of this buzzsaw. And I said, been there, done that. (Laughter.) But if you don't start by saying you're going to achieve universal health care, you will be nibbled to death.

And I think it's imperative that as we move forward in this debate and into the campaign, that we recognize what both John Edwards and I did, that you have to bite this bullet. You have to say, yes, we are going to try to get universal health care. What I have designed makes it affordable, provides premium caps, so it's never above a small percentage of what individuals are asked to pay.

(Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, let me just fine-tune the question, because I know you want to respond. On this issue of mandates, those who don't, whether it's 10 million or 15 million, those who can afford it but don't wind up buying health insurance for one reason or another -- they wind up getting sick; they go to an emergency room. All of us wind up paying for their health care. That's the biggest criticism that's been leveled at your plan.

WINNER If people are gaming the system, there are ways that we can address that, by for example making them pay some of the back premiums for not having gotten it in the first place.

But understand that number one, Hillary says that she's got enough subsidies.

Well, we've priced out both our plan and Senator Clinton's plan, and some of the subsidies are not going to be sufficient, point number one.

Point number two is that I am actually not interested in just capping premiums. I want to lower premiums by about an average of $2,500 per family, per year, because people right now cannot afford it. I can't tell you how many folks I meet who have premiums that are so high that essentially they don't have health insurance. They have house insurance. (Scattered applause.)

What they do is they have a $10,000 deductible or what have you to try to reduce costs. They never go to a doctor. And that ended up something that we paid for. So I'm trying to reduce premiums for all families.

But the last point I want to make has to do with how we're going to actually get this plan done. You know, Ted Kennedy said that he is confident that we will get universal health care with me as president, and he's been working on it longer than I think about -- than anybody. But he's gone through 12 of these plans, and each time they have failed.

And part of the reason I think that they have failed is we have not been able to bring Democrats, Republicans together to get it done.

That's what I did in Illinois -- (applause) -- to provide insurance for people who did not have it. That's what I will do in bringing all parties together, not negotiating behind closed doors but bringing all parties together, and broadcasting those negotiations on C-SPAN so that the American people can see what the choices are, because part of what we have to do is enlist -- (applause) -- the American people in this process, and overcoming the special interests and the lobbyists who are -- Senator Clinton is right; they will resist anything that we try to do.

My plan, her plan, they will try to resist. And the antidote to that is making sure that the American people understand what is at stake. I'm absolutely committed to making sure that anybody in America who needs health care is going to get it.

MODERATOR I just want to be precise, and I'll let Senator Clinton respond, but you say broadcast on C-SPAN these deliberations. Is that a swipe at Senator Clinton because she --

WINNER No, it's not a swipe. This is something that I've been talking about consistently. What I want to do is increase transparency and accountability to offset the power of the special interests and the lobbyists. (Applause.) If a drug company -- if the drug companies or a member of Congress who's carrying water for the drug companies wants to argue that we should not negotiate for the cheapest available price on drugs, then I want them to make that argument in front of the American people.

And I will have experts who explain that, in fact, it is legitimate for drug companies to make profits, but they are making outsized profits on the backs of senior citizens who need those prescription drugs. And that is an argument that the American people have to be involved with. Otherwise we're not going to get any plan through. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, we remember '93. When you were formulating your health care plan, it was done in secret.

LOSER Well, it was an effort to try to begin this conversation, which we're now continuing. It has been a difficult conversation. There have been a lot of efforts. And I'm proud that one of the efforts I was involved in 10 years ago resulted in the children's health insurance program. We now have a million children in California -- (applause) -- who every month get health insurance because of that bipartisan effort. We obviously are running into the presidential veto and not being able to expand it.

But this issue is so important, and I just want to underscore three really critical points. First of all, I have said in my plan that we have to regulate the health insurance industry differently.

We have to say to them that they can no longer deny coverage to anyone, and they have to cover everyone, including every preexisting condition. (Applause.)

Secondly, we've got to make it clear to the drug companies that they do deserve to be part of the solution, because we all benefit from the lifesaving remedies they come up with. But we pay for it many times over. It is American taxpayers who pay for the research.

It is American taxpayers who pay for a lot of the clinical studies.

That's why, while we're looking at getting to universal health care, we also have to give Medicare the right to negotiate with drug companies, to get the price down -- (applause) -- to begin to rein in those costs across the board.

And -- and finally, it is so important that as Democrats we carry the banner of universal health care. The health insurance industry is very clever and extremely well-funded. I know this. I had $300 million of incoming advertising and attacks during our efforts back in '93 and '94. And one of the reasons why I've designed the plan that I have put forward now is because I learned a lot about what people want, what people are willing to accept, and how we get the political process to work.

And certainly it is important that the president come up with the plan, but we'll have to persuade Congress to put all of those deliberations on C-SPAN. Now, I think we might be able to do that, but that's a little heavier lift than what the president is going to propose because what happens is we have to have a coalition. I think the plan I have proposed is if you take business, which pays the costs and wants to get those costs down; take labor, that has to negotiate over health care instead of wages; take doctors, nurses, hospitals, who want to get back into the business of taking care of people instead of working for insurance companies; I think we will have a coalition that can withstand the health insurance and the drug companies, and that's what I intend to do. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. The next question, a related question, from Doyle.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, one other thing both of your health insurance proposals have in common is they would cost billions of dollars in new spending, and both of you have proposed raising taxes on a lot of Americans to pay for that and for other proposals. Well, now, you know what's going to happen this fall in the general election campaign The Republicans are going to call you tax-and-spend liberal Democrats, and that's a charge that's been effective in the past. How are you going to counter that charge?

WINNER Well, first of all, I don't think the Republicans are going to be in a real strong position to argue fiscal responsibility when they've added 4 (trillion dollars) or $5 trillion worth of national debt. (Cheers, applause.)

You know, I am happy to have that argument.

If John McCain, for example, is the nominee, I respect that John McCain in the first two rounds of Bush tax cuts said it is irresponsible; that we have never before cut taxes at the same time as we are going into war. And somewhere along the line the Straight Talk Express lost some wheels -- (laughter) -- and now he is in favor of extending Bush tax cuts that went to some of the wealthiest Americans, who don't need them and were not even asking for them.

So I've already said a sizable portion of my health care plan will be paid for because we emphasize savings. We invest in prevention. So that, you know, as I said before, the chronically ill, that account for 20 ppercent -- or the 20 percent of chronically ill patients that account for 80 percent of the cost -- that they're getting better treatment. We are actually paying for a dietician for people to lose weight, as opposed to paying for the $30,000 foot amputation. That will save us money.

We can conservatively save 100 (billion dollars) to $150 billion a year under my plan. That pays for part of it. Part of it is paid for by rolling back the Bush tax cuts on the top 1 percent.

(Applause.)

Now, so my plan is paid for. But one thing that I think we're going to have to do as Democrats when we go after the Republicans is, the question is not tax cuts, tax hikes. The question is, who are the tax cuts for? Who are the tax hikes imposed upon?

What we have had right now is a situation where we cut taxes for people who don't need them. Warren Buffett has said, you know, I made $46 million last year. That was a bad year for me, but I can still afford to pay more than my secretary, who has a higher tax rate than I do. That is not fair, and I want to change that.

We've got a trillion dollars worth of corporate tax loopholes and tax havens, and I've said I will close those. And I will give tax cuts to people making $75,000 a year or less by offsetting their payroll tax. Senior citizens making less than $50,000 a year -- we want to eliminate taxes for them.

So the question is, can we restore a sense of balance to our economy and make sure that those of us who are blessed and fortunate, and have thrived in this economy, in this global economy, that we can afford to pay a little bit more, so that that child in East Los Angeles, who is in a crumbling school with teachers that are having to dig into their own pockets for school supplies, that they are having a chance at the American dream as well? I'm happy to have that argument. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Let me let -- Senator Clinton, your health care plan is estimated it will cost $110 billion annually. You want to tax the rich to pay for that, is that what you're saying?

LOSER Well, let me say that the way I would pay for this is to take the Bush tax cuts that are set to expire on people making more than $250,000 a year -- that would raise about $55 billion, and I would put that into these subsides for the health care tax credits so that people would be able to afford the health care that we are offering.

The other 55 billion (dollars) would come from the modernization and the efficiencies that I believe we can obtain. We spend more money than anybody in the world on health care, and it -- there is no end in sight. Yet we don't get the best results, we don't have the longest lifespan, we don't have the best infant mortality rates. We could do so much better.

And here are some of the ideas that I have put on the table.

Number one, the Bush administration has given enormous tax giveaways to HMOs and drug companies, under the Medicare prescription Part D program, under the HMO program in Medicare. I would rein those in.

They are not being earned. They do not produce the results that are supposedly being touted by the Bush administration. (Applause.)

I would also move toward electronic medical records -- something that I've worked on for nearly five years, on a bipartisan basis, started with Newt Gingrich and Bill Frist. We passed my legislation through the Senate a year ago. Didn't get it through the Republican House. Now we're going to try again in the Democratic Congress.

If we had electronic medical records, according to the RAND Corporation, hardly a bastion of liberal thinking -- (laughter) -- they have said we would save $77 billion a year. That money can be put into prevention. It could be put into chronic care management. It can be put into making sure that our health care system has enough access so that if you are in rural community somewhere in California or somewhere in Tennessee or somewhere in Georgia, you'll have access to health care. If you're in an inner-city area, and you see your hospital, like the Drew Medical Center, closed on you, then you're going to have a place once again where you can get health care in the immediate area.

So we can begin to be more effective and more sensible about how we cover everybody, and use the money from the top-end tax cuts and from modernizing the system. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Jeanne has a question on a different subject, but I just want to be precise. When you let -- if you become president, either one of you let the Bush tax cuts lapse, there will be, effectively, tax increases on millions of Americans.

WINNER On -- on -- on -- on wealthy Americans.

LOSER Yeah, that's right.

WINNER And then look, I -- I -- I'm not --

MODERATOR You're willing to go into --

WINNER I'm not bashful about it.

LOSER Absolutely, absolutely.

WINNER I suspect a lot of this crowd. It looks like a pretty well-dressed crowd. (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

WINNER You guys are -- potentially pay a little bit more. I will pay a little bit more.

But as I said, you know, we have, I believe, a moral obligation to make sure that everybody has the opportunity to get health care in this country.

And one last point I want to make. We will have to make some up- front costs. That's why -- in either of our plans. You know, if we want to invest in electronic medical records, then we've got to go to rural hospitals who might not be able to afford it and say we're going to help you buy the computer software and -- and the machinery to make sure that this works. But that investment will pay huge dividends over the long term, and the place where it will pay the biggest dividends is in Medicare and Medicaid because if we can get a healthier population, that is the only way over the long term that we can actually control that spending that is going to break the federal budget. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER But Wolf, it's just really important to underscore here that we will go back to the tax rates we had before George Bush became president, and my memory is people did really well during that time period.

WINNER They were doing just fine.

LOSER And they will keep doing really well. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right, Jeanne.

CUMMINGS On immigration. The Republicans have had a pretty fierce debate over immigration, and it's now pretty clear that that's going to be an issue for you-all as well, not just in the general, but it's bubbled up in some of the primaries. And it's a divisive issue for you-all as it is for the Republicans. And that was pretty evident when we got a question through Politico.

This is from Kim Millman (sp) from Burnsville, Minnesota. And she says "There's been no acknowledgement by any of the presidential candidates of the negative economic impact of immigration on the African-American community. How do you propose to address the high unemployment rates and the declining wages in the African-American community that are related to the flood of immigrant labor?"

Senator Obama, you want to go first on that? And it's for both of you-all.

WINNER Well, let me first of all say that I have worked on the streets of Chicago as an organizer, with people who've been laid off from steel plants -- black, white, Hispanic, Asian -- and all of them are feeling economically insecure right now, and they have been for many years. Before the latest round of immigrants showed up, you had huge unemployment rates among African-American youth.

And so I think to suggest somehow that the problem that we're seeing, in inner city unemployment for example, is attributable to immigrants, I think, is a case of scapegoating that I do not believe in, I do not subscribe to. (Cheers, applause.)

And this is where we do have a very real difference with the other party. I believe that we can be a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.

Now, there is no doubt that we have to get control of our borders. We can't have hundreds of thousands of people coming over to the United States without us having any idea who they are. I also believe that we do have to crack down on those employers that are taking advantage of the situation, hiring folks who cannot complain about worker conditions, who aren't getting the minimum wage sometimes or aren't getting overtime. We have to crack down on them. I also believe we have to give a pathway to citizenship, after they have paid a fine and learned English, to those who are already here. Because if we don't, they will continue to undermine U.S. wages.

But let's understand more broadly that the economic problems that African Americans are experiencing, whites are experiencing, blacks and Latinos are experiencing in this country are all rooted in the fact that we have had an economy out of balance. We've had tax cuts that went up instead of down. We have had a lack of investment in basic infrastructure in this country. Our education system is chronically underfunded.

(Applause.) And so there are a whole host of reasons why we have not been generating the kinds of jobs that we are generating. We should not use immigration as a -- as a tactic to divide. Instead we should pull the country together to get this economy back on track. That's what I intend to do as president of the United States of America.

(Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, now we're going to stay on the subject, but Doyle has a follow-up.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, Senator Obama has said that he favors allowing illegal immigrants to obtain drivers' licenses, and you oppose that idea. Why?

LOSER Well, let me start with the original question from Kim (sp), because I think it deserves an answer. I believe that in many parts of our country, because of employers who exploit undocumented workers and drive down wages, there are job losses. And I think we should be honest about that. (Applause.) There are people who have been pushed out of jobs in factories and meat processing plants and all kinds of settings. And I meet them. You know, I was in Atlanta last night, and an African-American man said to me, "I used to have a lot of construction jobs, and now it just seems like the only people who get them anymore are people who are here without documentation."

So I -- I know that what we have to do is to bring our country together to have a comprehensive immigration reform solution. That is the answer. (Applause.)

And it is important that we make clear to Kim and people who are worried about this that that is actually in the best interests of those who are concerned about losing their jobs or already have, because if we can tighten our borders, if we can crack down on employers who exploit workers -- both those who are undocumented and those who are here as citizens or legal -- if we can do more to help local communities cope with the costs that they often have to contend with, if we do more to help our friends to the south create more jobs for their own people, and if we take what we know to be the realities that we confront -- 12 (million) to 14 million people here -- what will we do with them? Well, I hear the voices from the other side of the aisle, I hear the voices on TV and radio, and they are living in some other universe, talking about deporting people, rounding them up. I don't agree with that, and I don't think it's practical.

And therefore, what we've got to do is to say come out of the shadows, we will register everyone. We will check, because if you have committed a crime in this country or the country you came from, then you will not be able to stay; you will have to be deported. But for the vast majority of people who are here, we will give you a path to legalization if you meet the following conditions.

Pay a fine because you entered illegally. Be willing to pay back taxes over time. Try to learn English, and we have to help you do that, because we've cut back on so many of those services. And then you wait in line.

That not only is, I think, the best way to approach the problem of our 12 (million) to 14 million who are here, but that also says to Kim, Kim, this is the best answer as well. Because once we have those conditions met, and people agree, then they will not be in a labor market that undercuts anybody else's wages.

MODERATOR Senator.

LOSER And therefore it's imperative we approach it this way. Only after people have agreed to these conditions, Doyle, and that they have been willing to say yes, they will meet those conditions, do I think we ought to talk about privileges like driver's licenses. Because otherwise I think you will further undermine the labor market for people like the ones Kim is referring to. We need to solve this problem, not exacerbate it, and that's what I intend to do as president. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

We have a follow-up, Senator Obama. In an interview with CNN this week, you said this. You said, quote, "I stood up for a humane and intelligent immigration policy in a way that frankly none of my other opponents did." What did you mean by that?

WINNER Well, what I meant was that when this issue came up, not driver's license but comprehensive immigration reform generally, I worked with Ted Kennedy, I worked with Dick Durbin, I worked with John McCain -- although he may not admit it now -- (laughter) -- to move this issue forward aggressively.

And it's a hard political issue, let's be honest. This is not an issue that polls well. But I think it is the right thing to do. And I think we have to show leadership on the issue. (Applause.)

And it is important for us, I believe, to recognize that the problems that workers are experiencing generally are not primarily caused by immigration.

MODERATOR But --

WINNER (Inaudible.)

MODERATOR -- are you -- (inaudible) -- Senator Clinton's policy was not, in your words, humane?

WINNER That is -- what I said was that we have to stand up for these issues when it's tough. And that's what I've done. I did it when I was in the state legislature, sponsoring the Illinois version of the DREAM Act, so that children who were brought here through no fault of their own are able to go to college, because we actually want well-educated kids -- (applause) -- in our country who are able to -- who are able to succeed and become part of this economy and part of the American dream.

MODERATOR Was she lacking on that front?

WINNER Wolf, you keep on trying to -- trying to push on --

MODERATOR I'm just trying to find out what you mean.

WINNER There are those who were opposed to this issue and there have been those who have flipped on the issue and have run away from the issue.

This wasn't directed particularly at Senator Clinton, but the fact of the matter is, I have stood up consistently on this issue.

On the driver's license issue, I don't actually want -- I don't believe that we're going to have to deal with this if we have comprehensive immigration reform because, as I said before, people don't come here to drive, they come here to work. (Applause.) And if we have signed them up -- if they have -- if we have registered them, if they have paid a fine, if they are learning English, if they are going to the back of the line, if we fix our legal immigration system, then I believe we will not have this problem of undocumented workers in this country because people will be able to actually go on pathway to citizenship. That, I think, is the right approach for African- Americans, I think it's the right approach for Latinos, I think it's the right approach for white workers here in the United States as well. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I want to let --

LOSER Well, Wolf --

MODERATOR -- Senator Clinton respond, but were you missing in action when Senator Obama and Senator McCain and Senator Kennedy started formulating comprehensive immigration reform?

LOSER Well, actually, I cosponsored comprehensive immigration reform in 2004, before Barack came to the Senate. (Cheers, applause.) So I have been on record on behalf of this for quite some time.

And you know, representing New York, the homeland with the Statue of Liberty bringing all of our immigrants to our shores has been not only an extraordinary privilege, but given me the opportunity to speak out on these issues. When the House of Representatives passed the most mean-spirited provision that said if you were to give any help whatsoever to someone here illegally, you would commit a crime, I stood up and said that would have criminalized the Good Samaritan and Jesus Christ himself. (Applause.)

I have been on record on this, against this kind of demagoguery, this mean-spiritedness.

And you know, it is something that I take very personally, because I have not only worked on behalf of immigrants, I have been working to make conditions better for many years. I was so honored to get the farm workers' endorsement last week -- (applause) -- because for so many years I have stood with farm workers, who do some of the hardest work there is anywhere in our country.

So we may be looking at the immigration reform issue as a political issue. And it certainly has been turned into one by those who I think are undermining the values of America.

It is a -- a -- a serious question. We have to fix this broken system. But let's do it in a practical, realistic approach. Let's bring people together. And I think as president I can. You know, I've been going to town halls all over America, and I see the people out there, thousands of them, who come to hear me, and you know, they're nervous about immigration, and for the reasons that the economy isn't working for people.

The average American family has lost a thousand dollars in income. They're looking for some explanation as to why this is happening. And they often ask exactly the kind of question that Kim asked, with a real edge or a real, you know, amount of anxiety in their voice. And then I ask them, well, what would you do?

If you want to round up and deport people, how many tens of thousands of federal law enforcement officials would that take? And how much authority would they have to be given to knock on every door of every business and every home? I don't think Americans would stand for that, so we have to get realistic and practical about this. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Very quickly Senator, why not then, if you're that passionate about it, let them get driver's licenses?

LOSER Well, we disagree on this.

I do not think that it is either appropriate to give a driver's license to someone who's here undocumented, putting them frankly at risk, because that is clear evidence that they are not here legally. And I believe it is a diversion from what should be the focus at creating a political coalition with the courage to stand up and change the immigration system. (Applause.)

WINNER The only point I would make is, Senator Clinton gave a number of different answers over the course of six weeks on this issue, and that did appear political.

Now, you know, at this point she's got a clear position, but it took a while. (Applause.) And --

LOSER Well --

WINNER I'm just being -- just in fairness, initially in a debate you said you were for it. Then you said you were against it. And the only reason I bring that up is to underscore the fact that this is a difficult political issue.

From my perspective, I agree with Bill Richardson that there is a public safety concern here and that we're better off -- because I don't want a bunch of hit-and-run drivers because they're worried about being deported and so they don't report an accident. That is a judgment call. (Scattered applause.)

But I do think it is important to recognize that this can be tough. And the question is, who is going to tackle this problem and solve it? Many of the solutions that Senator Clinton just talked about are solutions that I agree with, that I've been working on for many years. And my suspicion is, whatever our differences, we're going to have big differences with the Republicans. But I think a practical, common-sense solution to the problem is what the American people are looking for.

LOSER Well, I just have to correct the record for one second, because obviously we do agree about the need to have comprehensive immigration reform. And if I recall, about a week after I said that I would try to support my governor, although I didn't agree with it personally, you were asked the same question and could not answer it. So this is a difficult issue. (Applause.) And both of us have to recognize that it is not something that we easily come to, because we share a lot of the same values.

WINNER I agree.

LOSER We want to be fair to people. We want to respect the dignity of every human being, every person who is here. But we are trying to work our way through to get to where we need to be, and that is to have a united Democratic Party with fair-minded Republicans who will join us to fix this broken immigration system. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right, we're going to talk a lot more about this. We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to talk about. You can follow all of the action, by the way, on CNNPolitics.com. And there's a lively dialogue going on there right now, CNNPolitics.com.

We'll take a quick break. We'll pick up with two issues, experience and character, and then move on to a lot more right after this.

(Announcements.)

WINNER (Joined in progress from the source) -- Americans disagree -- (laughs, cheers, applause) -- and think that we need to move forward with new leadership. So I -- that's why we're having this contest.

You know, I have spent my entire adult life trying to bring about change in this country. I started off as a community organizer working on the streets of Chicago, providing job training and -- and after-school programs and economic development for neighborhoods that had been devastated by steel plants that had closed. I worked as a civil rights attorney, turning down lucrative corporate jobs to provide justice for those who'd been denied on the job or at the ballot box. (Applause.) I worked as a state legislator for years, providing health care to people who did not have it, reforming a death penalty system that was broken -- (scattered applause) -- providing tax relief to those who needed it. and in the United States Senate, I've worked on everything from nuclear proliferation to issues of alternative energy. And in each instance, what I have found is is that the leadership that's needed is the ability to bring people together who otherwise don't see anything in common; the ability to overcome the special interests -- and I passed both in Washington and in Illinois comprehensive ethics reform that opened up government so that the American people could be involved; and talking straight to the American people about how we're going to solve these problems, and putting in the hard work of negotiations to get stuff done.

So I respect Senator Clinton's record. I think it's a -- it's a terrific record. But I also believe that the skills that I have are the ones that are needed right now to move the country forward; otherwise, I wouldn't be running for president of the United States of America. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

Senator -- Senator Clinton, you've been a senator only a few more years than Senator Obama's been a senator. What experience as a first lady qualifies you to be president of the United States?

LOSER Well, I would go back 35 years, Wolf, because when I first got out of law school, I didn't want to go to work for a law firm. I wanted to go to work for the Children's Defense Fund and to work on behalf of -- (applause) -- abused and neglected kids and kids with disabilities and kids who didn't have education or health care.

And I really spent a great deal of my early adulthood, you know, bringing people together to help solve the problems of those who were without a voice and were certainly powerless. I was honored to be appointed by President Carter to the Legal Services Corporation, which I chaired, and we grew that corporation from 100 million to 300 million. It is the primary vehicle by which people are given access to our courts when they have civil problems that need to be taken care of.

You know, I've run projects that provided aid for prisoners in prisons. I helped to reform the education system in Arkansas and expand rural health care. And I've had a lot of varied experiences both in the private sector as well as the public and the not-for- profit sector.

And certainly during those eight years that I was privileged to be in the White House, I had a great deal of responsibility that was given to me to not only work on domestic issues like health care, and when we weren't successful on universal health care, I just turned around and said, "Well, we're going to get the Children's Health Insurance Program." And I'm so proud we do, because now 6 million children around the country every month get health care.

And I took on the drug companies to make sure that they would test drugs to see if they were safe and effective for our kids, and began to change the adoption and foster care system. Here in California, because of the Adoption and Safe Families Act, we have three times more children being adopted out of foster care.

(Applause.)

And certainly the work that I was able to do around the world, going to more than 82 countries, negotiating with governments like Macedonia to open their border again, to let Kosovar refugees in, speaking on behalf of women's rights as human rights in Beijing -- (cheers, applause) -- to send a message across the world that this is critical to who we are as Americans, and to go to the Senate and to begin to work across the party lines with people who honestly never thought they would work with me -- but believe public service is a trust, and I get up every day, try to make change in people's lives. And today we have 20,000 National Guard and Reserve members in California who have access to health care because I teamed up with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina to get that done --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- really positive change in people's lives, in real ways that I am very proud of. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Jeanne Cummings of Politico, go ahead.

CUMMINGS Well, we've got a question on this that's come in on politico.com. And it echoes, I think, a message that you all might be fighting up against if Mitt Romney turns out to be your opponent come fall. We've talked about McCain. Now we have Romney's strengths to address.

Now -- (name inaudible) -- of Pasadena, California, says he views the country as a very large business. And neither one of you have ever run a business. So why should either of you be elected to be CEO of the country.

LOSER Well, I would, with all due respect, say that the United States government is much more than a business. (Applause.) It is a trust. It is the most complicated organization but it is not out to make a profit. It is out to help the American people. It is about to stand up for our values and to do what we should, at home and around the world, to keep faith with who we are as a country.

And with all due respect, we have a president who basically ran as the CEO/MBA president. Look what we got. I am not too happy about the results. (Cheers, applause.)

WINNER Let me just also point out that Mitt Romney hasn't gotten a very good return on his investment during this presidential campaign. (Laughter, applause.) So I'm happy to take a look at my management style during the course of this last year and his.

I think they compare fairly well. (Laughter, cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Go ahead, Doyle.

(Pause, laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR I want to switch to a different theme. (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, this week, as you know, Senator Obama was endorsed by Senator Ted Kennedy and Caroline Kennedy. And they both argued that the country's ready for a new generation of leaders, and they said Barack Obama, like John F. Kennedy in 1960, is that kind of leader. How do you respond to that?

LOSER Well, I have the greatest respect for Senator Kennedy and the Kennedy family, and I'm proud to have three of Senator Robert Kennedy's children -- Robert and Kathleen and Kerry -- supporting me. But what I think is -- (cheers, applause) -- what I think is exciting is that the way we are looking at the Democratic field, now down to the two of us, is we're going to get big change. We're going to have change. I think having the first woman president would be a huge change for America and the world. (Cheers, applause.)

But of course, despite the enthusiasm of our supporters or our endorsers -- and we're both proud of everyone who has come to be part of our campaign -- this is about the two of us.

You have to, as voters, determine who you think can be the best president, to tackle all those problems on day one waiting in the Oval Office, who can be the best nominee for the Democratic Party, to be able to withstand whatever they decide to do on the other side of the aisle and come out victorious.

But ultimately, this is really about the American people. It's about your lives. It's about your jobs, your health care, whether you can afford to send your children to college, whether you'll be able to withstand the pressure of the rising interest rates on a home foreclosure that might come your way, and whether we're going to once again be proud of our country and our leadership and our moral authority in the world.

And so I think that as we look at these upcoming contests, 22 of them, now, on Tuesday, really every voter should be looking and examining what they want out of the next president. What are the criteria that you have for determining who you will vote for, what you think our country needs, what you and your family are really looking for? And then you evaluate the two of us, because no one else will be on the ballot. This is a very exciting and humbling experience, I think I can say for both of us.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER Neither of us would have ever predicted, you know, not very long ago, we would be sitting here.

And it is a great tribute to the Democratic Party and to America, but now we have to decide who would be the best president. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, I want you to respond but also in the context of this. A lot of Democrats remember the eight years of the Clinton administration, a period of relative peace and prosperity, and they remember it fondly. Are they right? Should they be remembering those eight years with pleasure?

WINNER Oh, I think there's no doubt that there were good things that happened during those eight years of the Clinton administration. I think that's undeniable.

Look, we're all Democrats. And particularly when looked through the lens of the last eight years with George Bush, they look even better. So I don't want to diminish some of the accomplishments that occurred during those eight years. And I absolutely agree with Senator Clinton that ultimately each of us have to be judged on our own merits. All of us have endorsers, and ultimately you've got to take a look and see, who do you want in that White House?

I do think that there was something that happened, and we've been seeing it all across the country. We saw it at the event with Senator Kennedy. We are bringing in a whole generation of new voters, which I think is exciting. (Cheers, applause.)

And part of the task, I believe, of leadership is the hard nuts- and-bolts of getting legislation passed and managing the bureaucracy. But part of it is also being able to call on the American people to reach higher, to say we shouldn't settle for an economy that does very well for some but leaves millions of people behind.

We should not accept a school in South Carolina that was built in the 1800s where kids are having to learn in trailers, and every time the railroad goes by the tracks, the building shakes and the teacher has to stop teaching.

We should not accept a foreign policy that has seen our respect diminish around the world and has not made us more safe. (Applause.)

So the question is -- part of the question is who can work the levers of power more effectively. Part of the question is also who can inspire the American people to get re-engaged in their government again, push back the special interests, reduce the influence of lobbyists. And that is something that I have worked on all my life and we are seeing in this campaign.

And one of the things I'm thrilled with is -- and this is good news for Democrats -- every single election that we've had so far in this contest, you've seen the number of people participating in the Democratic primary double. (Applause.) Now, that's not all due to me. Senator Clinton is attracting enthusiasm and support as well. But I can say, for example, in Iowa about 60 percent of those new voters voted for me. And that, I think, changes the electoral map in such a way where we're going to have more people ready to move forward on the agendas that we all agree with. That's part of the leadership I want to provide as president. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We have a follow-up question from Jeanne. Go ahead, Jeanne.

CUMMINGS Well, Senator Obama mentioned the generational issue. And when we look at returns and exit polls, there is something going on there. And we've got a question along those lines from Karen Roper (sp) from Pickens, South Carolina.

She asks to you, Senator Clinton, that "You have claimed your presidency would bring change to America. I'm 38 years old and I have never had an opportunity to vote in a presidential election in which a Bush or a Clinton wasn't on the ticket." (Scattered applause.) "How can you be an agent of change when we have had the same two families in the White House for the last 30 years?" (Applause.)

LOSER Well, as I have often said, I regret deeply that there is a Bush in the White House at this time. (Laughter.) But I think that what's great about our political system is that we are all judged on our own merits. You know, we come forward to the American public, and it's the most grueling political process one can imagine. We start from the same place. Nobody has an advantage, no matter who you are or where you came from. You have to raise the money. You have to make the case for yourself.

And I want to be judged on my own merits. I don't want to be advantaged or disadvantaged. I'm very proud of my husband's administration. I think that there were a lot of good things that happened, and those good things really changed people's lives. The trajectory of change during those eight years went from deficits and debt to a balanced budget and a surplus, all those 22 million new jobs -- (applause) -- and the hopefulness that people brought with them.

And, you know, it did take a Clinton to clean after the first Bush, and I think it might take another one to clean up after the second Bush. (Laughter, cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right, senators, stand by. We're going to take another quick break. We have a lot more to go through. Remember, you can go to CNNPolitics.com and you can monitor what's going on.

There's a lively discussion going on at CNNPolitics.com right now.

We'll take a short break. Much more of this Democratic presidential debate right after this. (Cheers, applause.) Three minutes. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

(Applause.)

MODERATOR We're at the Kodak Theatre here in Los Angeles. Thousands of people are outside -- Hillary Clinton supporters, Barack Obama supporters. We're continuing this presidential debate right now. The next question goes to Doyle MODERATOR.

MODERATOR A question about the issue of Iraq. Senator Clinton, you've both called for a gradual withdrawal of combat troops from Iraq, but Senator Obama says he wants all combat troops out within 16 months of his Inauguration, and you haven't offered a specific end date. Why shouldn't voters worry that your position could turn into an open-ended commitment?

LOSER Well, because, Doyle, I have been very clear in saying that I will begin to withdraw troops in 60 days. I believe that it will take me one to two brigades a month, depending upon how many troops we have there, and that nearly all of them should be out within a year.

It is imperative, though, that we actually plan and execute this right. And you may remember last spring I got into quite a back-and- forth with the Pentagon because I was concerned they were not planning for withdrawal, because that was contrary to their strategy or their stated position. And I began to press them to let us know, and they were very resistant and gave only cursory information to us.

So I've said that I will ask the Joint Chiefs and the secretary of Defense and my security advisers the very first day I'm president to begin to draw up such a plan so that we can withdraw.

But I just want to be very clear with people that it's not only bringing our young men and women and our equipment out -- which is dangerous; they've got to go down those same roads where they have been subjected to bombing and so much loss of life and injury. We have to think about what we're going to do with the more than 100,000 American civilians who are there, working for the embassy, working for businesses, working for charities.

And I also believe we've got to figure out what to do with the Iraqis who sided with us. You know, a lot of the drivers and translators saved so many of our young men and women's lives, and I don't think we can walk out on them without having some plan as to how to take care of those who are targeted.

At the same time, we've got to tell the Iraqi government there is no -- there is no more time. They're out of time. They've got to make the tough decisions they have avoided making. They've got to take responsibility for their own country. (Applause.)

And, you know, I think both Barack and I have tried in these debates, and sometimes been pushed by some of our opponents, to be as responsible as we can be, because we know that this president, based on what he said in the State of the Union, intends to leave at least 130,000, if not more, troops in Iraq as he exits. It's the most irresponsible abdication of what should be a presidential commitment to end what he started.

So we will inherit it. And therefore, I will do everything I can to get as many of our troops out as quickly as possible, taking into account all of these contingencies that we're going to have to contend with once we're in charge and once we can get into the Pentagon to figure out what's really there and what's going on.

MODERATOR But you can't make a commitment, though, that 16 months after your inauguration would be enough time?

LOSER I certainly -- I certainly hope it will be, and I said I hope to have nearly all of them out within a year.

MODERATOR Go ahead.

WINNER Well, you know, I -- I think it is important for us to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in. And -- (applause) -- so I have said very clearly I will end this war. We will not have a permanent occupation and we will not have permanent bases in Iraq. (Applause.) When John McCain suggests that we might be there a hundred years, that I think indicates a profound lack of understanding that we've got a whole host of global threats out there -- including Iraq, but we've got a -- a big problem right now in Afghanistan. Pakistan is a great concern. We are neglecting potentially our foreign policy with respect to Latin America. China is strengthening. And if we neglect our economy by spending $200 billion every year in this war that has not made us more safe -- (applause) -- that is undermining our long-term security.

But I do think it is important for us to set a date. And the reason I think it is important is because if we are going to send a signal to the Iraqis that we are serious, and prompt the Shi'a, the Sunni and the Kurds to actually come together and negotiate, they have to have clarity about how serious we are. It can't be muddy. It can't be fuzzy. They've got to know that we are serious about this process.

And I also think we've got to be very clear about what our mission is, and there may be a difference here between Senator Clinton and myself in terms of the force structures that we would leave behind. Both of us have said we would make sure that our embassies and our civilians are protected. Both of us have said that we've got to care for Iraqi civilians, including the 4 million who have been displaced already. We already have a humanitarian crisis and we have not taken those responsibilities seriously. We both have said that we need to have a strike force that can take out potential terrorist bases that get set up in Iraq.

But the one thing that I think is very important is that we not get mission creep and we not start suggesting that we should have troops in Iraq to blunt Iranian influence.

If we were concerned about Iranian influence, we should not have had this government installed in the first place. (Applause.) We shouldn't have invaded in the first place. It was part of the reason that I think it was such a profound strategic error for us to go into this war in the first place -- (applause) -- and that's one of the reasons why I think I will be -- just to -- to -- just to finish up this point, I think I will be the Democrat who will be most effective in going up against a John McCain -- or any other Republican, because they all want basically a continuation of George Bush's policies -- because I will offer a clear contrast as somebody who never supported this war, thought it was a bad idea. I don't want to just end the war, but I want to end the mind-set that got us into war in the first place. That's the kind of leadership I intend to provide as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER And -- and of course, you know --

MODERATOR Senator -- Senator Clinton, that's a clear swipe at you. (Laughter.)

LOSER Really? (Laughter.)

WINNER I wouldn't call it a "swipe." I think --

LOSER We're having -- we're having such a good time.

WINNER We are having a -- we're having --

LOSER We are, we are. We're having a wonderful time.

WINNER Yeah, absolutely. (Laughter, applause.)

LOSER And I am so -- I am so proud to have the support of leaders like Congresswoman Maxine Waters, who's here with us tonight -- (cheers, applause) -- who was one of the -- who was one of the original conveners of the Out of Iraq Caucus because it is imperative that as we move forward with what will be a very difficult process -- there are no good options here.

We have to untangle ourselves and navigate through some very treacherous terrain.

And as we do so, it is absolutely clear to me that we have to send several messages at once. Yes, we are withdrawing, and I personally believe that is the best message to send to the Iraqis. That they need to know that they have to get serious, because so far, they have been under the illusion that the Bush administration and the Republicans, who have more of the same, will be there indefinitely.

And I also think it's important to send that message to the region, because I think that Iran, Syria, the other countries in the neighborhood are going to find themselves in a very difficult position as we withdraw. You know, be careful what you wish for. They will be dragged into what is sectarian divisiveness with many different factions among the three main groups. Therefore, we need to start diplomatic efforts immediately getting the Iranians and Syrians and others to the table. It's in their interest, it's in our interest, and it certainly is in the Iraqis' interest.

WINNER Right.

LOSER The other point that I want to underscore, though, is that -- I asked Barack a few debates ago -- we've had so many of them -- to join with me on legislation, which he has agreed to do, that's very important, to prevent President Bush from committing our country to an ongoing presence in Iraq. (Applause.)

That is something he is trying to push, and we are pushing legislation to prevent him from doing that. He has taken the view that I find absolutely indefensible that he doesn't have to bring any such agreement about permanent bases, about ongoing occupation, and if Senator McCain is the nominee, 100 years as stretching forward, he doesn't have to bring that to the United States Congress; he only has to get the approval of the Iraqi parliament.

Well, we are saying absolutely no. And we're going to do everything we can to prevent him from binding any of us going into the future in a way that will undermine America's interests. (Applause.) So that's a critical --

MODERATOR We have a follow-up question on this subject from Jeanne Cummings. Go ahead, Jeanne.

CUMMINGS Senator Clinton, this one is for you. Judgment has been an issue that's been raised as part of this debate about Iraq. It's been raised by Senator Obama on a number of occasions.

And as this debate has gone on, more than half of the Politico readers have voted for this question, and it is, in effect, a judgment question. It comes from Howard Schumann from Pittsburgh, Maine.

And he asks Before the U.S. invasion of Iraq, you could have voted for the Levin amendment, which required President Bush to report to Congress about the U.N. inspection before taking military action. Why did you vote against that amendment?

LOSER Well, Howard, that's an important question, and the reason is because although I believe strongly that we needed to put inspectors in -- that was the underlying reason why I at least voted to give President Bush the authority -- put those inspectors in, let them do their work, figure out what is there and what isn't there.

And I have the greatest respect for my friend and colleague, Senator Levin. He's my chairman on the Senate Armed Services Committee.

The way that amendment was drafted suggested that the United States would subordinate whatever our judgment might be going forward to the United Nations Security Council. I don't think that was a good precedent. Therefore I voted against it. I did vote with Senator Byrd to limit the authority that was being given to President Bush to one year, and that also was not approved.

You know, I've said many times, if I had known then what I know now, I never would have given President Bush the authority. It was a sincere vote, based on my assessment at the time and what I believed he would do with the authority he was given. He abused that authority. He misused that authority. I warned, at the time, it was not authority for a pre-emptive war. Nevertheless he went ahead and waged one, which has led to the position we find ourselves in today.

But I think now we have to look at how we go forward. There will be a great debate between us and the Republicans, because the Republicans are still committed to George Bush's policy. And some are more committed than others, with Senator McCain's recent comments. He's now accusing me of surrendering, because I believe we should withdraw starting within 60 days of my becoming president.

Well, that is a debate I welcome because I think the Democrats have a much better grasp of the reality of the situation that we are confronting. And we have to continue to press that case. It will be important, however, that our nominee be able to present both a reasoned argument against continuing our presence in Iraq, and the necessary credentials and gravitas for commander in chief. That has to cross that threshold in the mind of every American voter. The Republicans will try to put either one of us into the same box -- that if we oppose this president's Iraq policy, somehow we cannot fully represent the interests of the United States, be commander in chief. I reject that out of hand, and I actually welcome that debate with whomever they nominate. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator -- look, I want you to respond, Senator, but also in the context of what we've heard from General David Petraeus, that there has been some progress made lately, the number of U.S. casualties has gone down, there has been some stability in parts of Iraq where there was turmoil before, and that any quick -- overly quick -- withdrawal could undermine all of that, and all of that progress would be for naught. What do you say when you'll hear that argument?

WINNER I welcome the progress. This notion that Democrats don't want to see progress in Iraq is ridiculous. I have to hug mothers in rope lines during town hall meetings as they weep over their fallen sons and daughters.

I want to get our troops home safely, and I want us as a country to have this mission completed honorably. But the notion that somehow we have succeeded as a consequence of the recent reductions in violence means that we have set the bar so low it's buried in the sand at this point. (Cheers, applause.)

We -- and I said this before -- we went from intolerable levels of violence and a dysfunctional government to spikes and horrific levels of violence and a dysfunctional government, and now two years later we're back to intolerable levels of violence and a dysfunctional government. And in the meantime, we have spent billions of dollars, lost thousands of lives; thousands more have been maimed and injured as a consequence and are going to have difficulty putting their lives back together again.

So, understand that this has undermined our security. In the meantime, Afghanistan has slid into more chaos than existed before we went into Iraq.

I am happy to have that argument. I also think it is going to be important, though, for the Democrats -- you know, Senator Clinton mentioned the issue of gravitas and judgment. I think it is much easier for us to have the argument when we have a nominee who says, "I always thought this was a bad idea, this was a bad strategy."

(Applause.)

It was not just a problem of execution -- it was not just a problem of execution.

I mean, they screwed up the execution of it in all sorts of ways. And I think even Senator McCain has acknowledged that.

The question is, can we make an argument that this was a conceptually flawed mission from the start, and that we need better judgment when we decide to send our young men and women into war, that we are making absolutely certain that it is because there is a imminent threat, that American interests are going to be protected, that we have a plan to succeed and to exit, that we are going to train our troops properly and equip them properly and put them on proper rotations and treat them properly when they come home?

And that is an argument that I think we are going to have a easier time making if they can't turn around and say, but hold on a second; you supported this. And that's part of the reason why I think that I would be the strongest nominee on this argument of national security. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. I'm going to let Senator Clinton respond.

Senator Clinton, you always say if you knew then what you know now, you wouldn't have voted like that. But why can't you just say right now that that vote was a mistake?

LOSER Well, Wolf, I think that if you look at what was going on at the time, and certainly I did an enormous amount of investigation and due diligence to try to determine what, if any, threat could flow from the history of Saddam Hussein being both an owner of and a seeker of weapons of mass destruction.

The idea of putting inspectors back in, that -- that was a credible idea. I believe in coercive diplomacy. I think that you try to figure out how to move bad actors in a direction that you'd prefer in order to avoid more dire consequences. And what -- if you took it on the face of it and if you took it on the basis of what we hope would happen with the inspectors going in, that in and of itself was a policy that we've used before. We have used the threat of force to try to make somebody try to change their behavior.

I think what no one could have fully appreciated is how obsessed this president was with this particular mission. And unfortunately, I and others who warned at the time, who said let the inspectors finish their work, you know, do not wage a preemptive war, use diplomacy, were just talking to a brick wall.

But you know, it's clear that if I had been president, we would never have diverted our attention from Afghanistan. When I went to Afghanistan the first time and was met by a young soldier from New York in the 10th Mountain Division who told me that I was being welcomed to the forgotten front lines in the war against terror, that just -- you know, just struck me so forcefully -- that we have so many -- (off mike) -- and it will take everyone.

It'll take a tremendous amount of -- of effort.

But the one thing I am convinced of is that if we go into our campaign against the Republicans with the idea that we are as strong as they are and we are better than they are on national security, that we can put together a -- an effective strategy to go after the terrorists -- because that is real, that is something that we cannot ignore, at our peril -- then we will be able to join the issues of the future.

And I think that's what Americans are focused on. What are we going to do going forward? Because day after day, what I spend my time working on is trying to help pick up the pieces for families and for injured soldiers, you know, trying to make sure that they get the help that they need, trying to give the resources that are required.

We had to fight to get body armor. You know, George Bush sent people to war without body armor.

MODERATOR So what I --

LOSER So we need a president who will be sensitive to the implications of the use of force and understand that force should be a last resort, not a first resort.

MODERATOR So what I hear you saying -- and correct me if I'm wrong -- is that you were naive in trusting President Bush?

LOSER No, that's not what you hear me say. (Cheers, applause.) Good try, Wolf. Good try. (Booing, shouting.)

You know --

MODERATOR Was she naive, Senator Obama?

LOSER Well, let me -- you asked the question to me. I -- you know, I deserve to answer.

MODERATOR I thought you -- I thought you weren't going to --

LOSER No, you know, I -- I think that -- you know, that -- that is a good try, Wolf. (Laughter.)

The -- you know, the -- the point is that I certainly respect Senator Obama making his speech in 2002 against the war. And then, when he came to the Senate, we've had the same policy because we were both confronting the same reality of trying to deal with the consequences of George Bush's action.

I believe that it is abundantly clear that the case that was outlined on behalf of going to the resolution -- not going to war, but going to the resolution -- was a credible case. I was told personally by the White House that they would use the resolution to put the inspectors in. I worked with Senator Levin to make sure we gave them all the intelligence so that we would know what's there.

Some people now think that this was a very clear, open-and-shut case. We bombed them for days in 1998 because Saddam Hussein threw out inspectors. We had evidence that they had a lot of bad stuff for a very long time, which we discovered after the first Gulf War.

Knowing that he was a megalomaniac, knowing he would not want to compete for attention with Osama bin Laden, there were legitimate concerns about what he might do.

So I think I made a reasoned judgment.

Unfortunately the person who actually got to execute the policy did not. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator.

WINNER I don't want to belabor this because I know we're running out of time, and I'm sure you guys want to move on to some other stuff. But I do have to just say this.

The legislation, the authorization, had the title An Authorization to Use Military Force, U.S. Military Force, in Iraq. I think everybody, the day after that vote was taken, understood, this was a vote potentially to go to war. (Applause.) I think people were very clear about that, if you look at the headlines.

The reason that this is important again is that Senator Clinton, I think, fairly has claimed that she's got the experience on day one. And part of the argument that I'm making in this campaign is that it is important to be right on day one -- (cheers, applause) -- and that the judgment that I've presented, on this issue and some other issues, is relevant to how we're going to make decisions in the future.

You know, it's not a function just of looking backwards. It's a function of looking forwards, and how are we going to be able to make a series of decisions in a very dangerous world? I mean, the terrorist threat is real. And precisely because it's real, and we've got finite resources, we don't have the capacity to just send our troops in anywhere we decide without good intelligence, without a clear rationale. That's the kind of leadership that I think we need from the next President of the United States. (Applause.)

That's what I intend to provide.

MODERATOR All right.

We're going to take a quick break. And we're going to continue this. We have one more break to go through, a lot more coming up, including questions involving character. And remember, you can go to cnnpolitics.com and watch this online discussion that's being waged right now.

We'll be right back. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

WINNER (Joined in progress from the source) -- six-year-old daughter. So I look at this not just as a legislator or a presidential candidate, but as a parent.

And as a parent, yes, I am concerned about what's coming over the airwaves. Now, right now my daughters mostly are on Nickelodeon, but they know how to work that remote. (Laughter.) And you know, the -- the primary responsibility is for parents, and I -- and I reject the notion of censorship as an approach to dealing with this problem. (Applause.)

I do think that it is important for us to make sure that we are giving parents the tools that they need in order to monitor what their children is -- are -- are watching. And obviously the problem we have now is not just what's coming over the Internet. And so for us to develop technologies and tools and invest in those technologies and tools to make sure that we are, in fact, giving parents power -- empowering parents I think is important.

The one other thing I will say is -- I don't mean to be insulting here, but -- but you know, I do think that it is important for those in the industry to show some -- some thought about who they are marketing some of these programs that are being produced to. (Applause.) And you know, I'm concerned about sex, but I'm also concerned, you know -- some of the violent slasher/horror films that come out, and you see a trailer, and I'm thinking, I don't want my six-year-old or nine-year-old seeing that trailer while she's watching "American Idol." And sometimes, you know, you see that kind of stuff coming up. I think it is appropriate in a cooperative way to work with the industry to try to deal with that problem, and I intend to work in that fashion when I'm president of the United States of America. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

All right, we've got another question from Jeanne. Go ahead, Jeanne.

CUMMINGS Well, since we've dealt with the kids, let's deal with the spouses for a second.

Senator Clinton -- (laughter) --

LOSER He's a spouse too. (Laughter.)

WINNER Thankfully Michelle is not on stage. I'm sure she could tell some stories as well.

CUMMINGS Senator Clinton, your husband has set off several fire storms in the last few weeks in early primary states with the way that he has criticized Senator Obama.

Greg Craig, who was one of your husband's top lawyers and is now a senior adviser to Senator Obama, recently asked, if your campaign can't control the former president now, what will it be like when you're in the White House?

LOSER (Laughs.) Well, one thing I think is fair to say. Both Barack and I have very passionate spouses who promote and defend us at every turn.

But the fact is that I'm running for president, and this is my campaign. (Applause.) And I have made it very clear that I want the campaign to stay focused on the issues that I'm concerned about, the kind of future that I want for our country, the work that I have done for all of these years. And that is what the campaign is about.

And, of course, I'm thrilled to have my husband and my daughter, who's here tonight, you know, representing me and traveling around the country speaking with people. But at the end of the day, it is my name that's on the ballot. And it will be my responsibility as president and commander in chief, after consulting broadly with a lot of people who have something to contribute to difficult decisions, I will have to make the call. And I am fully prepared to do that.

And I know that as we go forward in this campaign, it's a choice between the two of us. And we're proud of our spouses. We're proud of our families. We're proud of everybody supporting us. But at the end of the day, it's a lonely job in the White House. And it is the president of the United States who has to make the decisions, and that is what I'm asking to be entrusted to do. (Applause.)

MODERATOR This will be the last question. It'll go to both of you, to Senator Obama first.

The more I speak to Democrats out there, not only to Democrats here at the Kodak Theater but all over the country, they take a look at the two of you and they see potentially a dream ticket, a dream ticket for the White House. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR There may have been some nasty words exchanged, or angry words or whatever. But the question is this. Would you consider an Obama-Clinton or Clinton-Obama ticket going down the road?

WINNER Well, obviously there's a big difference between those two. (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

WINNER But, look, let me say this, and I said this at the top. I respect Senator Clinton. I think her service to this country has been extraordinary. And I'm glad that we've been walking on this road together and that we're still on that road.

We've got a lot more road to travel, and so I think it's premature for either of us to start speculating about vice presidents, et cetera. I think it would be premature and presumptuous.

I can say this about -- about who I want not just as vice president but as a Cabinet member. Part of what I'd like to do is restore a sense of what is possible in government. (Applause.) And that means having people of the -- of the greatest excellence and competence. It means people with integrity. It means people with independence, who are willing to say no to me -- (scattered applause) -- so that, you know, no more yes-men or -women in the White House -- (applause) -- and because I'm not going to be right on every single issue.

But you know, it is really important, I think, for us also to give the American people this sense -- as they struggling with their mortgages and struggling with their health care and trying to figure out how to get their kids in a school that will teach them and prepare them and equip them for this century, that they get a sense that government's on their side -- (applause) -- that government is listening to them, that it's carrying their voices into the White House.

And that's not what's happened over the last seven years. And whether it's my Cabinet or it is the lowest federal civil servant out there, I want them to understand they are working for the American people, to help the American people achieve their dreams. That's the reason I'm running for president of the United States of America. (Applause.)

MODERATOR So is the answer yes? Is that -- sounds like a yes, that she would be on your short list.

LOSER (Chuckles.)

WINNER Well, you know, I'm sure that Hillary would be on anybody's short list. (Laughter.) So --

MODERATOR All right. What about -- Senator Clinton, what do you think about a Clinton-Obama, Obama-Clinton ticket?

LOSER Well, I have to agree with everything Barack just said. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR That means it's a yes, right?

LOSER This has been an extraordinary campaign, and I think both of us have been overwhelmed by the response that we have engendered, the kind of enthusiasm and intensity that people feel about each of us. And -- so clearly, we are both dedicated to doing the best we can to win the nomination.

But there is no doubt we will have a unified Democratic party.

We will go into the November election -- (cheers, applause) -- prepared to win. And I want to just add that, you know, on Monday night, I'm going to have a national town hall, an interactive town hall, that'll be carried on the Hallmark Channel and on my website, hillaryclinton.com, because I know you had tens of thousands of questions --

WINNER What about my website? (Laughter.)

LOSER And you -- yeah. I want your folks to participate, too.

WINNER I'm teasing. (Laughter.)

LOSER And it's going to be across the country. Monday night at 900 Eastern, 600 here on the West Coast. And so --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- for all those who didn't get their questions asked or answered, please log on, turn on, and continue to be part of this really, really exciting election for both of us.

MODERATOR Okay. All right, senators, here's the bottom line.

We do the plugs here. (Laughter.) You guys can do the plugs out on the campaign trail.

That has to end our conversation this evening. I want to thank both of you for coming very much. (Applause.)

WINNER Thanks.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator Barack Obama. Senator Hillary Clinton.

Stay with CNN -- (off mike) -- 40 hours of election coverage coming up on Super Tuesday. That's next Tuesday, February 5th, beginning at 6 a.m. Eastern.

And get this If the Democratic and Republican races are not decided on that important day, CNN, in conjunction with the Ohio Democratic and Republican Parties, plans to bring you another round of back-to-back presidential debates from the critical battleground state of Ohio. Look for those debates on February 27th and February 28th.

We want to thank our debate partners tonight, the Los Angeles Times and Politico, along with everyone here at the Kodak Theatre and the people of Los Angeles.

I'm Wolf Blitzer.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, good evening.

The number-one issue for Americans of both parties is the economy, and today the news is simply not good. Markets around the world are in a tailspin because of fears of a U.S. recession. So far this year, the Dow has lost nearly 9 percent.

How much money would your stimulus plan put in the pockets of the average South Carolinian?

LOSER Well, Joe, I'm glad you started with the economy, because that is the number-one issue. What's been happening in the markets, what's been happening with the home mortgage crisis, $100-a-barrel oil, so many of the issues that are really at the kitchen tables of Americans today and what they're talking to me about.

We have to stimulate the economy. I began calling for some kind of economic action plan back at the beginning of December. I have a package of $110 billion; $70 billion of that would go towards dealing with the mortgage crisis, which, unfortunately, I don't think that President Bush has really taken seriously enough.

I would have a moratorium on home foreclosures for 90 days to try to help families work it out so that they don't lose their homes. We're in danger of seeing millions of Americans become basically, you know, homeless and losing the American dream.

I want to have an interest rate freeze for five years, because these adjustable-rate mortgages, if they keep going up, the problem will just get compounded. And we need more transparency in the market.

Then, I think we need to give people about $650, if they qualify -- which will be millions of people -- to help pay their energy bills this winter. You know, there are so many people on fixed incomes and working people who are not going to be able to afford the spike in energy costs.

We need to make sure that we start jumpstarting the jobs in this country again. That's why I want to put money into clean energy jobs, green-collar jobs, and also make sure we have a fund that will help communities deal with the consequences of the home foreclosure crisis and make sure the unemployment system is up to the task.

And then we will have money for rebates, but let's make them the right rebates. Everything we know about President Bush's plans would leave 50 million to 70 million Americans out, because a lot of our seniors on fixed incomes don't pay income taxes. But that doesn't mean they're immune from the energy costs and the health care costs and everything else that's going up around them.

And we have a huge number of working people who thankfully don't pay income tax. They pay payroll tax. They pay a lot of other taxes. President Bush's plan would do nothing to help them.

But thankfully we've got leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus here who are going to make sure that we get the right kind of stimulus. And that's what the Democrats are going to support.

It's imperative we do it. It's a part of economic justice, which on Dr. King's holiday is part of his unfinished legacy.

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Obama?



WINNER Well, we do meet on the King holiday. And I think it's important to remember that, in the march on Washington, where Dr. King always talks about -- or it's always repeated, the dream speech that is so famous -- that march was for jobs, as well as justice.

And, unfortunately, we have not made the kind of progress that we need in having a balanced economy, and George Bush has made it worse.

George Bush has consistently skewed our tax code to the wealthy. He has squandered billions of dollars in a war that I believe should never have been authorized and should have never been waged.



We have not made the investments that are needed in our school system. You travel around South Carolina along the corridor of shame, and you've got children who are going to schools that were built in the 1800s. And they are not able to compete in an international economy.

So it is absolutely critical right now to give a stimulus to the economy. And Senator Clinton mentioned tax rebates. That wasn't the original focus of her plan. I think recently she has caught up with what I had originally said, which is we've got to get taxes into the -- tax cuts into the pockets of hard-working Americans right away.

And it is important for us to make sure that they are not just going to the wealthy. They should be going to folks who are making $75,000 a year or less, and they should be going to folks who only pay payroll tax, but typically are not paying income tax.

If we do that, then not only can we stimulate the economy, those are the folks who are most likely to spend money right away.

MODERATOR Do you agree with her, $650 is a good number for a tax rebate?

WINNER Well, I think that we are going to have to get some immediate money. What I do is I say, for a typical family, $500 for a tax rebate per family.

But also, for senior citizens, get a supplement to their Social Security check, because they get that every month. We know exactly how to do it. And that would provide seniors all across the country right away some money to help pay for their heating bills and other expenses that they've got right now.

MODERATOR Correct me if I'm wrong, Senator Edwards. Your plan does not call for a tax rebate, does it?

LOSER No, that's exactly right. Can I start by saying how proud I am to be here tonight, a debate sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus on Dr. King's holiday?

And particularly on this night, when we're honoring the legacy of Dr. King, central to his work was the idea of fighting for real equality between the races, fighting to end poverty in America, his famous Poor People's Campaign, which he was engaged in at the time of his death, fighting for garbage workers, actually, in Memphis.

And the chasm between the rich and the poor in America is wide. It is getting worse. The rich are get richer. And we've added five million people to the poverty rolls in just over the course of the last seven years, which is...

MODERATOR But what about the stimulus package?

LOSER Here's what we should do. That's why I'm getting to this. What Bush does is he leaves 50 million -- as Hillary pointed out -- 50 million Americans. They're low-income Americans and moderate-income Americans. They are completely left out of the stimulus package.

If we're actually going to deal with the legacy of Dr. King, if we're going to deal with this issue of poverty -- and I have a comprehensive plan to do that, it is the cause of my life, to end poverty in this country -- we also have to include all Americans in this stimulus plan.

Now, one difference between what I have proposed and what my two colleagues have proposed is I have done something that not only stimulates the economy, but creates long-term benefits, investment in green infrastructure, which creates jobs.

Instead of just getting money out in the short term, this will actually create jobs over the long term, create green infrastructure.

Yes, we need to do something about the mortgage crisis. I want to mention one last thing.

There is one other issue that was mentioned in passing by the two of them, which is the issue of jobs. And there is a difference between myself and my colleagues on this issue of jobs, because they both supported the Peru trade deal.

My view is the Peru trade deal was similar to NAFTA. And this is crucial to the state of South Carolina...

MODERATOR But...

LOSER ... no, no -- and crucial to the state of the South Carolina and jobs in South Carolina. South Carolina has been devastated by NAFTA and trade deals like NAFTA.

MODERATOR I just want to be precise. What you're proposing are really long-term objectives. In terms of a short-term stimulus package, you disagree with them on an immediate tax rebate.

LOSER No, no. What I'm saying is if we do what we should do to green the economy, if we change our unemployment insurance laws, modernize them to make them available to more people, to more Americans, if we in fact give help to the states, which gets money straight into the economy and we deal with the mortgage crisis in a serious way with a home rescue fund to provide transitional financing for those people who are about to lose their homes, all those things will stimulate the economy.

MODERATOR I'll let both of you respond, but let me let Senator Obama respond first.



WINNER Let me just respond to a couple of things. I think the idea of bringing jobs is important, which is why that's central to my energy plan. But, Wolf, you're exactly right, that is a long-term agenda. That is not going to deal with the immediate crisis we have right now.

You've got the European markets dropped 5 percent. The expectation is that the Dow Jones tomorrow may do the same. We could be sliding into an extraordinary recession unless we stimulate the economy immediately. That's point number one.

Point number two, on trade, John is exactly right that you travel around South Carolina and you see the textile mills that John's father worked in closed, all over the region. And it is absolutely true that NAFTA was a mistake.

I know that Hillary on occasion has said -- just last year said this was a boon to the economy. I think it has been devastating, because our trade agreements did not have labor standards and environmental standards that would assure that workers in the U.S. were getting a square deal.

But the only thing I want to differ on John is this whole notion of Peru. The Peru trade deal had labor and environmental agreements in it. Peru is an economy the size of New Hampshire. Over 90 percent of the goods coming from Peru already come in under various free trade agreements.

And, John, you voted for permanent trade relations with China, which I think anybody who looks at how we structure trade in this country would tell you has been the biggest beneficiary and the biggest problem that we have with respect to trade, particularly because they're still manipulating the currency.

MODERATOR I'll let you respond, but, Senator Clinton, I want to get back to the issue of an immediate stimulus for the economy.

LOSER That's what I want to get back to.

MODERATOR Because who knows what the markets are going to be like tomorrow and there are a lot of people out there who are suffering already. But go ahead and respond.

LOSER Well, I want to just clarify a couple of points. My original plan was $70 billion in spending with a $40 billion contingency that was part of the original plan, in order to have that money available for tax rebates.

I hope that we could do it through spending, and here's why I don't want to necessarily open up the tax code while we've got Republicans in the Senate who are going to try to come back and open up making Bush's tax cuts permanent.



I understand that that's a real risk. So I was hoping to be able to do it through spending, but the crisis has gotten too deep, and what happened in the markets globally today is a huge wakeup call.

The president should convene the working group on financial markets. He should ask the secretary of treasury to do this immediately. I know that there's been talking going on, but the president's proposed stimulus package is not adequate. It is too little too late and it doesn't give enough money to the people who are hardest hit by the increased costs in energy and everything else.



As a further point, I do believe that the green-collar job piece of this is important. That's why I have $5 billion to do it. There are programs already. Oakland, California, Mayor Dellums is working to have a green-collar job program. We could put hundreds and hundreds of young people to work right now, putting solar panels in, insulating homes.

That would give them jobs and it would move us more quickly to a green economy. And I think that if you look at this from a jobs and justice, a stimulation and long-term planning effort, we need to lay down the markers now. And that's why the Congress, under the leadership of a lot of the people who are chairs of committees and subcommittees who are here today are going to play a major role in this. And we've got to hold the line against President Bush with his ill-advised approach to stimulating the economy.

MODERATOR All right. We're staying on topic. We're staying on this subject, but I want to ask Suzanne Malveaux to ask a question and then all of you will be able to weigh...

LOSER You have to give me a chance to respond to Senator Obama.

MODERATOR All right, go ahead, respond quickly and then Suzanne.

LOSER Thank you.

Well, first of all, what I have proposed for green-collar jobs will create jobs within 30 or so days, so we will have an immediate impact on the economy and stimulate the economy. Second, no one has to explain to me what these trade deals have done to South Carolina, to North Carolina. My father, who's sitting right out there in the audience, worked in the mills for 36 years and we have seen what these trade deals have done to people who have worked hard all their lives.

LOSER And the problem with Peru, Barack, is you are leaving the enforcement of environmental and labor regulations in the hands of George Bush.

I wouldn't trust George Bush to enforce anything, certainly not trade obligations.



MODERATOR All right. Ten seconds, go ahead.



WINNER Well, the only point I would make is that in a year's time, it'll be me who's enforcing them.



And so we're going to make sure that the right thing is being done. And, John, you tell an extraordinarily powerful story. I mean, you understand what's happened with respect to trade here and I think it is powerful when you talk about it.

But keep in mind, I first moved to Chicago to be a community organizer with churches who were trying to deal with the devastation of steel plants that had closed in that region. And so I spent 3.5 years working alongside folks who had lost their jobs.

And I know what it's like for families to have put their life and their heart and soul into a company, building profits for shareholders, and then suddenly they had the rug pulled out from under them. Not only have they lost their job, they've lost their health care, they've lost their pension benefits.

And it is absolutely critical for us to understand that NAFTA was an enormous problem. The permanent trade relations with China, without some of the enforcement mechanisms that were in there, that you voted for, was also a significant problem.

And we've got to all move forward as Democrats to make sure that we've got trade deals that work for working people and not just for corporate profits.

MODERATOR All right. Suzanne Malveaux, go ahead.



MALVEAUX I'd like to follow-up with Senator Obama. It was just a few days ago that Senator Clinton asserted that she was the strongest candidate when it comes to fiscal responsibility.

She says that the new programs that she proposes she essentially can pay for. She says that you have failed in that regard in the tune of some $50 billion worth of new programs that you cannot account for.

How do you respond to that charge?

WINNER What she said wasn't true. We account for every single dollar that we propose.

Now, this, I think, is one of the things that's happened during the course of this campaign, that there's a set of assertions made by Senator Clinton, as well as her husband, that are not factually accurate.

And I think that part of what the people are looking for right now is somebody who's going to solve problems and not resort to the same typical politics that we've seen in Washington.



That is something that I hear all across the country. So when Senator Clinton says -- or President Clinton says that I wasn't opposed to the war from the start or says it's a fairytale that I opposed the war, that is simply not true.

When Senator Clinton or President Clinton asserts that I said that the Republicans had had better economic policies since 1980, that is not the case.

Now, the viewers aren't concerned with this kind of back-and-forth. What they're concerned about is who's actually going to help the get health care, how are they going to get their kids...



... going to college, and that's the kind of campaign I've tried to run. I think that's the kind of campaign we should all try to run.



LOSER Well, I couldn't agree more. But I do think that your record and what you say does matter. And when it comes to...



... a lot of the issues that are important in this race, it is sometimes difficult to understand what Senator Obama has said, because as soon as he is confronted on it, he says that's not what he meant.

The facts are that he has said in the last week that he really liked the ideas of the Republicans over the last 10 to 15 years, and we can give you the exact quote.

Now, I personally think they had ideas, but they were bad ideas. They were bad ideas for America.



They were ideas like privatizing Social Security, like moving back from a balanced budget and a surplus to deficit and debt.

And with respect to putting forth how one would pay for all of the programs that we're proposing in this campaign, I will be more than happy, Barack, to get the information, because we have searched for it.

You have a lot of money that you want to put into foreign aid, a very worthy program. There is no evidence from your Web site, from your speeches, as to how you would pay for it.

Now, why is this important? It's important because I think elections are about the future. But how do you determine what will happen in the future? Well, you have to look to the record, you have to look to what we say in campaigns, and what we have done during our careers.

And I want to be just very explicit about this. We are not, neither my campaign nor anyone associated with it, are in any way saying you did not oppose the war in Iraq.

LOSER You did. You gave a great speech in 2002 opposing the war in Iraq. That was not what the point of our criticism was.

It was after having given that speech, by the next year the speech was off your Web site. By the next year, you were telling reporters that you agreed with President Bush in his conduct of the war. And by the next year, when you were in the Senate, you were voting to fund the war time after time after time.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER So it was more about the distinction between words and action. And I think that is a fair assessment for voters to make.



MODERATOR OK. Thank you, Senator. Senator, we're a little off topic. I have to let Senator Obama respond, then Senator Edwards, who's going to come...

WINNER We're off topic, but...

MODERATOR But go ahead and respond, and then I want to get back to this issue that we're talking about, fiscal responsibility. But go ahead.

WINNER Let's talk about it.

Hillary, I will be happy to provide you with the information about all -- all the spending that we do. Now, let's talk about Ronald Reagan. What you just repeated here today is...

LOSER Barack...

WINNER Wait. No. Hillary, you just spoke.

LOSER I did not say anything about Ronald Reagan.

WINNER You just spoke for two minutes.

LOSER You said two things.

WINNER You just...

LOSER You talked about admiring Ronald Reagan and you talked about the ideas...

WINNER Hillary, I'm sorry. You just...

MODERATOR Senator...

LOSER I didn't talk about Reagan.

WINNER Hillary, we just had the tape. You just said that I complimented the Republican ideas. That is not true.

What I said -- and I will provide you with a quote -- what I said was is that Ronald Reagan was a transformative political figure because he was able to get Democrats to vote against their economic interests to form a majority to push through their agenda, an agenda that I objected to. Because while I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart.



WINNER I was fighting these fights. I was fighting these fights. So -- but I want to be clear.

So I want to be clear. What I said had nothing to do with their policies. I spent a lifetime fighting a lifetime against Ronald Reagan's policies. But what I did say is that we have to be thinking in the same transformative way about our Democratic agenda.

We've got to appeal to Independents and Republicans in order to build a working majority to move an agenda forward. That is what I said.



WINNER Now, you can dispute that, but let me finish.

Hillary, you went on for two minutes. Let me finish.

The irony of this is that you provided much more fulsome praise of Ronald Reagan in a book by Tom Brokaw that's being published right now, as did -- as did Bill Clinton in the past. So these are the kinds of political games that we are accustomed to.

LOSER Now, wait a minute.

Wolf, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just a minute.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, let them wrap up. Then I'm going to come to you.

Yes?

LOSER I just want -- I just to clarify -- I want to clarify the record. Wait a minute.

LOSER There's a third person in this debate.

MODERATOR Wait a minute, Senator Edwards. Hold on.

There has been a specific charge leveled against Hillary Clinton, so she can respond. Then I'll bring in Senator Edwards.

LOSER I just want to be sure...

WINNER Go ahead and address what you said about...

MODERATOR We have got a long time to go. You'll have a good opportunity.

LOSER We're just getting warmed up.



LOSER Now, I just -- I just want to be clear about this. In an editorial board with the Reno newspaper, you said two different things, because I have read the transcript. You talked about Ronald Reagan being a transformative political leader. I did not mention his name.

WINNER Your husband did.

LOSER Well, I'm here. He's not. And...

WINNER OK. Well, I can't tell who I'm running against sometimes.



LOSER Well, you know, I think we both have very passionate and committed spouses who stand up for us. And I'm proud of that.

But you also talked about the Republicans having ideas over the last 10 to 15 years.

WINNER I didn't say they were good ones.

LOSER Well, you can read the context of it.

WINNER Well, I didn't say they were good ones.

LOSER Well, it certainly...

WINNER All right, Wolf.

LOSER It certainly came across in the way that it was presented, as though the Republicans had been standing up against the conventional wisdom with their ideas. I'm just reacting to the fact, yes, they did have ideas, and they were bad ideas.

WINNER I agree.

LOSER Bad for America, and I was fighting against those ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Resco, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago.



WINNER No, no, no.

MODERATOR Hold on one second. Hold on.

Senator Edwards -- Senator Edwards has been remarkably patient during this exchange. And I want him -- I don't know if you want to get involved in this, Senator Edwards.

LOSER What I want to say first is, are there three people in this debate, not two?



LOSER And I also want to know -- I also want to know on behalf of voters here in South Carolina, this kind of squabbling, how many children is this going to get health care? How many people are going to get an education from this? How many kids are going to be able to go to college because of this?

LOSER We have got to understand -- you know, and I respect both of my fellow candidates -- but we have got to understand this is not about us personally. It is about...



... what we are trying to do for this country and what we believe in.

Now, fiscal responsibility, which I think was the question. It was a little hard to tell there at the end of that. But I think the question was about fiscal responsibility.

I have proposed, I think, the most aggressive, most progressive agenda of the three of us up here. And I was the first to come out with a universal health care plan, first to come out with a global warming plan, first -- and, to the best of my knowledge, only at this point -- to come out with a comprehensive, detailed plan to end poverty in America, since we are on Dr. King's day.

This is the cause of my life. Everything I have proposed, I have come up with a way to pay for it. And I've been very explicit about how it should be paid for, not abstract, not rhetoric, very, very explicit.

But I do have to say, in response to something Senator Clinton said just a minute ago, both Senator Obama and I have said Social Security needs a solution. And we have said we won't privatize, we won't cut benefits, we won't raise the retirement age. Same thing that Hillary has said.

But she has proposed nothing about how we're going to create revenue to keep Social Security alive and talked about fiscal responsibility. Here's the problem If you don't have -- this is not complicated. The American people understand it. If you've got more money going out than is coming in, you're going to eventually run out of money.

And you've got to have a way to pay for it, which is why -- now, let me finish this. Lord knows you let them go on forever.



What I'm saying is we have to be consistent in what we're saying. I have said I think Hillary doesn't want to talk about raising taxes. Let's just be honest about that.

Barack and I have both said that you've got to do something about the cap on Social Security taxes, which is now capped at $97,000. It means if somebody is making $80,000 a year, every dime of their income is taxed for Social Security. But if you are making $50 million a year, only the first $97,000 is taxed.

That's not right. And people ought to be paying their Social Security taxes. But the American people deserve to know what we're going to do.

We can disagree. There's nothing wrong with that, so they can make an informed choice, but they at least deserve to know where they stand and what we'd do.

MODERATOR We're staying on the economy, but I want Joe Johns to ask another question so we can continue this dialogue.

JOHNS All right. Well, Senator Edwards, let's dig a little deeper on the economic mess we're in currently.

In 2006, a study from the Center for Responsible Lending found that African-Americans are something like 30 percent more likely to be sold a subprime loan than white borrowers with similar credit histories and income.

The South Carolina NAACP said last month that the American dream for too many Americans, too many African-Americans is a national nightmare. The national NAACP has even filed a class-action lawsuit against 12 nationwide lenders.

So the bottom-line question really is Do you believe that lenders have specifically targeted African-Americans? Is this subprime mess really also an issue of race?

LOSER Yes, is the answer. I think they have targeted - if they haven't been racially motivated, I don't know. There's no way for me to know what's inside their head.

But what they have done is they have targeted the lowest income, most vulnerable families. And anybody who's paying any attention to what's going on in America today understands, if you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have.

This is not an accident. I mean, we can go put our heads against the wall and pretend that the past never happened, pretend that we didn't live through decades of slavery, followed by decades of segregation, followed by decades of discrimination, which is still going on today.



That history and that legacy has consequences. And the consequence has been that African-American families are more vulnerable. They're more vulnerable to payday lenders. They're more vulnerable to predatory lenders, which is why we desperately need a national law, which I have proposed, which would crack down on these predatory payday lenders.

It's not enough to do it state-by-state, because these predators just move from place to place to place.

I was in a neighborhood in Cleveland a few months ago, one-block radius, 38 houses under foreclosure, middle-class, African-American neighborhood. These people work. They put everything they had into their homes. And they were about to lose them because these predators have come into the neighborhood and taken everything they have.

So here are the solutions. Number one, we need a national predatory lending law. Number two, we've got to help low-income families save.

LOSER They have nothing to fall back on. Many have no bank account. They don't deal with financial institutions. We need to teach financial literacy, we need to match what they're able to save so that they actually have something that they can fall back on in case they get in a place where they need more money.



MODERATOR All right. I want both Senator Clinton and Senator Obama to respond.

But, briefly, Senator Clinton, your proposal calls for a five-year moratorium on interest rates, 90-day moratorium on foreclosure, five year keeping those interest rates the same. Alan Greenspan suggested that we simply have to let this housing crisis exhaust itself. Trying to prevent the housing markets from going down merely prolongs the agony.

Does your plan, as he would seem to be suggesting, prolong the agony?

LOSER No. I think it helps to mitigate the agony. I mean, what I hear as I go in and out of people's homes and talk to so many who have already lost their homes, they're in foreclosure, they see these interest rates that are about to go up and they know they can't pay them, is that we take action now.

I've been calling for action since last March. When I first started calling for it, a lot of the same economists who now say don't do anything about it said, well, it won't be that bad. We'll be able to weather the crisis.

Well, the fact is, the mortgage crisis is not only destroying the dreams of Americans for home ownership, it is having a ripple effect across the world. So my moratorium for 90 days is a work-out. It's not a bailout. I want people to be able to see whether they can stay in their homes paying a rate that is affordable for them.

And the interest rate freeze is I think merited, because look at what's happening -- if you're a big bank that helped get us into this mess, you go borrow money from Abu Dhabi or somewhere. If you're a homeowner who has been at the bottom of this incredible scheme that was established, you're left holding the bag and you don't have the house anymore.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER So I just disagree with those who say don't try to do anything to help the people who need the help right now.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER I think that we need to help them. I think it is important to make sure that we're not helping out the speculators, but instead are helping out the homeowners who are actually living in their homes, who have the capacity to make the payments if they're not seeing a huge increase in their mortgage payments.

But understand this, this is not new. We have a history in this country of preying on low-income peoples because they don't have access to banks. The Community Reinvestment Act is oftentimes not enforced as it should be.

We've got to open up bank branches. We've got to give people access to financing so that they're not going to a payday loan operation.

I two years ago introduced a provision that would eliminate predatory lending, something that I had already helped to get passed at the state level. But it is important for us to understand that we've got to give ordinary working people access to financing. And it's important to understand that part of the reason that they are borrowing on their homes, they're borrowing on credit cards, is that the banks and financial institutions have dominated policy in Washington.

And this is an area where I've got a policy disagreement with Senator Clinton. When we talked a while back, just in the last debate, we talked about the bankruptcy bill, which had been pushed by the banks and the financial institutions, that said, basically, it will be harder for folks who have been lured into these teaser rates and then see their credit cards go up to 30 percent, that they would have a tougher time getting out of bankruptcy.

In the last debate, Senator Clinton said she voted for it but hoped that it wouldn't pass. Now, I don't understand that approach to legislation. I think it is important for us to stand up to these special interests consistently, all the time, and that's what I've done and that's what I will continue to...

MODERATOR I'm going to go to Suzanne...

LOSER Wait, Wolf, I have to answer this.

MODERATOR I'm going to go to Suzanne Malveaux in a second, but I just want to give you a chance, Senator Obama, if you want to respond. Senator Clinton made a serious allegation that you worked for a slumlord. And I wonder if you want to respond.

WINNER I'm happy to respond. Here's what happened I was an associate at a law firm that represented a church group that had partnered with this individual to do a project and I did about five hours worth of work on this joint project. That's what she's referring to.

Now, it's fine for her to throw that out, but the larger reason that I think this debate is important is because we do have to trust our leaders and what they say. That is important, because if we can't, then we're not going to be able to mobilize the American people behind bringing about changes in health care reform, bringing about changes in how we're going to put people back to work, changing our trade laws. And consistency matters. Truthfulness during campaigns makes a difference.



And that's what I've tried to do and I will continue to try to do as president of the United States.

LOSER Now, let me start with the claim about the bankruptcy bill. I said very clearly I regretted voting for it and I was happy that it didn't get into law.

By 2005, there was another run at a bankruptcy reform, motivated by the credit card companies and the other big lenders. I opposed that bill. I said very forcefully I opposed that bill.

There was a particular amendment that I think is very telling. It was an amendment to prohibit credit card companies from charging more than 30 percent interest.

Senator Obama voted for it. I voted against it. It was one of the biggest lobbyist victories on that very bad bill that the bankruptcy bill represented.

And I think it's important. You know, if you look at the recent article about Senator Obama's work on health care reform in the Illinois legislature, it's a very interesting piece about how he basically did the bidding of the insurance companies during that effort.

Now, I'm just saying that if we're going to...

WINNER That's...

LOSER ... be hurling these charges against one another, I'm used to taking the incoming fire. I've taken it for 16 years. But when you get into this arena...



... you can't expect to have a hands-off attitude about your record. And it is perfectly fair to have comparisons and contrasts. I voted against a 30 -- I voted for limiting to 30 percent what credit card companies could charge.

Senator Obama did not. That's a fact.

(CROSSTALK)

WINNER Absolutely. It is a fact, because I thought 30 percent potentially was too high of a ceiling. So we had had no hearings...



... on that bill. It had not gone through the Banking Committee. I don't know about a lot of folks here, most folks here, if they've got a credit card, are paying 29 percent. So under this provision, that would've been fine.

And we had not created the kind of serious...

LOSER You voted against it because the limit was too high, is that what you just said?

WINNER That is exactly what I just said, John, because...

LOSER So there's no limit at all.

WINNER ... there had been no discussions...



Hold on, John. Hold on. Listen to this. There had been no discussion about how we were going to structure this and this was something that had not gone through the committee and we hadn't talked about.

It didn't make sense for us to cap interest rates...

LOSER So you voted with the credit card companies.

WINNER No.

LOSER That's the bottom line.

WINNER Hillary, I opposed that bill and you know I did.



LOSER Well...

WINNER And consistently did and unlike you and John who voted for it previously.

But here's the point. What we have to do is we've got to have consistency in how we vote. You can't say one thing during the campaign trail and then apologize afterward and say it was a mistake, and that has repeatedly happened during the course of this campaign...



... and I think that tells you the kind of president that folks are going to be.

LOSER Well, you know, Senator Obama, it is very difficult having a straight-up debate with you, because you never take responsibility for any vote, and that has been a pattern.

You, in the -- now, wait a minute. In the Illinois state legislature...

(AUDIENCE BOOING)

LOSER Just a minute. In the Illinois state senate, Senator Obama voted 130 times present. That's not yes, that's not no. That's maybe. And on issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you know, voted present on keeping sex shops away from schools, voted present on limiting the rights of victims of sexual abuse, voted present time and time again.

And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation like you just heard about the 30 percent. It's just very difficult to get a straight answer, and that's what we are probing for.

WINNER I feel bad for John...

MODERATOR (?) I know.



WINNER ... because I know John's not getting a lot of time here.

Let me just respond to this.

MODERATOR (?) You can...

WINNER I feel pretty bad, I do. I feel pretty bad. But let's just respond to the example that was just thrown out.

The bill with respect to privacy for victims of sexual abuse is a bill I had actually sponsored, Hillary. I actually sponsored the bill. It got through the senate.



That was on the back of 12 other provisions that I was able to pass in the state legislature. Nobody has worked harder than me in the Illinois state legislature to make sure that victims of sexual abuse were dealt with, partly because I've had family members who were victims of sexual abuse and I've got two daughters who I want to protect.

What happened on that particular provision was that after I had sponsored it and helped to get it passed, it turned out that there was a legal provision in it that was problematic and needed to be fixed so that it wouldn't be struck down.

But when you comb my 4,000 votes in Illinois, choose one...



... try to present it in the worst possible light, that does have to be answered. That does have to be answered.

WINNER And as I said before, the reason this makes a difference -- and I understand that most viewers want to know, how am I going to get helped in terms of paying my health care? How am I going to get help being able to go to college?

All those things are important. But what's also important that people are not just willing to say anything to get elected. And...



MODERATOR Senator...

WINNER ... that's what I have tried to do in this campaign, is try to maintain a certain credibility.

I don't mind having policy debates with Senator Clinton or Senator Edwards. But what I don't enjoy is spending the week or two weeks or the last month having to answer to these kinds of criticisms that are not factually accurate.



WINNER And the press has looked at them. They are not accurate. And you need to present them as accurate.

MODERATOR We're going to be coming back.

LOSER Well, that law is still on the books. It was never struck down. That was there.

MODERATOR We're going to be visiting all these subjects, but I just want Senator Edwards to weigh in. Suzanne has got an excellent question coming up.

Go ahead.



LOSER She's been wanting to ask it, too.

Can I just ask, though, before I do -- I mean, I hear the back and forth on this one particular vote, but it is -- I do think it's important, and I mentioned this about Senator Clinton earlier, to be fair, about Social Security. I do think it's important whether you are willing to take hard positions.

I mean, the members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are sitting in front of me right know they have to go to the floor of the House every day and vote on hard issues. And they have to vote up or down or not show up to vote -- one of those three choices. What I didn't hear was an explanation for why over 100 times you voted present instead of yes or no when you had a choice to vote up or down.



WINNER I'll be happy to answer it. Because in Illinois - in Illinois, oftentimes you vote present in order to indicate that you had problems with a bill that otherwise you might be willing to vote for. And oftentimes you would have a strategy that would help move the thing forward.

Keep in mind, John, I voted for 4,000 bills. And if you want to know whether or not I worked on tough stuff, I passed the first racial...

LOSER I don't question whether you worked on tough stuff.

WINNER No, no, no. Hold on a second.

LOSER I don't question whether you worked on tough stuff.

WINNER No, no. But you...

LOSER The question is, why would you over 100 times vote present? I mean, every one of us -- every one -- you've criticized Hillary. You've criticized me for our votes.

WINNER Right.

LOSER We've cast hundreds and hundreds of votes. What you're criticizing her for, by the way, you've done to us, which is you pick this vote and that vote out of the hundreds that we've cast.



WINNER No.

LOSER And what -- all I'm saying is, what's fair is fair. You have every right to defend any vote. You do.

WINNER Right.

LOSER And I respect your right to do that on any -- on any substantive issue. It does not make sense to me -- and what if I had just not shown up...

WINNER John -- John, Illinois...

LOSER Wait, wait, wait. Wait, let me finish.

WINNER Hold on a second.

LOSER What if I had just not shown up to vote on things that really mattered to this country? It would have been safe for me politically. It would have been the careful and cautious thing to do, but I have a responsibility to take a position...

WINNER John, you...

LOSER ... even when it has political consequences for me.



WINNER You asked for the -- most of these did not have political consequences. This -- most of these were technical problems with a piece of legislation that ended up getting modified.

But let's talk about taking on tough votes. I mean, I am somebody who led on reforming a death penalty system that was broken in Illinois, that nobody thought was good politics, but was the right

thing to do.



WINNER I opposed legislation that now is being used against me politically to make sure that juveniles were not put in the criminal justice system as adults, even though it was not the smart thing to do politically. It was not smart for me to oppose the war at the start of this war, but I did so because it was the right thing to do.



WINNER So I understand that Illinois has a different system than Congress, and that it is fine to try to use that politically. But don't question, John, the fact that on issue after issue that is important to the American people, I haven't simply followed, I have lead.

MODERATOR We have an important issue that Suzanne wants to raise right now.

Go ahead, Suzanne.

MALVEAUX Thank you.

I would like to raise the issue of health care.

It was last June, Senator Clinton. It was the PBS forum at Howard University where you said if HIV/AIDS was the leading cause of death among white women ages 25 to 34, there would be a national outcry. Obviously, you're calling attention to the need, specific need for African-American women and their health concerns.

Why is it that African-American women would be better off in your health care program?

LOSER Well, first of all, my health care program will cover everyone. I don't leave anybody out. It is a universal system. It will build on the congressional plan that provides health care for members of Congress, their staffs, government employees, and therefore it is not a new system.

LOSER It is not government-run. It has the advantage of being proven, so that we can withstand what will be obviously the attacks coming from the Republicans, and the right, and the drug companies, and the health insurance companies.

It also will give comprehensive health care to everyone. It's especially important we do that with chronic diseases.

And, thankfully (sic) HIV/AIDS has become a chronic disease. We're able to keep people alive in the United States. We don't do enough around the world. And we don't do enough yet to get the services as quickly as necessary to a lot of our people who are not given the kind of immediate help that they deserve.

But we need a universal health care system where we manage chronic diseases, where we get prices down because we can bargain with the drug companies, where we say to the health insurance companies that they must cover everyone, they have to do it at an affordable rate.

And for people who might have some financial challenges, I am proposing health care tax credits that will make health care for everyone affordable.

And I think that that is the right way to go, because if we don't have everybody in the system, we know what will happen. We will begin to have more and more people who are uninsured.

The health care companies will continue to cherry pick. The hidden tax that comes when someone does finally show up at the emergency room will be passed onto everyone else.

So I am adamantly in favor of universal health care. And that means everybody is covered. And we will have a system to make it affordable, but it will be required, as part of shared responsibility, under a new way of making sure that we don't leave anybody out and provide quality, affordable health care for everyone.

MODERATOR I want to stay on health care. Joe Johns has a follow-up question.

Go ahead, Joe.

JOHNS Senator Obama, we all know what universal health care is, as Senator Clinton just said, sort of the idea that everybody deserves health care. And I have not been able to sort of zero in on your position on this one question Does your plan cover the estimated 12 million or so illegal immigrants in the country?

WINNER It does not.

JOHNS Why not?

WINNER Well, because I think we've got limited resources. And it is important for us that, when we've got millions of U.S. citizens that aren't yet covered, it's important for us to make sure that they are provided coverage.

I do think that we have an obligation to make sure that children are covered. And we want to make sure that they are not sick in the emergency room.

But the critical issue on these various plans is, how are we going to actually get it done?

Because, you know, I respect the fact that Senator Clinton and President Clinton attempted in '93 to get health care reform passed. But I do think that they did it in the wrong way, because it was behind closed doors, and we did not enlist the American people in the process.

The only way we're going to be able to overcome the insurance companies, and the drug companies, and the HMOs who are profiting from the current system is if we are having all these negotiations in a public setting, we are very clear about who's carrying water for the drug companies and the insurance companies, and who is looking out for the families who, day to day, are struggling.

All of us, all three of us have met people every day in our travels across the country who, even if they have health care, are looking at such high premiums that effectively it's not really health insurance, it's house insurance.

They're paying premiums, in case they get hit by a car, they don't lose their home. But they never go to a doctor.

And we've got to put responsibility not just on the next president, but also on Congress to make sure it happens. And that means that we've got to have the American people clear about the choices that we face.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, would your plan include the 12 million illegal immigrants? And if not, what happens if they get sick and they wind up in emergency rooms? Who's going to pay for that?

LOSER Well, it's a good question. I think, honestly, none of our three plans cover them.

But what I have done is strengthen...



... strengthen the safety net of the public health system so that our public health clinics, our public hospitals will always be available.

And if that is married to comprehensive immigration reform, so that people who are living here undocumented actually have a chance to become American citizens, then I think they've got the opportunity to become part of the plan.

There are a couple things I want to say, though. Senator Obama spoke -- and he's right about this -- about the importance of us being straightforward and being honest during the campaign.

The truth is that there are three health care plans represented on this stage. Two are universal; one is not. His is not. Senator Clinton's is, and mine is.

LOSER In order for the plan to be universal, it has to mandate coverage for everybody. And when we talk about getting it done -- and Barack just spoke, as he does often, eloquently, about taking on the drug companies, the insurance companies, I also think it's important to recognize that Senator Obama has taken more money from the drug companies than anybody. Senator Clinton has taken more money from the insurance companies than anybody.

I have not. And I am ready to take these people on.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER Well, a couple of points.

MODERATOR I'm going to give both of you 30 seconds, please.

WINNER A couple of points. John, I think, is aware I don't take PAC money. I don't take money from federal lobbyists. I'm not taking money from their companies.

It is true that there are employees of all sorts of companies that have given to my campaign because, frankly, I've raised a lot of money, and sometimes in $25, $50, $100 donations.

But that does mean that I've gotten a bunch of money from drug lobbyists. And I think it's important to make that distinction, John.

LOSER That's fair.

WINNER Point number two. With respect to universal coverage, understand what this debate is about. And this is a legitimate policy debate. And I respect the positions that John and Hillary have taken.

They have decided that we should mandate coverage for all adults. I believe that the problem -- and understand what that means. A mandate means that, in some fashion, everybody will be forced to buy health insurance.

Now, John has been honest that that may mean taking money out of people's paychecks in order to make sure that they're covered. Senator Clinton has not been clear about how that mandate would be enforced.

But I believe the problem is not that folks are trying to avoid getting health care; the problem is they can't afford it.



And that's why my plan emphasizes lowering costs, not only setting up a government plan so that people who don't have health insurance can buy into it and will get subsidized, but also making sure that those who have health insurance -- because, keep in mind, we've got millions of Americans all across the country who have health insurance, but are struggling with rising co-payments, deductibles, premiums.

Under George Bush, families are paying 78 percent more on health care than they were previously -- let me just finish, because this is an important policy point. We put in a catastrophic re-insurance plan that will help reduce those premiums for families by an average of about $2,500 per year.

But the last point that I think is worth making, every expert that's looked at this has said there is not a single person out there who's going to want health care who will not get it under my plan.

And it's true that some people could game the system by just waiting until they get sick and then they show up. But keep in mind that my plan also says children will be able to stay on the parents' plan up until the age of 25.

And so I don't believe that there are a whole bunch of folks out there that will not get coverage.

And, John, both you and Hillary have a hardship exemption, where, if people can't afford to buy health care, you exempt them, so that you sort of don't count them.

LOSER But we would cover them. We cover them, Barack.

WINNER But you don't cover them.

LOSER Yes, we do.

LOSER Yes, we do.

LOSER Yes, we do. It's not true, Barack.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER That is not true.

LOSER No, no. Here's the problem. The problem with this argument is you can make exactly the same argument about Social Security.

I mean, you think about the analogy. What George Bush says is he wants people to be able to get out of the Social Security system, choose, elect to get out of the Social Security system. Well, that's exactly what this argument is.

WINNER No.

LOSER This argument is you shouldn't have to have health care. If you choose not to have health care, you shouldn't have to have it.

And that is a threshold question. It is a judgment. It's a fair policy debate.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER There's nothing wrong with us arguing about this, but I believe that there is not a single man, woman, and child in America who's not worthy of health care. Everybody should get health care.



MODERATOR I promised Senator Clinton she could respond as well. Try to keep it to 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, first of all, if you don't start out trying to get universal health care, we know -- and our members of Congress know -- you'll never get there.

If a Democrat doesn't stand for universal health care that includes every single American, you can see the consequences of what that will mean. I think it is imperative that we have plans, as both John and I do, that from the very beginning say, "You know what? Everybody has got to be covered."

There's only three ways of doing it. You can have a single-payer system, you can require employers, or you can have individual responsibility. My plan combines employers and individual responsibility, while maintaining Medicare and Medicaid.

I think that the whole idea of universal health care is such a core Democratic principle that I am willing to go to the mat for it. I've been there before. I will be there again. I am not giving in; I am not giving up; and I'm not going to start out leaving 15 million Americans out of health care.

Secondly, we have seen once again a kind of evolution here. When Senator Obama ran for the Senate, he was for single-payer and said he was for single-payer if we could get a Democratic president and Democratic Congress. As time went on, the last four or so years...

As time went on, the last four or so years, he said he was for single payer in principle, then he was for universal health care. And then his policy is not, it is not universal. And this is kind of like the present vote thing, because the Chicago Tribune, his hometown paper, said that all of those present votes was taking a pass. It was for political reasons.

Well, when you come up with a universal health care plan and you don't have any wiggle room left, you know that you're going to draw a lot of political heat. I am not running for president to put Band-Aids on our problems. I want to get to universal health care for every single American.



MODERATOR I have to let Senator Obama respond.

But try to be brief, 30 seconds, if possible.

(LOSER) Good luck.

WINNER Right, exactly.

Here's the policy question if, in fact, we are not making it affordable enough, which is what's happening right now, and you mandate on families to buy health insurance that they can't afford and if they don't buy it you fine them or in some other way take money for them -- this is what's happening...

LOSER But, Barack, you're ignoring that we subsidize...

WINNER John, I haven't finished. John, let me finish.

LOSER OK, all right, go ahead.

WINNER Now, what is happening in Massachusetts right now -- there are articles being written about it -- which is that folks are having to pay fines and they don't have health care. They'd rather go ahead and take the fine because they can't afford the coverage.

My core belief is that people desperately want coverage. They desperately want it, and my plan provides those same subsidies. And if they are provided those subsidies and they have good, quality care that's available, then they will purchase it. That is my belief.

Now, it's fine for us to have a debate about how the best way to get there is, but to suggest somehow that I'm not interested in having anybody covered, or to suggest, as Hillary just did, that I was in favor of single payer -- I never said that we should try to go ahead and get single payer. What I said was that if I were starting from scratch, if we didn't have a system in which employers had typically provided health care, I would probably go with a single-payer system.

What's evolved, Hillary, is your presentation of my positions, which is what's happened frequently during the course of this campaign.



MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Let's move on. We have another important subject that, Joe, I want you to start off.

JOHNS Senator Clinton, on the Iraq question, we're here in South Carolina. It's a big military state with a lot of military families. Last week, U.S. military commanders on the ground in Iraq said that Baghdad is now 75 percent secured. There's also important signs of political progress, including de-Baathification, which was basically long awaited. That, of course, was a big benchmark.

Last week, you said the next president will, quote, "have a war to end in Iraq." In light of the new military and political progress on the ground there in Iraq, are you looking to end this war or win it?

LOSER I'm looking to bring our troops home, starting within 60 days of my becoming president, and here's why, Joe. I have the greatest admiration for the American military. I serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I've been to Iraq three times. I've met with the leaders of the various factions. But there is no military solution, and our young men and women should not remain as the referees of their conflict.

I believe what you're seeing happen is twofold. Of course the surge, the so-called surge, was able to pacify certain parts of Iraq. If we put enough of our men and women and equipment in, we're going to be able to have some tactical military success. But the whole purpose of the surge was to force the Iraqi government to move quickly towards the kind of resolution that only it can bring about.

I think what is motivating the Iraqi government is the debate in the political campaign here. They know they will no longer have a blank check from George Bush, that I will with draw troops from Iraq. And I believe that will put even more pressure on the Iraqis to finally make the decisions that they have to make.

It is not going to be easy. Withdrawing troops is dangerous. That's why I've been working to make sure that we knew all of the various steps we would have to take, because it's not just bringing our troops and equipment home. We have more than 100,000 civilians there, working for the embassy, working for businesses, working for charities.

We have a lot of Iraqis who sided with us, translators and drivers who put their lives on the line for American military forces. So this is complicated, but I'm committed to withdraw our troops and to put the Iraqi government on notice that their time is running out.

LOSER And they have to make these tough decisions.

MODERATOR I'm going to let Senator Obama respond, too.

But, Senator Edwards, Senator John McCain, the Republican presidential candidate, he supported the surge from the beginning. I think all three of you opposed the surge from the beginning. He says now the surge is working, there's military progress, the level of violence has gone down, and that the United States must not surrender in Iraq. It must win that war in Iraq.

Why do you believe Senator McCain is wrong?

LOSER He's wrong because George Bush himself said the entire reason for the surge was to create an environment for political progress. Everyone from the Iraq Study Group, to even Bush recognized -- and if Bush recognizes it, man, it's really got to be out there.



LOSER Even President Bush recognizes that unless the Sunni and Shia reach some political reconciliation, there cannot be stability in Iraq. And the problem with this definition and evaluation of where the progress has been made is that there has been no meaningful political progress.

There has been a little bit, in fairness. A little bit, but very little. And I don't think it changes anything.

The one thing I would say is -- and I would actually like for both of them to have a chance to respond to is this -- what I have said very clearly, all of us has said, we would end the war. And I don't have any doubt that all of us are committed to that, I don't doubt that. But how aggressively and how quickly is an important question.

And I have said in the first year that I am president, I will have all combat troops out of Iraq. All combat missions will end in Iraq, and there will be no permanent military bases in Iraq.



LOSER I have not heard -- now, admittedly, just to be fair, I don't hear everything they say on the campaign trail, but I have not heard either of them say that definitively. So I would be interested in knowing whether they will commit to having all combat troops out and ending combat missions in the first year.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER John, what I have said, and I've said repeatedly, is I want to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in, but I want to make sure that we get all our combat troops out as quickly as we can safely. Now, the estimates are maybe that's two brigades per month. At that pace it would be some time in 2009 that we had our combat troops out, depending on whether Bush follows through on his commitment to draw down from the surge.

We don't know that yet, but understand what's at stake here. John is exactly right that the question is, how do we create a stable Iraqi government where our troops are not required to remain permanent bases in -- and a permanent occupation in Iraq?

We are spending $9 billion to $10 billion every month. That's money that could be going right here in South Carolina to lay broadband lines in rural communities, to put kids back to school.

And so when John McCain says we'll be there for 50 or 60 or 100 years, it is not just the loss of life, which is obviously the most tragic aspect of it, it's also the fact that financially it is unsustainable. We will have spent $2 trillion at least, it's estimated, by the time this whole thing is over. That's enough to have rebuilt every road, bridge, hospital, school in America, and still have money left over.



MODERATOR All right.

WINNER But just one last point I want to make.

We are seeing Al Qaida stronger now than at any time since 2001. That is a significant threat that has to be dealt with. Because we have been distracted, we have ended up seeing a more dangerous situation, and so we are not -- this is not just a matter of who is right and who is wrong about having gone to war or the surge. It's also, how do we deal with the future threats? And as long as we're bogged down in Iraq, we are not going to be able to deal with those future threats.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, do you want to respond to Senator Edwards asking you whether you're ready to commit to all combat troops being out of Iraq within a year?

LOSER What I have said is that I will move as quickly as possible. I hope to have nearly all out within a year.

We don't know what we're going to inherent from President Bush, but there is a big problem looming on the horizon that we had better pay attention to, and that is President Bush is intent upon negotiating a long-term agreement with Iraq which would have permanent bases, permanent troop presence. And he claims he does not need to come to the United States Congress to get permission, he only needs to go to the Iraqi parliament.

That is his stated public position. He was recently in the region, and it is clear that he intends to push forward on this to try to bind the United States government and his successor to his failed policy.

I have been strongly opposed to that. We should not be planning permanent bases and long-term troop commitments.

LOSER Obviously, we've got to rein in...



... President Bush. And I've proposed legislation and I know that members of the Congressional Black Caucus are looking at this, as well. We need legislation in a hurry which says, "No, Mr. Bush, you are the president of the United States of America. You cannot bind our country without coming to the United States Congress." This is a treaty...



... that would have to be presented and approved, and it will not be.

MODERATOR I just want to tell the presidential candidates and everyone, we're just getting started. We're going to continue. We have to take a quick, quick commercial break.

When we come back, you're going to see a different set. We're all going to be seated up here. All the rules are going to go away. We're going to have an important conversation, an important -- whatever rules are left, that is. They're all going to go away and we're going to discuss the issues in this campaign.

Much more of our debate here when we come back.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR We're rearranging the furniture here on the stage at Myrtle Beach in South Carolina. The Senators are getting ready for part two of this debate, which will be much more informal. There will really be no rules in this part two.

We're going to go through many other substantive issues. The candidates are just getting ready to come out. They're bringing the chairs out right now. Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator Barack Obama, Senator John Edwards will be here. We'll be going through the issues.

Much more of our coverage right after this.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR Welcome back to the Democratic presidential debate. We're here in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina with three Democratic presidential candidates.

MODERATOR I also want to remind all of our viewers out there in the United States and around the world they can always go to cnnpolitics.com. They can continue to watch what's going on here, get a lot more information on the positions, the substantive positions of all of these candidates. If they need more information -- you need more information, that's the place to go cnnpolitics.com.

I want to begin the second part of this debate with a question for Senator Obama, and I want to refer to Congressman Charlie Rangel, one of the most powerful members, one of the most powerful members of the House of Representatives, and specifically on this Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, a day so important to all of us here in the United States.

He's a supporter of Hillary Clinton and he said yesterday, and I'm quoting now, that he likes you, Senator Obama. He's very proud of your accomplishments. But he went on to say that "Black voters should not do what makes us feel good, but what's good for our great nation."

And I wonder if you want to respond to that notion that it may make a lot of African-Americans feel good to vote for you, but it might not necessarily be the best thing for the United States.

WINNER Well, first of all, Charlie's absolutely right that African-Americans should vote for what's best for them, their children, and this country, and the same way that I think Hillary...



... you know, Hillary feels that women should vote for what's best for them, their children, and their country.

LOSER Would you mind saying that...

WINNER And the same way that John...

LOSER Say that a little more often.

WINNER Absolutely. Same way that John, I think, he wants white males to vote for...



LOSER And women and African-Americans.

WINNER So I think Charlie's right in principle. Now, obviously, he and I differ in terms of what would be best for the nation. I wouldn't be running if I didn't think that I could bring the country together most effectively, that I can overcome the special interests in Washington most effectively, that I can inspire the American people to get involved in their government most effectively.

So his principle is right. He just has miscalculated in his equation. But I get along great with Charlie, so I'm sure that - as president, I look forward to working with him as chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee to get things done for families of America.



MODERATOR I'll move on to the next question from Suzanne unless either of you want to make a comment.

Suzanne.

MALVEAUX It's kind of related to Senator Edwards. I've spoken with a lot of African American voters in South Carolina this week, and a lot of them say that electing a black president, that this would change the way whites see African Americans and the way African Americans see themselves.

Do you think that this is a valid consideration for voters in determining who's president?

LOSER Well, first of all, I don't think it's for me to tell anybody, and particularly not African Americans, what they should consider when they're voting. I think they ought to be able to consider anything that they think is fair and reasonable and important to them.

What I would say, though, is on the issue, since we are here on Dr. King's day, on the issues of equality, ending poverty in America, the things that he devoted so much of his life to, no one has been -- and with all respect to the two other candidates, no one has been more aggressive on these issues than I have.

I mean, ending poverty is the cause, the single most important cause in my life. I'm not suggesting for a minute the two of them haven't spoken about it, because they obviously have. But I have made it central to what I'm doing, central to my campaign and I have been trying to drive it in this campaign and welcome everything they have to say.

I have a comprehensive set of ideas about how we end poverty in this country. I think it is a huge moral issue facing the United States of America, and it is an enormous issue facing the African American community.

If you're black, you're much more likely to be poor, you're much less likely to have health care coverage. That community is hurt worse by poverty than any community in America. And it's our responsibility, not just for the African American community, but for America, as a nation, to take on this moral challenge, to try as best we can to walk in the shadow of Dr. King and try to make certain that we take this cause on, and I intend to do it.

It will be central to the work that I do as president of the United States, ending poverty in America.

MODERATOR Let's let Senator Clinton respond, and then Senator Obama.

LOSER Well, I respect John's commitment to ending poverty. That's why, 35 years ago, when I graduated from law school, I didn't go to work for a law firm. I went to work for Marian Wright Edelman at the Children's Defense Fund, because ending poverty - particularly ending poverty for children, has been the central core cause of everything that I've been doing for 35 years.

I care deeply about what for me is a mission and it does infuse everything that I do and why I'm in public office and why before I was in public service, chairing the Legal Services Corporation so that people got free legal aid when they would otherwise be put out of the courthouse, standing up time and time again for health care and education for abused and neglected kids and kids in the foster care system.

But I think that what we want to do is have a little reality check here, because how is it best to end poverty? We know we've got to maintain programs that are there to help people in need, but look at what's happened over the space of the last seven years. The average African American family has lost $2,600 in income.

Compare that to the prior eight years, when we had a president who took on the fights of the '90s and stood up against the Republicans, often at great cost. And the typical African American family went up $7,600 during the 1990s.

We know we've got to attack poverty by making sure the economy works for everybody. We have to lift up the idea of good jobs with good benefits, and I think that we know what we need to do. And if we have a president who is willing from day one to make it a mission to create shared prosperity again, that's going to be good for every American. And that's what I'm going to offer as president. That's what I've been talking about, that's what I've been working for and that's what I intend to do. And I think we can get results for every American.

MODERATOR Senator?

WINNER Well, I think John has run a terrific campaign and has focused on poverty during the campaign.

But, John, I have to say, first of all, I have put forward a comprehensive poverty plan that talks about early childhood education, health care for children, dealing with ex-offenders.

And I'll be, you know, happy to share it with you. I know that you don't have time to read all my stuff, just as I don't have time to read yours.

But understand this. I haven't just been talking about...

LOSER Maybe I can read it when I can't go to sleep at night.

WINNER Well, there you go.



That's when I usually read my stuff, actually. But I think it's important.

It's not just talking about it during a campaign. You know, as I said, I started my career after college working in low-income neighborhoods, working in public housing projects, talking to children who would tell me that, when I asked them, "What do you want to be when you grow up?" They say, "I want to be a doctor," or, "I want to be a lawyer," had the same aspirations as every other child, but they were three, four grade levels behind.

And nobody had told them that the likelihood of them accomplishing their goals were each year diminished because we weren't putting the money in to make sure that they could actually achieve it.

And that's what I did as a civil rights attorney. That's what I did as a state legislator, providing health care for people who didn't have it, making sure that we are providing tax relief to those who need it, as opposed to those who don't.

So I want to make clear, John, that I think a lifetime commitment is how people are going to have to measure these issues.

One last point I want to make, because I think the media, you know, has really been focused a lot on race as we move down to South Carolina. And I have to say that, as I travel around South Carolina, I am absolutely convinced that white, black, Latino, Asian, people want to move beyond our divisions, and they want to join together...



... in order to create a movement for change in this country.

And, I mean, I'm not entirely faulting the media because, look, race is a factor in our society. There's no doubt that in a race where you've got an African-American, and a woman, and John...



... there's no doubt that that has piqued interest, but I guess what I'm saying is I don't want to sell the American people short.

They are desperate to move beyond the same, old arguments that we've been having and start actually getting something done in this country. And that's what the Democratic Party has been about.



The Republicans may have a different attitude, because they haven't been appearing before forums that are diverse. And the policies, frankly, that they've promoted -- and here I think all three of us agree -- the policies that they have promoted have not been good at providing ladders for upward mobility and opportunity for all people.

That is a fight that all of us will fight. But I don't want us to get drawn into this notion that somehow this is going to be a race that splits along racial lines.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, first of all, before I ever was involved in politics at all, I was involved with Urban Ministries in North Carolina, which is a group that takes care of the poorest of the poor, the homeless, the people who are struggling.

There are a lot of Americans -- I've bet some people here won't know this -- but I've been in a fight with Bill O'Reilly -- that's a fight I'd love to be in, by the way -- I've been in a fight with Bill O'Reilly about whether we, in fact, have 200,000 men and women who wore our uniform who are homeless every single night.

They are. There's absolutely no question about that. And anybody in this audience who's paying attention knows it.

But what I worry about is all the work that I've done at the poverty center that I started at the university, the work I did before I got involved in politics, all the substantive ideas, what I worry about is this starts to sound like a statistic.

You know, we talk about 37 million Americans who live in poverty -- that's more than the population of California -- in the richest nation on the planet.

I've been to hundreds of places around this country who take care of the poorest of the poor, extraordinary, wonderful places. But I'll never forget, just a year or so ago, I was with a woman in Kansas City who told me the story -- worked full-time, worked full-time. She had several children.

Every night in the winter, she could not pay both her heating bill and her rent. She had to choose. Single mom, working full-time, she had to put her kids in all of their winter clothing, in their coats, bundle them up in the bed together, put as many blankets on top of them as she could.

And she'd get them out of bed in the morning and send them off to school. And the last thing she would say to them? "Please, for goodness's sakes, don't tell anybody at school what's happening here, because they'll come and take you away from me."

LOSER No mother in America should have to live like that. We are a better country than that.



MODERATOR Joe Johns.

JOHNS Senator Obama, appreciating what you said about the media's preoccupation with race, there is...

WINNER Here we go.

JOHNS Right. The Nobel Prize-winning African-American author, Toni Morrison, famously observed about Bill Clinton, "This is our first black president, blacker than any actual black person who could ever be elected in our children's lifetime."

Do you think Bill Clinton was our first black president?



WINNER Well, I think Bill Clinton did have an enormous affinity with the African-American community, and still does. And I think that's well earned.

Like John, one of the things that I'm always inspired by -- no, I'm -- this I'm serious about. I'm always inspired by young men and women who grew up in the South when segregation was still taking place, when, you know, the transformations that are still incomplete but at least had begun had not yet begun. And to see that transformation in their own lives I think that is powerful, and it is hopeful, because what it indicates is that people can change.

And each successive generation can, you know, create a different vision of how, you know, we have to treat each other. And I think Bill Clinton embodies that. I think he deserves credit for that.

Now, I haven't...



WINNER I have to say that, you know, I would have to, you know, investigate more of Bill's dancing abilities.



WINNER You know, and some of this other stuff before I accurately judge whether he was in fact a brother. But...



MODERATOR Let's let Senator Clinton weigh in on that.

LOSER Well, I'm sure that can be arranged.



LOSER You know, I want to echo what Barack has said and what each of us has said repeatedly over the last days. You know, this campaign is obviously an incredible opportunity for so many people to become involved, to be part of making history.

You have got a son of the South. You've got an African-American. You have a woman. What better way to celebrate the legacy of Dr. King than to look at this stage right here tonight?



LOSER And, you know, I'm reminded of one of my heroes, Frederick Douglas, who had on the masthead of his newspaper in upstate New York, "The North Star," that right has no sex and truth has no color. And that is really the profound message of Dr. King.

You know, the content of our character, who we are as people. And I think that my pride in being part of this campaign -- now, look, it's a hard-fought campaign.

We have differences, but it would be unbecoming of any of us to not share those differences and to make the points we're making because we are competing for the most important job in the world at a time when our country has been disgraced abroad, when we have denied and ignored the problems that are afflicting people in South Carolina and across America, when we know we will inherit a huge amount of damage from President Bush upon taking office on January 20th, 2009, whoever the next president is.

So we are passionate about our cause, our candidacy, what we believe, what we want to do for America. And it is a great privilege for me to be part of this. And I think it's important that we stay focused on the future, what we are going to do together to make our country once again what it should be, to deal with this myriad of problems that await, because we can bring our country together and we can set big goals again.

We can start acting like Americans and solve those problems together, and that's what I want to do.



WINNER And I have to say, Wolf, that I especially appreciate the fact that Hillary and John were giving me a tough time, because that shows I'm doing pretty good.



I would be upset if there was too much civility in this debate, because it is competitive.

One last point I want to make about this, though, and John alluded to it on the poverty issue.

The one thing we -- when I say we should not focus on my race or Hillary's gender in terms of choosing a candidate, that is not to say that we should be ignoring the very real problems that still exist in terms of race in America.



So for example, if we know that in our criminal justice system, African-Americans and whites, for the same crime, receive - are arrested at very different rates, are convicted at very different rates, receive very different sentences.



That is something that we have to talk about. But that's a substantive issue and it has to do with how do we pursue racial justice.

If I am president, I will have a civil rights division that is working with local law enforcement so that they are enforcing laws fairly and justly. But I would expect...



... a white president or a woman president should want to do the same thing, because I believe that the pursuit of racial equality, of the perfection of this union, is not just a particular special interest issue of the African-American community. That is how all of us are going to move forward.

And to the extent that we don't deal with those issues, those longstanding, deep seeded issues, we will continue to be hampered. We will be competing with the world with one hand tied behind our backs.

LOSER And, you know, Wolf, the...



... the challenge is for us to address all of these issues. We obviously still have problems of gender equality. You know, equal pay is not yet equal.



A woman makes $0.77 on a dollar and women of color make $0.67. So there is a big agenda waiting for the Democratic Party. And we feel so passionately about this because we not only are running for office, but we each, in our own way, have lived it.

We have seen it. We have understood the pain and the injustice that has come because of race, because of gender. And it's imperative that, as we move forward with our campaign, we make it very clear that each of us will address these issues.

You don't hear the Republicans talking about any of this. You don't hear them talking about the disgrace of a criminal justice system that incarcerates so many more African-Americans proportionately than whites. You don't hear any kind of effort to help historically Black Colleges and Universities, something that I'm committed to doing in order to...



... make it clear that these are important institutions that have led the way for so many great leaders to be where they are today.

So we have a specific set of policies and priorities that are really part of who we are, as well as part of what the Democratic Party stands for.

MODERATOR I'm going to let the son of the south wrap this subject up and then we'll move on to Suzanne.

LOSER Well, I appreciate what both of them said about the transformative effect of having lived with this. I mean, I grew up, I was born here in South Carolina, grew up in South Carolina, Georgia and North Carolina, and, in my early years, I lived in the segregated south.

I mean, I saw up close the impact it had on people's lives and I saw up close the blood, sweat and tears and lives of those, including some people who are in this audience tonight, what they went through to bring about this change.

And there is a great deal -- Hillary says the Republicans don't talk about it. There's some things we don't talk about, either, and if you look at what's...



... if you look at what's happening, my father, who, I mentioned earlier, is sitting in the audience, he raised me to believe that the men and women who worked in the mill with him were worth every bit as much as the man that owned that mill.



And if we really believe that every American is of equal value, no matter who their family is, where the live or what the color of their skin -- when are we going to start living together? Because you look at what's happening -- I announced my campaign from the ninth ward of New Orleans.

I think a lot of America was shocked to see those pictures coming out of the ninth ward. And you can't pick on New Orleans. The same thing's true in many communities all over this country.

I mean, we have got to -- both in housing policy and economic policy and every other way -- create the kind of opportunity for people to be able to move. It shouldn't just be that rich folks are able to, if they don't like their neighborhood or don't like their school or are worried about crime in their neighborhood, they're the only ones that can go somewhere else.

Everybody in America ought to have that chance, at the same time that we're investing in a serious way to improving all of our neighborhoods.

MODERATOR Suzanne Malveaux?



MALVEAUX To Senator Clinton. In New Hampshire, you said you found your own voice, but increasingly there are people who believe that it's your husband's voice that has become too loud.

MALVEAUX Congressman Clyburn earlier said today, "I think he can afford to tone it down." Is there a risk that he is overshadowing your message and your voice?

LOSER Well, I think that he is very much advocating on my behalf, and I appreciate that. He is a tremendous asset. And he feels very strongly about this country and what's at stake and what out future should be.

I believe that this campaign is not about our spouses. It is about us. It is about each of us individually. Michelle and Elizabeth are strong and staunch advocates for their husbands, and I respect that.

But, at the end of the day, voters are going to have to choose among us, and I think it's fair to say that really the most important decision is who would be the best president on day one, to deal with all the problems that we know are waiting for our next president? And the subsidiary question is, who can best withstand the Republicans and all that we know is coming from them in order to win in November 2008?

I believe strongly that I can make the best case for that. Obviously, my colleagues believe just as strongly.

So I think that we need to keep our focus on what's at stake in the election, what the future holds, what each of us will bring to this campaign and the presidency, because ultimately it's really not about any of us. It's about the people of South Carolina. It's about the people of America.

And my voice is their voice. What I want to do is take not only my 35 years of experience into the White House, but I want to take all those voices of these extraordinary Americans who come up to me and tell me their stories and give me hope and inspiration that I can do something for them. Because that's what it's about for me.

Politics is not a game. It is the most serious of business. We have seen that over the last seven years. We have seen what a difference it makes when we have a president who is indifferent to and insensitive about the real-life struggles of Americans, and I want to be the champion that once again gives Americans the feeling that they have a president who cares about them and can produce results for them. And that's what I intend to do.

MODERATOR I'm going to let both of the other senators respond. Then we'll take a quick break.

Go ahead, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, Hillary's right. All of us have extraordinarily smart and effective advocates in our spouses.

And, as I've said before, I do not at all begrudge -- I would expect that Bill Clinton would campaign vigorously on your behalf. Obviously, he's the ex-president, so that means that the gets a lot of outsized attention and there's nothing long with that. That's, as you said, an asset to the campaign. I have been troubled, and we already had this discussion, so I don't want to go over it again, the degree to which my record is not accurately portrayed. But that's standard practice in some of our political battles. What I do want to focus on, though, is how important it is, when you talked about taking on the Republicans, how important it is I think to redraw the political map in this country. And the reason I say that is that we have gone through the 2000 election, the 2004 election, both of which were disappointing elections. But the truth is that we as Democrats have not had a working majority in a very long time. And what I mean by that is a working majority that could push through the kinds of bold initiatives that all of us have proposed. And one of the reasons that I am running for president is because I believe that I can inspire new people to get involved in the process, that I can reach out to independents and, yes, some Republicans who have also lost trust in their government and want to see something new. When you look at Bush and Cheney and their record, the one good thing they've done for us is they have given their party a very bad name.  That gives us a unique opportunity in this election, and what we can't do, I think, is just to take the playing field as a given. We want to expand the scope of the electorate so that we can start getting a 60 percent majority, more folks in the House, more folks in the Senate, and I think that's something I can do.

WINNER And that's why we've seen record turnout in every election so far. I'm not taking all the credit for it. I think people are voting against George Bush. But I also think that we've inspired people who had not previously voted before, and that's what the Democratic Party has to do.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER I would just add on it's just really important for primary voters in South Carolina and all the other subsequent primaries to understand they're not just voting in a primary. They're voting to establish what we're going to be doing next November and who our candidate will be next November. And it's becoming increasingly likely, I think, that John McCain is going to be the Republican candidate.

Now, here's what we have to be thinking about. Who will be tough enough and strong enough? And who can compete against John McCain in every place in America?

You know, I believe that I won't just be here campaigning in the South Carolina primary. When I'm the Democratic nominee, I'll be back in South Carolina campaigning for the general election.

And we can't concede places like South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Missouri, all these places around America where we know, everyone knows, that we always do well -- all three of us have been through this -- we always do well in Chicago, or New York, or Los Angeles, Seattle.

We do well in the big urban areas. The question is Are we competitive in the rural areas, in the tougher places for Democrats to compete?

And the only thing I would say -- and I think it has nothing to do with race and gender. Let me be really clear about that. It's amazing now that being the white male...

WINNER You're feeling all defensive about it, John. It's all right, man.

LOSER ... is different.

What I was going to say, though, is being able to go everywhere in America and campaign and to compete -- and I grew up in the rural south, in small towns all across the rural south, and I think I can go everywhere and compete head-to-head with John McCain.

And, actually, the last time I saw one of your polls that had all three of us against John McCain, I was the one that beat John McCain everywhere in America.



And I think we need to be able to have a candidate when people are voting -- it's not the only consideration. Lord knows, if you don't agree with what we stand for, and you don't believe in us, our character and our ability to lead this country, you should not vote for us, no matter what it means for the general election.

But if you believe in our passion, our strength, our toughness, our independence from these special interests -- I've never taken money from a Washington lobbyist or a special interest PAC, which is different than these two guys, over our whole career.

But what I would say that I think what that means is I can go anywhere in America and compete against John McCain and win.

MODERATOR We have to take a quick break, but we have a lot more to talk about, much more of this presidential debate here in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, when we come back.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

WINNER ... where in northern Nevada, in places like Elko, I won by 30 points. And we were attracting Independents and some Republicans. You know, this is the same way that I was able to win the election in Illinois, going to downstate Illinois. So, I think it's important for us not to assume that we can't reach out to people of all -- of all persuasions, and I want to just take one last example on this, and that is on the issue of faith.

WINNER You know, I am a proud Christian. And the...

 I think there have been times -- there have been times where our Democratic Party did not reach out as aggressively as we could to evangelicals, for example, because the assumption was, well, they don't agree with us on choice, or they don't agree with us on gay rights, and so we just shouldn't show up. And when you don't show up, if you're not going to church, then you're not talking to church folk. And that means that people have a very right-wing perspective in terms of what faith means and of defining our faith.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER And as somebody who believes deeply in the precepts of Jesus Christ, particularly treating the least of these in a way that he would, that it is important for us to not concede that ground. Because I think we can go after those folks and get them. 

MODERATOR All right. Suzanne has a question on faith to all of you.

LOSER But Wolf...

MODERATOR Hold...

LOSER ... let me just get in here, because there are a lot of polls showing that I'm beating them higher than anybody else. I don't think that has -- I don't think, frankly, that has much to recommend this far from an election. If John is right and Senator McCain is the Republican nominee, we know that once again we will have a general election about national security. That is what will happen. I believe of any one of us, I am better positioned and better able to take on John McCain or any Republican when it comes to issues about protecting and defending our country and promoting our interest in the world. And if it is indeed the classic Republican campaign, I've been there. I've done that. They've been after me for 16 years, and much to their dismay I am still here. And I intend to be still here when that election comes around and we win in November 2008. 

LOSER I just want to add that I think it's about -- I don't think it's about polls either, Hillary, by the way. But I do think it is about fundamental differences between us and them. And this is a difference that you and I have. You know, I think that John McCain has made central to his time in public life, in his campaign, campaign finance reform and cleaning up the money in politics. And I think it's dangerous for us to send somebody against him who presents a contrast to what he represents. And I'm proud of the fact that I've never taken money from a Washington lobbyist or a special interest PAC.

LOSER And I have a question -- I have a question that I'm interested in hearing you respond to. You've talked a lot about day one. I've committed -- I don't know what Barack has said about this -- but I've committed not to have any corporate lobbyists working in my White House on the first day that I'm president. Will you make the same commitment?

LOSER Well, you know, John, I will make the commitment to have people in the White House who are honest and trustworthy and put the interests of the United States first. But I think...

LOSER Is that a no?

LOSER You know what? I don't know.  I don't know, because I'm not in favor of corporate lobbyists, but you keep drawing these artificial distinctions. You take money from people who employ lobbyists, who are married to lobbyists, who are the children of lobbyists. And, you know, at some point this gets really hard to take, because if you are someone like I am, who has withstood the full force of corporate lobbyists, starting with the health insurance companies, and the drug companies, and the oil companies, and everybody that I've taken on for all of these years, you know, I think I'm independent and tough enough to be able to deal with anybody. And that's what I intend to do. 

LOSER Those people, though -- here's the problem, Hillary. Everybody is listening. They can make their own judgment about this. They don't have to depend on us. When somebody gives you millions and millions of dollars, I think they expect something. I don't think they're doing it for nothing.

LOSER Well, John, trial lawyers have given you millions and millions of dollars. So...

LOSER And what they expect from me is they expect me to stand up for democracy, for the right to jury trial, for the right for little people to be heard in the courtroom. And that is exactly what I stand up for. That is not the same thing. That is not the same thing as corporate lobbyists who are in there every single day lobbying against the interests of middle-class Americans. And I think we need a president who can stand up. We have a difference about this. You're entitled to your view. But we have a real difference about it.

LOSER No, we don't have a real difference. Where we stand is -- where I stand is for public financing. I'm going to do everything I can to get public financing, to get the money out of American politics. But, you know, Barack has a lot of lobbyists who are leading his campaign here in South Carolina. John has had lobbyists who've been working hard for him all of these years. The point is that you've got to say no. You've got to say no.

WINNER Let me interject.

LOSER And, yes, I think that we will say no consistently in order to have a positive agenda that is actually going to make a difference. Do you have to stand up to the lobbyists? Yes. But the lobbyists represent the interests that are paying the lobbyists. So to go and focus on the lobbyists, you know, kind of misses the point.

WINNER Let me just interject on this. Hillary, you're right. Nobody's hands are perfectly clean in politics. That is true. I mean, there a distinction, though, between not taking PAC and federal lobbyist money and having that as a major way of driving your campaign and having some ancillary involvement. But, you know, I don't want to go down that route. What I want to really focus on is this issue of national security, because I think you've repeated this a number of times. You are the person best prepared on national security issues on day one, and so if you're running against John McCain, that you can go toe-to-toe. I fundamentally disagree with that. And I want to tell you why, because I believe that the way we are going to take on somebody like a John McCain on national security is not that we're sort of -- we've been sort of like John McCain, but not completely, you know, we voted for the war, but we had reservations. I think it's going to be somebody who can serve a strong contrast and say, "We've got to overcome the politics of fear in this country." As commander-in-chief...  As commander-in-chief, all of us would have a responsibility to keep the American people safe. That's our first responsibility. And I would not hesitate to strike against anybody who would do Americans or American interests' harm. But what I do believe...

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER Wait, Wolf, let me finish. I was listening to these folks quite some time. What I do believe is that we have to describe a new foreign policy that says, for example, I will meet not just with our friends, but with our enemies, because I remember what John F. Kennedy said, that we should never negotiate out of fear, but we should never fear to negotiate. Having that kind of posture is the way I think we effectively debate the Republicans on this issue. Because if we just play into the same fear-mongering that they have been engaged in since 9/11, then we are playing on their battlefield, but, more importantly, we are not doing what's right in order to rebuild our alliances, repair our relationships around the world, and actually make us more safe in the long term.

LOSER And it requires that -- wait, wait. Both of them talked about it. You've got to let me say a word.

MODERATOR All right, 30 seconds, please.

LOSER What it requires is having something beyond a short- term foreign policy of convenience. I mean, Bush has done extraordinary damage to us.

LOSER But if we have a visionary foreign policy, where we re- establish America as a moral leader in the world, where we do the things that we need to do to combat global poverty, to deal with the spread of HIV/AIDS, the spread of disease at large, economic development, what it does is it takes an entire generation of young people who are sitting on the fence as I speak and on one side is Al Qaida and Bin Laden, Islamic jihad, and on the other side is the United States of America, which way do they go? That depends entirely on us. If they continue to see this foreign policy of belligerence, selfishness, only interested in the expansion of American power, we will drive them in the other direction. If, on the other hand, they see America as the light, the source of hope and opportunity, it will pull them to us like a magnet. We need to be that light again. 

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. We are completely out of time, but we have time for one final question that I'd like to ask all three of you to respond and, if possible, within one minute or less, and it's an important question on this important day. And, Senator Edwards, let me start with you. If Dr. Martin Luther King were alive today, unfortunately, he's not, but if he were alive today, why do you think he would or why should he endorse you?

LOSER For two reasons. One is that -- we've talked about this a great deal already -- I met with Martin III in Atlanta on Saturday and he was very kind about me pushing the single biggest issue -- two biggest issues that Dr. King stood for, which are the issues of equality and ending poverty in America. I've been on at least part of his poor people's campaign. I was in Marks, Mississippi, among other places. I mean, I have been pushing this issue as aggressively and as loudly as I possibly can and I will do it as long as I'm alive, because it is central to what I believe. He also worked very hard for the Voting Rights Act and he would look at an America today where almost half of our people don't vote. They're disenchanted. They -- Barack's spoken about this. They feel disengaged. And what we need is a president of the United States who actually believes to their core in equality, who's willing to fight for that equality, who's willing to do things that may not be politically popular. And fighting to end poverty in America may not get you any votes, but it is the right thing to do. 

MODERATOR Senator?

WINNER Well, I don't think Dr. King would endorse any of us. I think what he would call upon the American people to do is to hold us accountable, and this goes to the core differences, I think, in this campaign. I believe change does not happen from the top down. It happens from the bottom up. Dr. King understood that.  It was those women who were willing to walk instead of ride the bus, union workers who are willing to take on violence and intimidation to get the right to organize. It was women who decided, "I'm as smart as my husband. I'd better get the right to vote."

WINNER them arguing, mobilizing, agitating, and ultimately forcing elected officials to be accountable, I think that's the key.

So that has been a hallmark of my career, transparency and accountability, getting the American people involved. That's how we're going to bring about change. That's why I want to be president of the United States, to respect the power of the American people to bring about change.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, there is no doubt that change comes from the extraordinary efforts of the American people. I've seen it in my life. I'm sitting here as a result of that change.

It is also true -- and Dr. King understood this. He campaigned for political leaders. He lobbied them. He pushed them. He cajoled. He did everything he could to get them over the line so that they would be part of the movement that he gave his life for.

There are people sitting in this audience right now, John Lewis, Jim Clyburn, they were part of those kinds of efforts, going so far as they could to make it clear that we had to live up to our values and our ideals.

And then there was a meeting of morality and politics. And the political leaders finally responded.

The American people should not have to work so hard to get leaders who will actually help them and recognize we are strongest when we lead by our values. Dr. King transformed the lives of so many of us, and I intend to do whatever I can to make his legacy real in the lives of Americans.

MODERATOR Senators, that ends our debate. Thank you so very much. Thanks to all of you.


MODERATOR As we sit here this, as may you may know, is the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday. Race was one of the issues we expected to discuss here tonight. Our sponsors expected it of us. No one, however, expected it to be quite so prominent in this race as it has been over the last 10 days.

We needn't go back over all that has happened, except to say that this discussion, before it was over, involved Dr. King, President Johnson, even Sidney Poitier, several members of Congress and a prominent African-American businessman, supporting Senator Clinton, who made what seemed to be a reference to a part of Senator Obama's teenage past that the senator himself has written about in his autobiography.

The question to begin with here tonight, Senator Clinton, is, how did we get here?

LOSER Well, I think that what's most important is that Senator Obama and I agree completely that, you know, neither race nor gender should be a part of this campaign.

It is Dr. King's birthday. The three of us are here in large measure because his dreams have been realized you know, John, who is, as we know, a son of a mill worker and, you know, really has become an extraordinary success; Senator Obama, who has such an inspirational and profound story to tell America and the world; I, as a woman who is also beneficiary of the civil rights movement and the women's movement and the human rights movement. And the Democratic Party has always been in the forefront of that.

So I very much appreciate what Senator Obama and I did yesterday, which is that we both have exuberant and sometimes uncontrollable supporters, that we need to get this campaign where it should be.

And we're all family in the Democratic Party. We are so different from the Republicans on all of these issues, in every way that affects the future of the people that we care so much about.

So I think that it's appropriate on Dr. King's birthday, his actual birthday, to recognize that all of us are here as the result of what he did, all of the sacrifice, including giving his life, along with so many of the other icons that we honor. But I know that Senator Obama and I share a very strong commitment to making sure that this campaign is about us as individuals.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, same question.

WINNER Well, I think Hillary said it well. You know, we are right now, I think, in a defining moment in our history. We've got a nation at war, our planet is in peril, and the economy is putting an enormous strain on working families all across the country.

Now, race has always been an issue in our politics and in this country, but one of the premises of my campaign and, I think, of the Democratic Party -- and I know that John and Hillary have always been committed to racial equality -- is that we can't solve these challenges unless we can come together as a people and we're not resorting to the same -- or falling into the same traps of division that we have in the past.

I think our party has stood for that. Dr. King stood for that. I hope that my campaign has inspired that same sense, that there's much more that we hold in common than what separates us. And -- and that is how I want to move this campaign forward, and I hope that's how it moves forward.

MODERATOR And, Senator Edwards, you waded into this topic tangentially yesterday.

LOSER Well, I -- the only thing I would add is I had the perspective of living in the South, including at a time when there was segregation in the South, and I feel an enormous personal responsibility to continue to move forward. Now, we've made great progress, but we're not finished with that progress, and the struggles and sacrifice of Dr. King and many others who gave blood, sweat, tears, and in some cases their lives to move America toward equality.

And I saw it. I saw it when four young men walked into a Woolworth luncheon counter in Greensboro, North Carolina, and sat down, had the courage and strength to do the right thing. And they literally stood up -- stood up on behalf of African-Americans, on behalf of southerners, on behalf of Americans, helped move this country forward in a really serious way.

And having seen the pain and the struggle and the sacrifice of so many up close, because I lived with it -- I lived with it in my years growing up -- I think we, all of us, have an enormous responsibility, not to go back but to go forward.

And I would just add, I think, it goes far beyond the Democratic Party. This is about American and about creating real equality in America across the waterfront.

MODERATOR The questioning continues with Tim Russert.

MODERATOR In terms of accountability, Senator Obama, Senator Clinton on Sunday told me that the Obama campaign had been pushing this storyline. And true enough, your press secretary in South Carolina -- four pages of alleged comments made by the Clinton people about the issue of race. In hindsight, do you regret pushing this story?

WINNER Well, not only in hindsight but going forward.

I think that as Hillary said, our supporters, our staff get overzealous. They start saying things that I would not say, and it is my responsibility to make sure that we're setting a clear tone in our campaign. And I take that responsibility very seriously, which is why I spoke yesterday and sent a message, in case people were not clear, that what we want to do is make sure that we focus on the issues.

Now, there are going to be significant issues that we debate and some serious differences that we have, and I'm sure those will be on display today. What I am absolutely convinced of is that everybody here is committed to racial equality, has been historically.

And what I also expect is that I'm going to be judged as a candidate in terms of how I'm going to be improving the lives of the people of Nevada and people all across the country -- that they are going to be ultimately making judgments on can I deliver on good jobs and good wages; can I make sure that our home foreclosure crisis is adequately dealt with; are we going to be serious about retirement security; and are we going to have a foreign policy that makes us safe. And if I'm communicating that message, then I expect to be judged on that basis. And if I'm not, then I expect to be criticized on that basis. And that's the kind of campaign that we want to run and that we have run up until this point.

MODERATOR Do you believe this is a deliberate attempt to marginalize you as the black candidate?

WINNER No. As I said, you know, I think that if you look not just at this campaign, but at my history -- my belief is that race is a factor in our society.

But I think what happened in Iowa is a testimony to the fact that the American public is willing to judge people on the basis of who can best deliver the kinds of changes that they're so desperately looking for, and that's the kind of movement that we want to build all across the country. And that, I think, is the legacy of Dr. King that we need to build on.

MODERATOR In New Hampshire your polling was much higher than the actual vote result. Do you believe in the privacy of the voting booth that people used race as an issue?

WINNER No. I think what happened was that Senator Clinton ran a good campaign up in New Hampshire. And, you know, I think that people recognize we've got some terrific candidates who are running vigorous campaigns. It's going to be close everywhere we go. It's close here in Nevada. It's going to be close in South Carolina. And, you know, at any given moment people are going to be making judgments based on who they think is best speaking to them about the urgent problems that they're facing in this country.

Now, the one thing I'm convinced about, and this was true in Iowa and this is true in New Hampshire as well, is that change is going to happen because the American people determine that change is going to happen. And that's what I draw from Dr. King's legacy.

You know what happens in Washington is important, and we've got to have elected officials that are accountable and serious about moving forward on the goals of opportunity and upward mobility. But if we don't have an activated people, a unified people -- black, white, Latino, Asian -- who are all moving in the same direction and demanding that change happens, then Washington special interests, lobbyists end up dominating the agenda. That's what I want to change.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, in terms of accountability, you told me on Sunday morning, "Any time anyone has said anything that I thought was out of bounds, they're gone. I've gotten rid of them." Shortly thereafter, that same afternoon, Robert Johnson, at your event, said, quote, "When Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood that -- I won't say what he was doing, but he said it in his book" -- widely viewed as a reference to Senator Obama's "Dreams from My Father," from 1995, where he talked about his drug use as a teenager. Will you now not allow Robert Johnson to participate in any of your campaign events because of that conduct?

LOSER Well, Bob has put out a statement saying what he was trying to say and what he thought he had said. We accept him on his word on that.

But clearly we want to send a very clear message to everybody that this campaign is too important for us to either get diverted or frankly get the message of what we want to do for our country subverted by any kind of statements or claims that are just not part of who I am or who Barack or John are, because I think what's critical here is that the American people understand clearly what is at stake in this election.

The stakes are really high, and there's an urgent need for leadership on a range of issues, you know, some of which are now becoming, right here in front of us, about whether or not people are going to be able to keep their homes in Nevada, whether they're going to have jobs.

You know, I went door to door in Las Vegas last week and, you know, I met construction workers who've been laid off. I met a casino employee who's already been laid off. So what people talk to me about is not what somebody they never heard of said but what we say, what we're for, what we're standing for and what we're going to be pushing for. So I accept what he said, but I think what's important is what I say and what each of us says about the kind of president we intend to be and how we're going to get there.

MODERATOR Were his comments out of bounds?

LOSER Yes, they were, and he has said that.

MODERATOR We're going to continue the questioning now with Natalie Morales.

MORALES Thank you, Brian. And this is a question for Senator Edwards. It comes to us from Margaret Wells from San Diego, California.

Senator, she's asking, the policy differences among the remaining candidates is so slight that we appear to be choosing on the basis of personality and life story. That being said, why should I, as a progressive woman, not resent being forced to choose between the first viable female candidate and the first viable African American candidate?

LOSER Well, I think that the decision for every voter in this election should revolve around, first, whether you believe America needs change; if you do, who you think would be most effective in bringing about that change. We have different perspectives on that.

I think the system in Washington is broken. I don't think it works. And I think the American people -- middle-class Americans are struggling and suffering. They can't pay for their health care. They're losing their jobs. They can't pay for their kids to go to college.

Now, this is a very personal thing for me. Hillary mentioned a minute ago that I grew up in a family of mill workers. I was the first person in my family to actually be able to go to college. And so this battle for real opportunity for everybody, the kind of chances I've had in my own life, is central to everything I do. It is central to this campaign. It is a personal, personal fight for me.

And I think the decision that voters make about who can best fight for the middle class, who will never give up on the fight for universal health care, who will actually stand up strongly and -- and fervently for the right to organize, for unions to be able to organize in the workplace. These things are not academic for me; they are my life. I believe in them to my soul. And I will fight with every fiber of my being to make sure that everybody gets that kind of opportunity.

And I think there are some differences on policy and perspective between the three of us, and I hope we get a chance to talk more about that today.

MORALES And Senator Edwards, as a follow-up to Margaret Wells' question, what is a white male to do running against these historic candidacies? (Laughter.)

LOSER You know, I have to say, on behalf of my party -- and I've said this -- I've said this many times -- I'm proud of the fact that we have a woman and an African-American who are very, very serious candidates for the presidency. They both ask not to be considered on their gender or on their race. I respect that.

I do believe, however, that it says really good things about America, and I think, actually believe that both through these primaries and caucuses and in the general election, that the American people are going to make decisions based on who we are, what we stand for and what we're fighting for.

MODERATOR A question for Senator Obama. You won the women's vote in Iowa, but Senator Clinton won the women's vote in New Hampshire; and there probably isn't an American alive today who hasn't heard the post-game analysis of New Hampshire, all the reasons the analysts give for Senator Clinton's victory. Senator Clinton had a moment where she became briefly emotional at a campaign appearance. But another given was at the last televised debate when you, in a comment directed to Senator Clinton, looked down and said, "You're likable enough, Hillary."

That caused Frank Rich to write, on the op-ed page of The New York Times, that it was your most inhuman moment to date, and it clearly was a factor and added up. Senator Obama, do you regret the comment and comments like that today?

WINNER Well, I absolutely regret it, because that wasn't how it was intended. I mean, what -- folks were giving Hillary a hard time about likability, and my intention was to say, I think you're plenty likable. And it did not come out the way it was supposed to.

But you know, I do think that during the course of that debate, there was a tendency to parse out what is, I think, not an issue. I think all three of these candidates are good, capable people. And what we really should be focusing on is, you know, who's got a vision for how we're going to move the country forward?

And I believe that right now, the only way we're going to move the country forward is if we can bring the country together, not just Democrats but independents, Republicans who have also lost trust in government, and we are able to push aside the special interests and the lobbyists, and we are truthful to the American people and enlisting them in changing how our health care system works, how our economy works, what our tax code looks like. And that is going to be an issue that, I think, all of us are going to have to struggle with over the coming days.

It's not going to be an issue of, you know, who's got the nicest smile or, you know, who's going to be fun to have a beer with. It's going to be who can provide the leadership that makes sure the country is moving forward through what I anticipate are going to be some difficult times and who is going to be able to transform how Washington works in a fundamental way.

MODERATOR And one more question about that last televised debate, Senator Edwards. Afterwards Senator Clinton said it was as if you and Senator Obama had formed a buddy system against her. Senator Clinton put out an Internet ad that was entitled "Piling On." Looking back on it, the campaign for New Hampshire, in total, do you admit that it might have looked that way?

LOSER Might have looked way or actually was that way? I don't think it was that way. I mean, my -- my job, as a candidate for president of the United States, is to speak the truth as I see it. I have spoken the truth. I will continue to speak the truth, whatever the consequences are and whatever the perception that -- that people have is.

I do believe that I am a candidate for president who is fighting for change, who believes that we have entrenched moneyed interests in this country that are preventing the middle class from having a real chance.

And it's drug companies, insurance companies, oil companies, there are lobbyists. Barack spoke about them just a few minutes ago. It's why I've never, the whole time I've been in public life, taken a dime from a Washington lobbyist or special-interest PAC, because I do believe those people stand between America and the change that it so desperately needs, in real ways. They're the reason we don't have universal health care. They're the reason we have a trade policy that's cost America millions of jobs. They're the reason we have an insane tax policy that actually gives tax breaks to American companies sending jobs overseas.

The promise of America that I and millions of others have lived -- and we are in Nevada tonight, a place that people come to in the thousands every day to find the promise of America because they believe in it. It is central to everything we are as a nation. And I do believe that that promise is being jeopardized by very well- financed, monied interests. I believe that's the truth, and I'm going to keep saying it.

MODERATOR Tim.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton --

AUDIENCE MEMBER (Could we stop talking ?) race-based questions coming from you two? These are race-based questions. (Off mike) -- race-based and (gender ?)-based.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, your husband said that Senator Obama very well could be the nominee; he could win. With that in mind, when you say that Senator Obama is raising false hopes and you refuse to say whether he's ready to be president, what are the consequences of those comments in the fall against the Republican?

LOSER Well, Tim, we're in a hard-fought primary season. I think each of us recognize that.

You know, we're the survivors of what has been a yearlong campaign, but I certainly have the highest regard for both Senator Obama and Senator Edwards. I've worked with them. I have, you know, supported them in their previous runs for office. There's no doubt that when we have a nominee, we're going to have a totally unified Democratic Party.

The issue for the voters here in Nevada, South Carolina and then all of the states to come is who is ready on day one to walk into that Oval Office knowing the problems that are going to be there waiting for our next president a war to end in Iraq; a war to resolve in Afghanistan; an economy that I believe is slipping toward a recession, with the results already being felt here in Nevada with the highest home foreclosure rate in the entire country; 47 million Americans uninsured; an energy policy that is totally wrong for America, for our future.

You know, President Bush is over in Gulf now begging the Saudis and others to drop the price of oil. How pathetic! We should have an energy policy right now putting people to work in green-collar jobs as a way to stave off the recession, moving us toward energy independence. All of that and more is waiting for our next president.

You know, obviously, each of us believes that we are the person who should walk into that Oval Office on January 20th, 2009. I'm presenting my experience, my qualifications, my ideas, my vision for America. And it's rooted in the voices that I hear -- that I've heard for 35 years -- of people who want a better life for themselves and their children. And I'm going to keep, you know, putting forward what I have done and what I will do. And this is what this election, I think, is really about.

MODERATOR You may think you are the best prepared, but would you acknowledge that Senator Obama and Senator Edwards are both prepared to be president?

LOSER Well, I think that that's up to the voters to decide. I think that that's something that voters have to make a decision about on all of us. They have to look at each and every one of us and imagine us in the Oval Office, imagine us as commander in chief, imagine us making tough decisions about everything we know we're going to have to deal with, and then all of the unpredictable events that come through the door of the White House and land on the desk of the president.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you gave an interview to The Reno Gazette-Journal, and you said we all have strengths and weaknesses. You said one of your weaknesses is, quote, "I'm not an operating officer." Do the American people want someone in the Oval Office who is an operating officer?

WINNER Well, I think what I was describing was how I view the presidency.

Now, being president is not making sure that schedules are being run properly or the paperwork is being shuffled effectively. It involves having a vision for where the country needs to go. It involves having the capacity to bring together the best people and being able to spark the kind of debate about how we're going to solve health care, how we're going to solve energy, how we are going to deliver good jobs with good wages, how we're going to keep people in their homes here in Nevada, and then being able to mobilize and inspire the American people to get behind that agenda for change. That's the kind of a leadership that I've shown in the past. That's the kind of leadership that I intend to show as president of the United States.

So what's -- what's needed is sound judgment, a vision for the future, the capacity to tap into the hopes and dreams of the American people and mobilize them to push aside those special interests and lobbyists and forces that are standing in the way of real change -- and making sure that you have a government that reflects the decency and the generosity of the American people. That's the kind of leadership that I believe I can provide.

MODERATOR You said each of you have strengths and weaknesses. I want to ask each of you quickly, your greatest strength, your greatest weakness.

WINNER My greatest strength, I think, is the ability to bring people together from different perspectives, to get them to recognize what they have in common and to move people in a different direction.

And as I indicated before, my greatest weakness, I think, is when it comes to -- I'll give you a very good example. I ask my staff never to hand me paper until two seconds before I need it, because I will lose it. (Laughter.) You know. The -- you know. And my desk in my office doesn't look good. I've got to have somebody around me who is keeping track of that stuff. And that's not trivial. I need to have good people in place who can make sure that systems run. That's what I've always done. And that's why we've run not only a good campaign but a good U.S. Senate office.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards? Greatest strength, greatest weakness.

LOSER I think my greatest strength is that for 54 years I've been fighting with ever fiber in my being. In the beginning, the fight was for me. Growing up in mill towns and mill villages, I had to literally fight to survive. But then I spent 20 years in courtrooms fighting for children and families against really powerful, well-financed interests.

I learned from that experience, by the way, that if you're tough enough and you're strong enough and you got the guts and you're smart enough, you can win. That's a fight that can be won. It can be won in Washington, too, by the way. And I've continued that -- that fight my entire time in public life.

So I've got what it takes inside to fight on behalf of the American people and on behalf of the middle class.

I think weakness -- I sometimes have a very powerful emotional response to pain that I see around me. When I see a man like Donnie Ingram, who I met a few months ago in South Carolina, who worked with for 33 years in the mill, reminded me very much of the kind of people that I grew up with, who's about to lose his job, has no idea where he's going to go, what he's going to do -- I mean, his dignity and self-respect is at issue, and I feel that in a really personal way and in a very emotional way. And I think sometimes that can undermine what you need to do.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I am passionately committed to this country and what it stands for. I'm a product of the changes that have already occurred, and I want to be an instrument for making those changes alive and real in the lives of Americans, particularly children. That's what I've done for 35 years. It is really my life's work. It is something that comes out of my own experience, both in my family and in my church; that, you know, I've been blessed. And I think to whom much is given, much is expected.

So I have tried to create opportunities, both on an individual basis, intervening to help people who have nowhere else to turn, to be their champion -- I meant to make those changes, and I think I can deliver change.

I think I understand how to make it possible for more people to live up to their God-given potential.

I get impatient. I get, you know, really frustrated when people don't seem to understand that we can do so much more to help each other, and sometimes I come across that way. I admit that. I get very concerned about, you know, pushing further and faster than perhaps people are ready to go.

But I think that, you know, there is a difference here. You know, I do think that being president is the chief executive officer, and I respect what Barack said about setting the vision, setting the tone, bringing people together. But I think you have to be able to manage and run the bureaucracy. You've got to pick good people certainly but you have to hold them accountable every single day.

We've seen the results of a president who frankly failed at that. You know, he went in to office saying he was going to have the kind of Harvard Business School CEO model, where he'd set the tone, he'd set the goals, and then everybody else would have to implement it. And we saw the failures. We saw the failures along the Gulf Coast with, you know, people who were totally incompetent and insensitive, failing to help our fellow Americans.

We've seen the failures with holding the administration accountable with the no-bid contracts and the cronyism.

So I do think you have to do both. It's a -- it's a really hard job, and in America we put, you know, the head of state and the head of government together in one person. But I think you've got to set the tone, you've got to set the vision, you've got to set the goals, you've got to bring the country together. And then you do have to manage and operate and hold that bureaucracy accountable to get the results you're trying to achieve.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, Senator Clinton invoked your name. I'll give you a chance to respond.

WINNER Well, I -- there's no doubt that you've got to be a good manager, and that's not what I was arguing.

The point in terms of bringing together a team is that you get the best people, and you're able to execute and hold them accountable. But I think that there -- there's something, if we're going to evaluate George Bush and his failures as president, that I think are much more important. He was very efficient. He was on time all the time and, you know, had -- (laughter) -- you know, I -- I'm sure he never lost a paper. I'm sure he knows where it is. (Laughter.)

What -- what -- what he -- what he could not do -- what he could not do is to listen to perspectives that didn't agree with his ideological predispositions. What he could not do is to bring in different people with different perspectives and get them to work together. What he could not do is to manage the -- the effort to make sure that the American people understood that if we're going to go into war, that there are going to be consequences and there are going to be costs.

And we have to be able to communicate what those costs are and to make absolutely certain that if we're going to make a decision to send our young men and women into harm's way, that it's based on the best intelligence and that we've asked tough questions before we went in to fight.

I mean, those are -- those are the kinds of failures that have to do with judgment, they have to do with vision, the capacity to inspire people. They don't have to do with whether or not he was managing the bureaucracy properly. That's not to deny that there has to be strong management skills in the presidency. It is to say that what has been missing is the ability to bring people together, to mobilize the country to move us in a better direction, and to be straight with the American people. That's how you get the American people involved.

MODERATOR Time for the rebuttal has expired.

Senator Obama, a fresh question here. It may not come as news to you that there is a lot of false information about you circulating on the Internet. We receive one e-mail in particular usually once several weeks. We've received three of them this week. This particular one alleges, among other things, that you are trying to hide the fact that you are Muslim; that you took the oath of office on the Koran and not the Bible; that you will not pledge allegiance to the flag or generally respect it.

How -- how do you -- how does your campaign go on about combatting this kind of thing?

WINNER Well, look, first of all, let's make clear what the facts are.

I am a Christian. I have been sworn in with a Bible. I pledge allegiance and lead the Pledge of Allegiance sometime in the United States Senate, when I'm presiding. I haven't been there lately because I've been in Iowa and New Hampshire. (Laughter.)

But you know, look, in the Internet age, there are going to be lies that are spread all over the place. I have been victimized by these lies. Fortunately the American people are, I think, smarter than folks give them credit for. And you know, it's a test. These e- mails were going out in Iowa; they were going out in New Hampshire. And we did just fine. If we didn't do well, for example, in New Hampshire, it wasn't because of these e-mails. It was because we didn't do what we needed to do in our campaign.

So my job is to tell the truth, to be straight with the American people about how I intend to end climate change, what I'm going to do with respect to providing health care for every American, how we're going to provide tax relief to hard-working Americans who are really feeling the pinch, and to present my vision for where the country needs to go. If I'm doing that effectively, then I place my trust in the American people that they will sort out the lies from the truth and they will make a good decision.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, thank you.

At this point, we are going to take the first of exactly three breaks in the two-hour broadcast tonight. On the other side of this break, among the topics we'll take on, the economy, when we continue from Las Vegas after this. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back live in Las Vegas, Nevada with the three top candidates for the Democratic nomination for president. BrianMODERATOR with Tim Russert, Natalie Morales.

We're going to continue the questioning here on the topic of the economy, and then within this portion of the broadcast we're going to try something new for this series, and that is the candidates will have two questions each to ask of their fellow candidates.

So while they think about that, we will start off with the economy and a question for you, Senator Clinton. This evening on NBC Nightly News, our lead story was about the fact that Citigroup and Merrill Lynch have both gone overseas, as some put it hat in hand, looking for $20 billion in investment to stay afloat from, among other things, the government of Singapore, Korea, Japan, and the Saudi Prince al-Waleed, the man -- Rudolph Giuliani turned his money back after 9/11.

This is -- strikes a lot of Americans as just plain wrong. At the end of our report, we said this may end up in Congress. What can be done? And does this strike you as fundamentally wrong, that much foreign ownership of these American flagship brands?

LOSER Brian, I'm very concerned about this.

You know, about a month and a half or so ago, I raised this concern because these are called sovereign wealth funds. They are huge pools of money, largely because of oil and economic growth in Asia. And these funds are controlled often by governmental entities or individuals who are closely connected to the governments in these countries.

I think we've got to know more about them. They need to be more transparent. We need to have a lot more control over what they do and how they do it. I'd like to see the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund begin to impose these rules. And I want the United States Congress and the Federal Reserve Board to ask these tough questions.

But let's look at how we got here. We got here because, as I said on Wall Street on December 5th, a lot of our big financial institutions, you know, made these bets on these subprime mortgages. They helped to create this meltdown that is happening, that is costing millions of people who live in homes that are being foreclosed on or could be in the very near future because the interest rates are going up. And what they did was to take all these subprime mortgages and conventional mortgages, bundle them up and sell them overseas to big investors. So we're getting the worst of both worlds.

We can't figure out under this administration what we should do. I have a plan -- a moratorium on foreclosures for 90 days, freezing interest rates for five years, which I think we should do immediately. The administration is doing very little. And what we now see is our financial institutions having to go hat in hand to borrow money from these foreign funds.

I'm very concerned about it. I'd like to see us move much more aggressively both to deal with the immediate problem with the mortgages and to deal with these sovereign wealth funds.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, I neglected to point out that one of the companies keeping these giant American banks afloat is Kuwait -- a nation, an economy arguably afloat itself today, as you know, thanks to the blood, sweat, and tears of American soldiers. What would you do as a remedy?

LOSER Well, the things that Senator Clinton just spoke about are correct. We need more transparency; we need to know what's actually happening. But the fundamental problem is what's happening at the core of the American economy.

What's happening to the economy in America, if you look at it from -- distance, is we have economic growth in America; we still do. But almost the entirety of that economic growth is with the very wealthiest Americans and the biggest multinational corporations.

You ask any middle class family in America, and they will tell you they do not feel financially secure. They're worried about their job; they're worried about paying for health care; they're worried about how they're going to send their kids to college; they're worried about, in many cases -- here in Nevada particularly -- worried about their home being foreclosed on.

I spoke a few minutes ago about thousands of people coming to Nevada every day to try to find the promise of America, to try to find a good job, a good home, to meet the great moral test that all of us have as Americans, which is to make certain that our children have a better life than we have. This is the great challenge that we're facing in this election.

We talked about other historic moments. It is an historic moment for America in this election. Are we going to do what our parents and our grandparents did, who worked and struggled and suffered to ensure that we would have a better life? They have now passed that torch to us, and it is our responsibility and it will be my responsibility as president to ensure that our children and our grandchildren have a better life than we had.

MODERATOR Tim?

Oh, Senator Obama. A rebuttal.

WINNER Well, it's not a rebuttal. I just want to pick up on a couple things that have been said.

Number one, part of the reason that Kuwait and others are able to come in and purchase, or at least bail out, some of our financial institutions is because we don't have an energy policy. And we are sending close to a billion dollars a day.

And this administration has consistently failed to put forward a realistic plan that is going to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, is going to invest in solar and wind and biodiesel. You look at a state like Nevada. One thing I note is folks have got a lot of sun here, and yet we have not seen any serious effort on the part of this administration to spur on the use of alternative fuels, raise fuel efficiency standards on cars. That would make a substantial difference in our balance of payments, and that would make a substantial difference in terms of their capacity to purchase our assets.

And the second thing I just want to point out is that the -- the sub-prime lending mess, part of the reason it happened was because we had an administration that does not believe in any kind of oversight. And we had the mortgage industry spending $185 million on lobbying to prevent provisions such as the ones that I proposed over a year ago that would say, you know, you've got to disclose properly what kinds of loans you're giving to people on mortgages. You've got to disclose if you've got a teaser rate and suddenly their mortgage payments are going to jack up and they can't pay for them.

And one of the things that I intend to do as president of the United States is restore a sense of accountability and regulatory oversight over the financial markets. We have the best financial markets in the world, but only if they are transparent and accountable and people trust them. And increasingly, we have not had those structures in place.

MODERATOR Time's up, Senator.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, poor folk, middle-class folks, really feeling the pinch.

LOSER Yeah.

MODERATOR Bankruptcies are up 40 percent in one year. Five percent of credit card debts are now delinquent. In 2001 you voted for a bankruptcy bill which was the precursor to the 2005 bankruptcy bill that became law, which made it much tougher for middle-class folks, particularly women, when they became bankrupt. Do you regret that vote?

LOSER I absolutely do. I should not have voted for that bankruptcy law.

If you look at what's happening in America today, the -- the bankruptcies that are occurring -- about half of them are the result of medical costs. And the idea that any single mom who has a child who gets catastrophically sick and incurs $30,000 of medical costs has to go into bankruptcy as a result and can't be relieved of that debt makes absolutely no sense. And it's not fair, and it's not right.

And I spoke for just -- just a few minutes ago about the great struggles that the middle class are faced with in this country. And you hear it every single day, because what's happening in America is, jobs are leaving, cost of everything is going up -- health care, college tuition, everything. And -- and on top of that, middle-class incomes are not going up. The incomes at the very top are going up. Profits of big corporations are going up. But the -- but the incomes of middle-class families are not going up.

So the question is, what do we do about it? Besides having somebody who truly understands in a personal way what's happening, what would the president of the United States do? There are a bunch of things we need to do.

We desperately need truly universal health care that covers every single American and dramatically reduces health care costs. We do need, as Barack spoke about just a few minutes ago, a radical transformation of the way we produce and use energy. We can create at least a million new jobs in that transition. We need a national law cracking down on predatory and payday lenders that are taking advantage of our most vulnerable families.

We ought to raise the national minimum wage, which is going up to 7.25 an hour. That's fine. It's not enough. The national minimum wage should be at least $9-and-a-half an hour. It ought to be indexed to go up on its own.

We need to make it easier for kids to go to college. My proposal is that we say to any young person in America who's willing to work when they're in college, at least 10 hours a week, we'll pay for their tuition and books at a state university or a community college. And that can be paid for by getting rid of big banks as the intermediary in student loans. They make 4 (billion) or $5 billion a year. That money ought to be going to sending kids to college.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you voted for the same 2001 bankruptcy bill that Senator Edwards just said he was wrong about. After you did that, the Consumer Federation of America said that your reversal on that bill, voting for it, was the death knell for the opponents of the bill. Do you regret that vote?

LOSER Sure, I do. It never became law, as you know. It got tied up. It was a bill that had some things I agreed with and other things I didn't agree with, and I was happy that it never became law. And I opposed the 2005 bill as well.

But let's talk about where we are now with bankruptcy. We need urgently to have bankruptcy reform in order to get the kind of options available for homeowners. In addition to what I want to do, which is the moratorium on foreclosures for 90 days to see what we can do to work them out, and freezing interest rates for five years, and making the mortgage industry more transparent so we actually know what they're doing -- I mean, look what happened with Countrywide. You know, Countrywide gets bought and the CEO, who was one of the architects of this whole subprime mess, is sent off with $110 million -- $110 million in severance pay. You know, the priorities and the values are absolutely wrong. So what we've got to do is move urgently.

In addition to what I've proposed, I think we've got to reform the bankruptcy law right now going forward so that people who are caught in these subprime and now increasingly conventional loans that they can't pay because of the way the interest rates are going up, and many of the fraudulent and predatory practices that got people into them in the first place, will have the option of getting relieved of this debt. So there's a lot we need to do right now.

And you know, I want to just add that -- that the groups that sponsored this are primarily black and brown groups, that care deeply about these issues. Everything we're talking about falls disproportionately on African Americans, on Hispanics, on a lot of Asian Americans. Here in Nevada, the African American and Hispanic communities are really the ones who are most victimized by these subprime mortgages.

They're the ones who are often the first to be let go when the economy begins to slide. You know, in and out of the homes that I have visited in here in Las Vegas, those are the stories that I'm hearing.

So we need to move urgently. We have a lot of big agenda items that I agree with John on -- universal health care, college affordability -- but we can't wait. We're going to lose another, you know, million Americans in home foreclosures. We're going to see a deteriorating community across America because homes will be left vacant. The housing market is down. Nobody will buy those homes. Housing wealth, which is the principal source of American middle class wealth, is now decreasing.

So I have a real sense of urgency. We need to be acting now. And I know that the Democratic Congress under Senator Harry Reid and Speaker Pelosi are going to do everything they can to address this.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, the 2001 bankruptcy bill, the 2005 bankruptcy bill.

WINNER I opposed them both. I think they were bad ideas, because they were pushed by the credit card companies, they were pushed by the mortgage companies, and they put the interests of those banks and financial institutions ahead of the interests of the American people. And this is typical.

Now, Hillary's exactly right, but we've got to modify some of the fraudulent practices, predatory lending practices. I put in a bill a year and a half ago to make that happen because it does affect communities, including my own on the South Side of Chicago.

But unless we are able to rid the influence of special interest lobbies in Washington, we're going to continue to see bad legislation like that. And that's why we're going to have to change how politics is done in Washington.

Now, we have an immediate problem. I met with a number of folks up in Reno, just two days ago, who are already seeing their homes being foreclosed upon.

One of the things that we have to do is we have to release people who are in bankruptcy as a consequence of health care. We've got to give them a break. One woman who I was with -- her husband is a police officer. He contracted cancer, went through chemotherapy, ends up being hit by a car while on -- in the line of duty, and they fall three, four months behind on their health care payments, and that's it. They can't make the payments on their house. We've got to provide them some relief.

We've -- I've put forward a $10 billion housing fund that can help bridge people who have been responsible in making their payments. They're not speculators, they're not trying to flip properties, they're in their own homes. We've got to make sure that they can get the kinds of help that they need to stay in their homes and make the payments and live out the American dream that is so important to so many people.

MODERATOR Time is up, Senator. We're going to get some more e-mail questions from Natalie Morales.

MORALES All right. And this one is directed to Senator Obama. It comes from a resident of Miami, Florida. "As a middle- class retiree whose primary source of income is dividends, capital gains from stock investments, what, if any, safeguards would you put in place to protect us from your proposed reversal of the Bush tax cuts on these investment vehicles?"

And then if we need additional stimulation, we should look at tax rebates for middle class and working families, not for the wealthy, who have already done very well under George Bush.

MODERATOR Two bits of housekeeping at this point. I've been asked to remind our candidates that we have a system of lights that they can plainly see. The yellow one starts flashing -- (laughter) -- the yellow one starts flashing when they're starting to run out of time, and the red one starts flashing when they are out of time. And another reminder that only seven feet separates us from the candidates. (Laughter.)

Now to that segment we promised earlier. We asked the candidates and their campaigns to come here tonight prepared with two questions, one for each of their opposition candidates. It's not our intention that these be novelty or at all throwaway questions, but that they be real questions. And we should know right away here whether this was a good or a very bad idea. (Laughter.)

Senator Edwards, I would like to start with you. A question for Senator Obama and a question for Senator Clinton.

LOSER I get to do both to begin with?

MODERATOR Sure.

LOSER (Laughs.) Okay.

Well, let me start this question. This is about campaign finances. And let me start it by saying the obvious, which is, all three of us have raised a great deal of money in this campaign, so this is not preachy or holier-than-thou in any possible way.

What we know is that all three of us want to do something about health care in this country. We also know that until recently, Senator Clinton had raised more money from drug companies and insurance companies than any candidate, Democrat or Republican, until you passed her, Senator Obama, recently to go to number one.

My question is, do you think these people expect something for this money?

Why do they give it? Do they think that it's for good government? Why do they do it?

WINNER Well, let's be clear, John. I just want to make sure that we understand. I don't take money from federal lobbyists. I don't take money from PACs.

LOSER As I don't either.

WINNER As you don't either.

What happens is, is that you've got -- if you've got a mid-level executive at a drug company or insurance company who is inspired by my message of change, and they send me money, then that's recorded as money from the drug or the insurance industry, even though it's not organized, coordinated or in any way subject to the problems that you see when lobbyists are given money. But -- and I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting 25, 50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way.

Now, what I'm also proud of is the fact that in reducing special interest lobbying, I alone of the candidates here have actually taken away the power of lobbyists. Part of the reason that you know who's bundling money for various candidates is because of a law I passed this year which says, lobbyists, if you are taking money from anybody and putting it together and then giving it to a member of Congress, that has to be disclosed. Ultimately what I'd like to see is a system of public financing of campaigns, and I'm a cosponsor of the proposal that's in the Senate right now.

That's what we have to fight for.

In the meantime, what I'm very proud of is to make sure that we continue to make progress at the federal level to push back the influence that lobbyists have right now. And that's something that I'm going to continue to work on.

MODERATOR Now, I've been told in midstream here, Senator Edwards, I have to take away one of your options. We were -- we apparently told the campaigns bring one question for an opponent, which now brings us to you, Senator Clinton.

LOSER (Chuckles.)

MODERATOR So you get your choice on, either side.

LOSER Well, I -- I want to ask Senator Obama to join me in doing something. You know, we both very much want to convince President Bush -- which is not easy to do -- in the remaining year to end the war in Iraq, to change direction.

It appears that not only is he refusing to do that, but that he has continued to say he can enter into an agreement with the Iraqi government, without bringing it for approval to the United States Congress, that would continue America's presence in Iraq long after President Bush leaves office. I find that absolutely unacceptable, and I think we have to do everything we can to prevent President Bush from binding the hands of the next president.

So I have introduced legislation that clearly requires President Bush to come to the United States Congress -- it is not enough, as he claims, to go to the Iraqi parliament -- but to come to the United States Congress to get anything that he's trying to do, including permanent bases, numbers of troops, all the other commitments he's talking about as he's traveling in that region.

And I -- I want to ask, Senator Obama, if you will cosponsor my legislation to try to rein in President Bush so that he doesn't commit this country to his policy in Iraq, which both of us are committed to end.

WINNER Well, I think, you know, we -- we can work on this, Hillary, because I -- I don't think -- (laughter) -- you know, the -- we got unity in the Democratic Party, I hope, on this.

The notion that President Bush could somehow tie the hands of the next president I think is contrary to how our democracy's supposed to work, and the voices of the American people who spoke out in 2006 and I expect will speak out again in 2008.

I have opposed this war consistently. I have put forward a plan that will get our troops out by the end of 2009. And we already saw today reports that the Iraqi minister suggests that we're going to be in there at least until 2018. 2018, 10 years -- a decade-long commitment. Currently, we are spending nine (billion dollars) to $10 billion a month. And the notion is that we are going to sustain that at the same time as we're neglecting what we see happening in Afghanistan right now, where you have a luxury hotel in Kabul that was blown up by militants and the situation continues to worsen.

My first job as president of the United States is going to be to call in the Joint Chiefs of Staff and say, "You've got a new mission," and that is to responsibly, carefully, but deliberately start to phase out our involvement there and to make sure that we are putting the onus on the Iraqi government to come together and do what they need to do to arrive at peace.

MODERATOR If I could just interrupt, here, before I give you your question -- would the other two of you join in the 2009 pledge that Senator Obama has made, concerning the withdrawal of American troops?

LOSER Oh, yes, I'm on record as saying exactly that, as soon as I become president, we will start withdrawing within 60 days. We will move as carefully and responsibly as we can, one to two brigades a month, I believe, and we'll have nearly all the troops out by the end of the year, I hope.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER I think I've actually, among the three of us, been the most aggressive and said that I will have all combat troops out in the first year that I'm president of the United States. I will end combat missions. And while I'm president, there will be no permanent military bases in Iraq.

MODERATOR In September, we were in New Hampshire together, and I asked the three of you if you would pledge to have all troops out of Iraq by the end of your first term.

All three of you said, you will not take that pledge. I'm hearing something much different tonight.

WINNER No, no, no. There's nothing different, Tim.



I want to make sure...



WINNER No, no. I think this is important bbecause it was reported as if we were suggesting that we would continue the war until 2013. Your question was, could I guarantee all troops would be out of Iraq. I have been very specific in saying that we will not have permanent bases there. I will end the war as we understand it in combat missions.

But that we are going to have to protect our embassy. We're going to have to protect our civilians. We're engaged in humanitarian activity there. We are going to have to have some presence that allows us to strike if Al Qaida is creating bases inside of Iraq.

So I cannot guarantee that we're not going to have a strategic interest that I have to carry out as commander-in-chief to maintain some troop presence there, but it is not going to be engaged in a war and it will not be this sort of permanent bases and permanent military occupation that George Bush seems to be intent on.

LOSER It's not only George Bush.

LOSER I just want to add here...

MODERATOR But you both will have a presence?

LOSER Well, I think that what Barack is what John and I also meant at that same time, because, obviously, we have to be responsible, we have to protect our embassy, we do need to make sure that, you know, our strategic interests are taken care of.

But it's not only George Bush. The Republican candidates running for the presidency are saying things that are very much in line with president Bush.

You know, Senator McCain said the other day that we might have troops there for 100 years, Barack.

I mean, they have an entirely different view than we do about what we need to have happening as soon as we get a Democrat elected president.

MODERATOR Thirty seconds for Senator Edwards.

LOSER I just want to say, it is dishonest to suggest that you're not going to have troops there to protect the embassy. That's just not the truth.

It may be great political theater and political rhetoric, but it's not the truth.

LOSER There is, however, a difference between us on this issue. And I don't think it's subtle. The difference is, I will have all combat troops out in the first year that I'm president, and there will be no further combat missions, and there will be no permanent military bases.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER I just want to pick up on what John said, because we've had this discussion before. John, are you saying that you're -- I don't know if I'm using my question here, but...

MODERATOR I think you are.

WINNER Well, I've got to be careful, then.



Instead of phrasing it that way...



MODERATOR Oh, no, no, no, no.

WINNER Let me...

MODERATOR That sounded like the start of a question to me.



WINNER Look, I think it's important to understand that either you are willing to say that you may go after terrorist bases inside of Iraq if they should form, in which case there would potentially be a combat aspect to that, obviously, or you're not.

WINNER And, you know, if you're not, then that could present some problems in terms of the long-term safety and security of the United States of America. So I just wanted to make sure that we got that clarification.

LOSER Is that a question?

MODERATOR Yes, I think we've ruled it a question.

LOSER My answer to that is, as long as you keep combat troops in Iraq, you continue the occupation. If you keep military bases in Iraq, you're continuing the occupation. The occupation must end. As respects Al Qaida, public enemy number one, they're responsible for about 10 percent of the violence inside Iraq according to the reports.

I would keep a quick reaction force in Kuwait in case it became necessary, but that is different, Barack, than keeping troops stationed inside.

WINNER John...

LOSER Excuse -- let me finish, please.

WINNER I'm sorry.

LOSER That is different than keeping troops stationed inside Iraq, because keeping troops stationed inside Iraq -- combat troops -- and continuing combat missions, whether it's against Al Qaida or anyone else, at least from my perspective, is a continuation of the occupation. And I think a continuation of the occupation continues the problem, not just in reality, but in perception that America's occupying the country.

WINNER Let me suggest, I think there's a distinction without a difference here. If it is appropriate for us to keep that strike force outside of Iraq, then that obviously would be preferable.

The point is, at some point you might have that capacity, and that's the -- that's the clarification I want to make sure...

MODERATOR Having come close to settling that, we're going to take another one of our breaks.

When we come back, we'll get to some more domestic issues, when we continue live from Las Vegas.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back, live, in Las Vegas. We promised going into the break that we would return with a discussion on domestic issues.

MODERATOR This is of a type -- and just before the break, we got onto things military. We're going to start this off with a continuation of the questioning by Tim Russert.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I'll start with you. The volunteer Army, many believe, disproportionate in terms of poor and minority who participate in our armed forces.

There's a federal statute on the books which says that, if a college or university does not provide space for military recruiters or provide a ROTC program for its students, it can lose its federal funding.

Will you vigorously enforce that statute?

LOSER Yes, I will. You know, I think that the young men and women who voluntarily join our all-volunteer military are among the best of our country.

I want to do everything I can, as president, to make sure that they get the resources and the help that they deserve. I want a new, 21st-century G.I. Bill of Rights so that our young veterans can get the money to get to college and to buy a home and start a business.

And I've worked very hard, on the Senate Armed Services Committee, to, you know, try to make up for some of the negligence that we've seen from the Bush administration.

You know, Tim, the Bush administration sends mixed messages. They want to recruit and retain these young people to serve our country and then they have the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again.

LOSER So I think we should recognize that national service of all kinds is honorable and its essential to the future of our country. I want to expand civilian national service.

But I think that everyone should make available an opportunity for a young man or woman to be in ROTC, to be able to join the military and I'm going to do everything I can to support the men and women in the military and their families.

MODERATOR Of the top 10 rated schools, Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Stanford, they do not have ROTC programs on campus.

Should they?

LOSER Well, there are ways they can work out fulfilling that obligation. But they should certainly not do anything that either undermines or disrespects the young men and women who wish to pursue a military career.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, same question.

Will you vigorously enforce a statute which says colleges must allow military recruiters on campus and provide ROTC programs?

WINNER Yes. One of the striking things, as you travel around the country, you go into rural communities and you see how disproportionally they are carrying the load in this war in Iraq, as well as Afghanistan.

WINNER And it is not fair. Now, the volunteer Army, I think, is a way for us to maintain excellence. And if we are deploying our military wisely, then a voluntary army is sufficient, although I would call for an increase in our force structure, particularly around the Army and the Marines, because I think that we've got to put an end to people going on three, four, five tours of duty and the strain on families is enormous. I meet them every day.

But I think that the obligation to serve exists for everybody, and that's why I've put forward a national service program that is tied to my tuition credit for students who want to go to college. You get $4000 every year to help you go to college.

In return, you have to engage in some form of national service. Military service has to be an option.

WINNER We have to have civilian options as well. Not just the Peace Corps, but one of the things that we need desperately are people who are in our foreign service who are speaking foreign languages can be more effective in a lot of the work that's going to be require that may not be hand-to-hand combat but is going to be just as critical in ensuring our long-term safety and security.

MODERATOR This statute's been on the books for some time, Senator. Will you vigorously enforce the statute to cut off federal funding to the school that does not provide military recruiters and a ROTC program?

LOSER Yes, I will. But I have to say, it's not enough to talk about the extraordinary service of men and women who are wearing the uniform and have worn the uniform of the United States of America. Tonight across this country, 200,000 men and women who wore our uniform and served this country patriotically, veterans, will go to sleep under bridges and on grates. We have men and women coming back from Iraq with PTSD, post-traumatic stress disorder, other kind of emotional problems; many with serious physical injuries.

LOSER We have families who are here at home, while they serve in Iraq, who are having a terrible time paying for child care, paying the bills. We have reservists and members of the Guard who go to serve and get paid 50 cents, 60 cents on the dollar for what they were making in their civilian jobs.

What are we going to do about this? Every man and woman who comes back from Iraq or Afghanistan deserves to have a thorough comprehensive evaluation of their medical needs, including mental health needs and physical health needs. Every one of them ought to get job training if they need it, and additional education if they need it.

We, America, you know, we should help them find a job. They didn't leave us on our own, we shouldn't leave them on their own. And we need to narrow this gap between civilian pay and military pay, and help these families with their child care.

And then finally, for all the veterans who have served this country, we need a guaranteed stream of funding for the Veterans Administration so we don't have veterans waiting six months or a year to get the health care that they deserve.

MODERATOR Let's go...

LOSER This is...

WINNER There just one thing that I wanted to...

MODERATOR Go ahead, Senator Obama.

Thirty seconds each, Senator Obama and Clinton.

WINNER Very briefly, because I think this shows you how this administration has failed when it comes to our veterans.

I went to Walter Reed to talk to the wounded warriors who had come back to discover that they were still paying for their meals and their phone calls while in Walter Reed, while rehabbing, which I could not believe. And I was able to gain the cooperation of a Republican- controlled Senate at the time and pass a bill that would eliminate that.

But that indicates the callousness with which we are often treating our veterans. That has to stop.

MODERATOR Well, I think that we have to do everything necessary to help these returning veterans get the health care and the support that they need.

And this new signature wound called traumatic brain injury is something that I am really upset about, because we've only begun to recognize it and diagnose it.

LOSER And, John, I was able to pass legislation to begin to provide the physical and mental evaluations so that we could begin to treat this.

And, you know, we have 1,200 people in Nevada who sign up to join the military every year. They're now going to be getting these exams because we've got to track what happens to young men and women when they go into the military, then provide the services for them.

MODERATOR We have to, at this point, turn a bit more local.

And let's talk for a moment about Yucca Mountain.

As sure as there's somebody at a roulette table not far from here convinced that they're one bet away from winning it all back, every person who comes here running for president promises to end the notion of storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain.

And the people of Nevada have found it's easier to promise to end it than it is to end it.

Anyone willing to pledge here tonight, beginning with you Senator Obama, to kill the notion of Yucca Mountain?

WINNER I will end the notion of Yucca Mountain because it has not been based on the sort of sound science that can assure the people in Nevada that they're going to be safe. And that, I think, was a mistake.

Now, you hate to see billions of dollars having already been spent on a mistake, but what I don't want to do is spend additional billions of dollars and potentially create a situation that is not safe for the people of Nevada. So I've already -- I've been clear from the start that Yucca, I think, was a misconceived project. We are going to have to figure out how are we storing nuclear waste.

And what I want to do is to get the best experts around the table and make a determination What are our options based on the best science available? And I think there's a solution that can be had that's good for the country but also good for the people of Nevada.

MODERATOR Thirty seconds each, Senators Clinton and Edwards.

LOSER Well, I voted against Yucca Mountain in 2001. I have been consistently against Yucca Mountain. I held a hearing in the Environment Committee, the first that we've had in some time, looking at all the reasons why Yucca Mountain is not workable. The science does not support it. We do have to figure out what to do with nuclear waste.

You know, Barack has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation (NYSEEXC) , which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository. John was in favor of it twice when he voted to override President Clinton's veto and then voted for it again.

I have consistently and persistently been against Yucca Mountain, and I will make sure it does not come into effect when I'm president.

MODERATOR Your rebuttal to the...

WINNER Well, I think it's a testimony to my commitment and opposition to Yucca Mountain that despite the fact that my state has more nuclear power plants than any other state in the country, I've never supported Yucca Mountain. So I just want to make that clear.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, I'm opposed to Yucca Mountain. I will end it for all the reasons that have already been discussed, because of the science that's been discovered, because apparently some forgery of documents that's also been discovered -- all of which has happened in recent years.

LOSER But I want to go to one other subject on which the three of us differ. And that is the issue of nuclear power.

I've heard Senator Obama say he's open to the possibility of additional nuclear power plants. Senator Clinton said at a debate earlier, standing beside me, that she was agnostic on the subject.

I am not for it or agnostic. I am against building more nuclear power plants, because I do not think we have a safe way to dispose of the waste. I think they're dangerous, they're great terrorist targets and they're extraordinarily expensive.

They are not, in my judgment, the way to green this -- to get us off our dependence on oil.

MODERATOR Tim Russert?

LOSER Well, John, you did vote for Yucca Mountain twice, and you didn't respond to that part of the question.

LOSER I did respond to it. I said the science that has been revealed since that time and the forged documents that have been revealed since that time have made it very -- this has been for years, Hillary. This didn't start last year or three years ago. I've said this for years now -- have revealed that this thing does not make sense, is not good for the people of Nevada, and it's not good for America.

Which, by the way, is also why I am opposed to building more nuclear power plants.

MODERATOR I want to pick up on that.

Senator Obama, a difference in this campaign You voted for the energy bill in July of 2005; Senator Clinton voted against it.

That energy bill was described by numerous publications, quote, "The big winner nuclear power." The secretary of energy said this would begin a nuclear renaissance.

We haven't built a nuclear power plant in this country for 30 years. There are now 17 companies that are planning to build 29 plants based on many of the protections that were provided in that bill, and incentives for licensee construction operating cost.

Did you realize, when you were voting for that energy bill, that it was going to create such a renaissance of nuclear power?

WINNER Well, the reason I voted for it was because it was the single largest investment in clean energy (NASDAQCLNE) -- solar, wind, biodiesel -- that we had ever seen. And I think it is -- we talked about this earlier -- if we are going to deal with our dependence on foreign oil, then we're going to have to ramp up how we're producing energy here in the United States.

Now, with respect to nuclear energy, what I have said is that if we could figure out a way to provide a cost-efficient, safe way to produce nuclear energy, and we knew how to store it effectively, then we should pursue it because what we don't want is to produce more greenhouse gases. And I believe that climate change is one of the top priorities that the next president has to pursue.

Now, if we cannot solve those problem, then absolutely, John, we shouldn't build more plants. But part of what I want to do is to create a menu of energy options, and let's see where the science and the technology and the entrepreneurship of the American people take us.

WINNER That's why I want to set up a cap and trade system. We're going to cap greenhouse gases. We're going to say to every polluter that's sending greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, "We're going to charge you a dollar -- we're going to charge you money for every unit of greenhouse gas that you send out there." That will create a market. It will generate billions of dollars that we can invest in clean technology.

And if nuclear energy can't meet the rigors of the marketplace -- if it's not efficient and if we don't solve those problems -- then that's off the table. And I hope that we can find an energy mix that's going to deliver us from the kinds of problems that we have right now.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, Tim, I think it's well accepted that the 2005 energy bill was the Dick Cheney lobbyist energy bill. It was written by lobbyists. It was championed by Dick Cheney. It wasn't just the green light that it gave to more nuclear power. It had enormous giveaways to the oil and gas industries.

LOSER It was the wrong policy for America. It was so heavily tilted toward the special interests that many of us, at the time, said, you know, that's not going to move us on the path we need, which is toward clean, renewable green energy.

I think that we have to, you know, break the lock of the special interests. That's why I've proposed a strategic energy fund (TSXSEF.UN) (TSXSEF'R) , $50 billion to invest in clean, renewable energy.

How would I do that? Take the tax subsidies that were given in the 2005 that Dick Cheney wrote; take them away from the gas and oil industry. They don't need our tax dollars to make these enormous profits.

Let's put to work the money that we should get from the oil and gas industry, in terms of windfall profits taxes, so that we can begin to really put big dollars behind this shift toward clean, renewable, green energy.

It's not going to happen by hoping for it. And these small, you know, pieces of puzzle that are starting to take shape around the country are not sufficient for us to break our addiction to foreign oil.

LOSER So that 2005 energy bill was big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it. That's why I'm standing for the proposition -- let's take away the giveaways that were given to gas and oil, put them to work on solar and wind and geothermal and biofuels and all the rest that we need for a new energy future.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you say you're against nuclear power.

But a reality check I talked to the folks at the MIT Energy Initiative, and they put it this way, that in 2050, the world's population is going to go from six billion to nine billion, that CO2 is going to double, that you could build a nuclear power plant one per week and it wouldn't meet the world's needs.

Something must be done, and it cannot be done just with wind or solar.

LOSER Well, yes, there are a lot of things that need to be done.

LOSER If you were to double the number of nuclear power plants on the planet tomorrow -- if that were possible -- it would deal with about one-seventh of the greenhouse gas problem. This is not the answer.

It goes beyond wind and solar. We ought to be investing in cellulose-based biofuels. There are a whole range of things that we ought to be investing in and focusing on.

I want to come back to something Senator Clinton said a minute ago. I agree with her and Senator Obama that it's very important to break this iron grip that the gas and oil industry has on our energy policy in this country.

But I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people than any candidate, Democrat or Republican. I think we have to be able to take those people on if we're going to actually change our policy.

Now, what we need in my judgment is we need a cap on carbon emissions. That cap needs to come down every year. We need an 80 percent reduction in our carbon emissions by the year 2050. Below the cap, we ought to make the polluters pay.

LOSER That money ought to be invested in all these clean renewable sources of energy wind, solar, cellulose-based biofuels. As I said earlier, I'm opposed to building more nuclear power plants.

But I'd go another step that at least I haven't heard these two candidates talk about. They can answer for themselves. I believe we need a moratorium on the building of any more coal-fired power plants unless and until we have the ability to capture and sequester the carbon in the ground.

Because every time we build a new coal-fired power plant in America when we don't have that technology attached to it, what happens is, we're making a terrible situation worse. We're already the worst polluter on the planet. America needs to be leading by example.

MODERATOR Rebuttal time to both senators, 30 seconds, please. Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I have a comprehensive energy plan that I have put forth. It does not rely on nuclear power for all of the reasons that we've discussed. I have said we should not be siting any more coal-powered plants unless they can have the most modern, clean technology. And I want big demonstration projects to figure out how we would capture and sequester carbon.

But you know, this is going to take a massive effort. This should be our Apollo moon shot.

LOSER This is where a president needs to come in and say, "We can do this, America. You know, we can make this change." We've got to do it by having a partnership with what needs to happen in Washington, but there's work for everybody to do -- the states, communities and individuals.

That's what I want to summon the country to achieve, and I think we can make it.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I think that one thing that we haven't talked as much about that we need to is reducing the consumption of energy. We are inefficient, and oftentimes during the presidential campaign, people have asked, what do we expect out of the American people in bringing about real change.

This is an example of where ordinary citizens have to make a change. We are going to have to make our buildings more efficient. We're going to have to make our lighting more efficient. We're going to have to make our appliances more efficient. That is actually the low-hanging fruit if we're going to deal with climate change. That's the thing that we can do most rapidly.

And there's no reason why, with the kind of presidential leadership that I intend to provide, that we can't make drastic cuts in the amount of energy that we consume without any drop in our standard of living.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, in touching on immigration here, let's go to something that a lot of people have found to be a disconnect between the Democratic Party and majorities of voters in a lot of states.

What would be the problem with English as an official language, as a bedrock requirement of citizenship?

LOSER Well, at least from my perspective, what we need to be doing is we need comprehensive immigration reform. We need to create a path for citizenship for 11 million to 14 million who are here who are undocumented We need to give them a real chance to earn -- I'm not for amnesty, but I am for being able to earn American citizenship.

MODERATOR But what about speaking the language?

LOSER I'm about to get to that.

I think that a couple of the requirements, in order to be able to earn American citizenship, are, first, if you came here illegally, we can't pretend it didn't happen. We are a country of laws and we believe in enforcement of those laws. So we have to show recognition of having violated the law, and that means payment of a fine.

LOSER Second, I think if you want to become an American citizen and earn American citizenship, you should learn to speak English.

Now, I think that we should help with that process. We should help make sure that those who are living here, and they're not English-speaking as their first language, get a chance to actually learn English.

But I think that should be a requirement for becoming an American citizen.

MODERATOR Tim Russert?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, one of your pollsters was quoted in The New Yorker magazine as saying this "The Hispanic voter has not shown a lot of willingness or affinity to support black candidates."

Does that represent the view of your campaign?

LOSER No, he was making a historical statement. And, obviously, what we're trying to do is to bring America together so that everybody feels like they're involved and they have a stake in the future.

This is a black/brown debate. We haven't actually talked about black/brown issues -- I regret that. And I think that we have a lot that we can do together.

You know, Tavis Smiley's "Covenant" is a great way to start.

LOSER There's a lot that we should be doing. I've worked with many of the Latino groups, over many years. We've got work on education and health care.

The agenda for America is the agenda for African-Americans and for Hispanics. And we need to merge that and we need to have a political system where people feel like they can vote for anybody because we're all on the same page; we're all going to make progress together.

But I wanted to follow up, quickly, on something that...

MODERATOR Let me ask Senator Obama. Do you believe there's a history of a decision, where Latino voters will not vote for a black candidate?

WINNER Not in Illinois. They all voted for me. And so...





You know, if this is being asked in the context of my candidacy, one of the things that I know is that, when Latino voters know of my commitment to them and the work that I've done for years, then they gravitate toward my candidacy.

We were talking earlier about immigration reform.

WINNER I think that John and myself and Hillary may agree on the broad outlines of where we need to go, but two years ago I stood with Ted Kennedy and John McCain and took on this tough issue, and have consistently been involved in making sure that we've got the kind of comprehensive plan that makes us a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.

That's the kind of leadership that I've shown. And when Latino voters read or hear about that leadership, then they know that they're going to have an advocate even if it's politically tough.

And I think that's, you know, that's the real test of leadership -- not when it's easy, not when the things poll well, but how you do when you've got a contentious issue like how we solve this immigration problem. That's an area where I've consistently stepped up.

MODERATOR Time is up. E-mail question, Natalie Morales.

MORALES This one is to Senator Obama. This comes to us from one of our co-sponsors of tonight's debate, the 100 Black Men of America.

MORALES They ask, "To what do you attribute the disproportionately high dropout of black males at every level in our educational process, and what would you do to stem the tide of black men exiting the educational system?"

WINNER Well, I think it's similar to the reason that Latinos have such a high dropout rate. What you see consistently are children at a very early age are starting school already behind.

And that's why I've said that I'm going to put billions of dollars into early childhood education that makes sure that our African-American youth, Latino youth, poor youth of every race, are getting the kind of help that they need so that they know their numbers, their colors, their letters.

Every dollar that we spend in early childhood education, we get $10 back in reduced dropout rates, improved reading scores. That's the kind of commitment we have to make early on.

WINNER We've got to improve K through 12. And that means not just talking about how great teachers are but rewarding them for their greatness by giving them higher salaries and giving them more support and professional development; and making sure that No Child Left Behind is not a tool to punish people, and we're not just basing how we fund our schools on a standardized test.

We need after-school programs and summer-school programs because minority youth and poor youth are less likely to get the kind of environment and supplemental activities that they need.

But let's be clear We have good answers for how to make these schools work. What we don't have is a sense of urgency in the White House.

And, you know, I was raised by a single mom and my grandparents. I did not get money and privilege when I was young. But I did get a good education. And we've got to have that attitude for every single child in America.

And that also means -- last point I'll make, because sometimes this doesn't get talked enough about. We have to have our parents take their jobs seriously, and particularly African-American fathers who all too often are absent from the home, have not encouraged the kind of, you know, nurturing of our children that they need.

WINNER And as somebody who grew up without a father, I know how important that is. That is something that, as president, I intend to talk about.

The schools can't do it all by themselves. Parents have to parent.

MODERATOR Time up.

Time Tim Russert?

MODERATOR We arrived in...

LOSER Could we just follow up on this? Tim, could we just follow up on this?

Because, you know, again, this is a black/brown debate, and this is one of the most important issues. And I really commend Barack for, you know, taking on the full range.

You know, this has to start in the families. This is what I've done for 35 years. We've got to do more to give families the tools and the support that they should have so that they can be the best parents. You know, they are a child's first teachers.

And I want to commend the 100 Black Men, because I worked with the 100 Black Men in New York to help create the Eagle Academy, a high school for young African-American and Latino men.

LOSER And the 100 Black Men in New York said they would mentor these young men.

We also need more involvement from the community. It's not only the family; it's not only the school system. We all have a role to play. And that's going to be one of our highest priorities.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, 30 seconds.

LOSER Thank you.

We need universal pre-K. Barack spoke about early childhood education. We need universal pre-K for every 4-year-old in America. And we ought to go earlier than that with child care, nutrition needs, health care needs.

We also have a huge dropout rate. We have high schools that are essentially dropout factories. We have to create second chance schools. We have to create opportunities of those young people to be -- even though a lot of them do, he's right, start to drop out from a very young age, we need to get them on the right track. But once they're in high school, if they drop out, these second chance schools have been remarkably successful in getting them back into school.

MODERATOR Now, Tim Russert?

MODERATOR We arrived in Nevada, the headline in Nevada Appeal newspaper Nevada leads in gun deaths.

MODERATOR The leading cause for death among young black men is guns -- death, homicide. Mayor Bloomberg of New York, you all know him, he and 250 mayors have started the campaign, Mayors Against Illegal Guns.

Senator Clinton, when you ran for the Senate in 2000, you said that everyone who wishes to purchase a gun should have a license, and that every handgun sale or transfer should be registered in a national registry. Will you try to implement such a plan?

LOSER Well, I am against illegal guns, and illegal guns are the cause of so much death and injury in our country. I also am a political realist and I understand that the political winds are very powerful against doing enough to try to get guns off the street, get them out of the hands of young people.

The law in New York was as you state, and the law in New York has worked to a great extent.

LOSER I don't want the federal government preempting states and cities like New York that have very specific problems.

So here's what I would do. We need to have a registry that really works with good information about people who are felons, people who have been committed to mental institutions like the man in Virginia Tech who caused so much death and havoc. We need to make sure that that information is in a timely manner, both collected and presented.

We do need to crack down on illegal gun dealers. This is something that I would like to see more of.

And we need to enforce the laws that we have on the books. I would also work to reinstate the assault weapons ban. We now have, once again, police deaths going up around the country, and in large measure because bad guys now have assault weapons again. We stopped it for awhile. Now they're back on the streets.

So there are steps we need to take that we should do together. You know, I believe in the Second Amendment. People have a right to bear arms. But I also believe that we can common-sensically approach this.

MODERATOR But you've backed off a national licensing registration plan?

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, when you were in the state senate, you talked about licensing and registering gun owners. Would you do that as president?

WINNER I don't think that we can get that done. But what I do think we can do is to provide just some common-sense enforcement. One good example -- this is consistently blocked -- the efforts by law enforcement to obtain the information required to trace back guns that have been used in crimes to unscrupulous gun dealers.

That's not something that the NRA has allowed to get through Congress. And, as president, I intend to make it happen.

But here's the broader context that I think is important for us to remember. We essentially have two realities, when it comes to guns, in this country. You've got the tradition of lawful gun ownership, that all of us saw, as we travel around rural parts of the country.

And it is very important for many Americans to be able to hunt, fish, take their kids out, teach them how to shoot.

And then you've got the reality of 34 Chicago public school students who get shot down on the streets of Chicago.

We can reconcile those two realities by making sure the Second Amendment is respected and that people are able to lawfully own guns, but that we also start cracking down on the kinds of abuses of firearms that we see on the streets.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, Democrats used to be out front for registration and licensing of guns. It now appears that there's a recognition that it's hard to win a national election with that position. Is that fair?

LOSER I think that's fair, but I haven't changed my position on this. I'm against it. Having grown up where I did in the rural South, everyone around me had guns, everyone hunted. And I think it is enormously important to protect people's Second Amendment rights.

I don't believe that means you need an AK-47 to hunt. And I think the assault weapons ban, which Hillary spoke about just a minute ago, as president of the United States I'll do everything in my power to reinstate it. But I do think we need a president who understands the sportsmen, hunters who use their guns for lawful purposes have a right to have their Second Amendment rights looked after.

MODERATOR Our third and final break is upon us. Our final segment of our live debate here in Las Vegas when we come back.



(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR We're back in Los Angeles for our final segment of our live debate coverage.



MODERATOR Did I...

MODERATOR Las Vegas.



MODERATOR All right. OK. Wow, it is a tough crowd. It is a tough crowd.



And I'm up $130 from last night, which is OK. I owe the city of Las Vegas my thanks.

We're back in Las Vegas tonight with our live debate coverage.

Thanks for saving me on that, Tim.



Question for Senator Clinton. In 2006, you railed against Karl Rove and the Republicans for playing what you called the fear card.

But on the eve of the New Hampshire primary, you said this "I don't think it was by accident that al Qaeda decided to test the new prime minister, Gordon Brown, immediately. They watch our elections as closely as we do, maybe more than some of our fellow citizens do. They play our, you know, allies. They do everything they can to undermine security in the world. So let's not forget you're hiring a president, not just to do what a candidate says he or she wants to do in an election. You're hiring a president to be there when the chips were down."

You were suggesting, it's been suggested that you would be a better president to deal with a possible terrorist attack than, perhaps, Senator Obama.

LOSER Well, what I said is what you quoted, and I'm not going to characterize it, but it is the fact. You know, the fact is that we face a very dangerous adversary, and to forget that or to brush it aside, I think, is a mistake.

So I do feel that the next president has to be prepared because we are up against a relentless enemy. And they will take advantage of us. They will certainly, as they have over the last several years, continue their attacks against our friends and allies around the world.

You know, we haven't talked as much about homeland security as I think is necessary in this campaign. Maybe I feel it acutely because I do represent New York.

LOSER But the highest and greatest duty of the president of the United States is to protect and defend our country. And at the end of the day, voters have to make that decision, among all of us, Democrats and Republicans, who are vying for the votes.

Because it is a critical question. It always is. There are, you know, reasons going back in our history why that is so.

But in this time, in this period, where we're going to have to repair a lot of the frayed relationships coming out of the Bush administration, where we're going to have to summon the world to a concerted effort to quell the threat of terrorism, to root them out wherever they are, it's going to be one of the biggest jobs facing our next president.

And I feel prepared and ready to take on what is a daunting but necessary responsibility.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, if you look just outside where we are tonight, they're building 40,000 new hotel rooms in this city. National security is never far from their minds in Las Vegas, either.

You are fond of saying you won't use 9/11 as a kind of hook.

MODERATOR Do you think some of that goes on in both parties?

WINNER Well, I think there's no doubt that we've been dominated by a politics of fear since 9/11. Now, some of that's understandable. We have real enemies out there. The tragedy in New York was a trauma to the country that it is going to take a long time for us to work out.

And Senator Clinton did good work in terms of helping the city recover. But I have to say that when Senator Clinton uses the specter of a terrorist attack with a new prime minister during a campaign, I think that is part and parcel with what we've seen the use of the fear of terrorism in scoring political points. And I think that's a mistake. Now, I don't want to perpetuate that.

WINNER I think that's part of why we ended up going into Iraq and made a big strategic error that has made us less safe. Resources that could have been spent on homeland security have been spent in Baghdad. Resources that could have been spent hunting down bin Laden have been diverted to Iraq.

And that's what happens when your judgment is clouded. And what I intend to do as president of the United States is to be honest and straightforward with the American people about how I'm going to implement all the 9/11 Commission report findings, make sure that we are hunting down bin Laden, getting out of Iraq so that we can refocus our attention on building the networks and alliances that are required to reduce terrorism around the world.

That's going to be my priority, and that's part of the reason I'm running for president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I just want to make sure, you're not suggesting that Al Qaida would test a President Obama before they'd test a President Clinton?

LOSER No, of course not, Tim. But it is a fact that immediately upon taking office the new prime minister in Great Britain, Gordon Brown, confronted, thankfully, two failed attacks by Al Qaida -- people who had gone and been trained in the training camps in Pakistan, who got their directions from Al Qaida operatives, who launched two massive bomb efforts in London and in Glasgow.

LOSER They didn't know how to ignite the bombs they had set, but the rammer their cars into the airport in Glasgow.

Part of the reason why it matter who's president, in terms of operating the government and the bureaucracy, is because we have a very constant need for vigilance and preparedness.

There is no time off for the president on issues of security here at home, or around the world.

And I think that there's a difference between what President Bush had done, which has, frankly, used fear as a political weapon and a recognition, in a very calm and deliberative way, that, yes, we have real enemies and we'd better be prepared and we'd better be ready to meet them on day one.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, on the conduct of foreign policy, after Benazir Bhutto was assassinated, you made a phone call to General Musharraf in Pakistan. He called you back quickly.

Close to half the people in Pakistan believe the government of Musharraf or allies were involved in the assassination of Miss Bhutto.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Was it appropriate for you to talk to Musharraf at that time, perhaps give him cover at a time when he needed legitimacy?

LOSER It was absolutely appropriate, and I didn't actually speak -- place a call to President Musharraf. I placed a call to the Pakistani ambassador in the United States and told him that I knew Musharraf, we had met in Islamabad years ago and talked about some of the problems in Pakistan at that time and that I had some things I wanted to say to him.

Now, the things I had to say to him were tough. And they were exactly the things that the president of the Untied States should say to a President Musharraf under these circumstances.

First, I said to him, you have to continue on the march to democratization in South Pakistan. Benazir Bhutto, who I was with in Abu Dhabi in the Middle East just a few years ago, I heard her talk about the path to democratization being baptized in blood in Pakistan. She put her life at risk for that path to democratization.

What I said to Musharraf is You have to stay on that path. Now, he said he would. That needs to be taken with great cynicism and a huge grain of salt, given his history.

Second, I said you must allow international investigators in to determine what happened, because no one is going to trust some internal investigation that you conduct. Actually, they have now allowed Scotland Yard investigators into Pakistan to at least conduct some investigation.

And then, third, I said these elections that are scheduled have to take place as soon as possible, but they need to be real. They have to be open, fair. The opposition parties need to be represented. They have to be secure.

And those are the points I wanted to make to him. And those are exactly the points I would make to him as president of the United States.

MODERATOR We promised this audience we would read a particularly thoughtful e-mail. And we're going off the air in a matter of minutes, so we're going to truly enforce the time limits.

Thirty seconds from all of you to answer the following from Jim Milton of California "Given the decision to run for president in the first place has to be and should be one of the most important and memorable decision-making moments any American can make, tell us when you made that decision." Senator Clinton?

LOSER I made it over New Year's this past year. And I made it because I believe our country has to have a new beginning. Tomorrow in Reno, I'll be having an economic town hall, the first of a series of town halls to address, specifically, the economic anxieties, insecurities and problems that Americans have, to come up with solutions.

You know, we've got to get back in the solutions business in America. I want to be the problem-solver who lifts our sights and sets our goals.

And a year ago, I made the decision that I would get into this presidential race. And it's been the most amazing and extraordinary year of my life. And I thank everyone for making that happen.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER It was December, a little over a year ago; made the decision with my family. And the discussion was, what is the cause of our lives -- with my wife, Elizabeth -- and what is it we want to spend our time doing, to serve this country we love so much?

And the cause of my life is the middle class, low-income families, and having everybody in America have the kind of chances and opportunity that I've had.

And that is what my campaign is about. It is central to everything I do. And it is personal to what I'll do as president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER It was December of '06 while I was on vacation with my wife and kids.

And, you know, I asked myself two big questions Number one, could my family survive the rigors of a presidential campaign, since I've got two young children?

And because my wife is extraordinary and my children are above average, I figured they could manage it.



But the most important question was not at whether I could win the presidency, but whether I should.

Was there something that I could provide this country, in terms of leadership, that would be -- that I could do more effectively than any other candidate?

And I concluded I could bring the country together, break out of some the old arguments, make sure that we are speaking honestly with the American people, bringing them in to the process of change.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

And, at this point, that concludes tonight's debate.


MODERATOR, ABC We are back at the Dana Humanities Center at Saint Anselm College here in Manchester, New Hampshire.

And I am delighted to say that the four leading Democratic presidential candidates vying for the Democratic nomination are all joining us this evening. And we have, again, drawn lots for their placement on the stage.

And so let me introduce them from left to right. We have with us former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico and Senator Hillary Clinton from New York.

And again, for the first 45 minutes of this debate, I will be posing questions in three rather broad categories. We'll do 15 minutes each, but with the hope that I can sort of stay out of the way to the extent possible and let the candidates discuss the issues among themselves.

There are no lights to limit -- time limits, at least for this part of the debate. But I will interrupt politely, I hope, if things seem to be going a little bit long.

So let me start with what is generally agreed to be, I think, the greatest threat to the United States today, and, somewhat to my surprise, has not been discussed as much in the presidential debates this year as I thought would be, and that is nuclear terrorism.

And for some background, here's ABC's Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross.

BRIAN ROSS, ABC CHIEF INVESTIGATIVE CORRESPONDENT After more than six years of trying, the United States still does not have a reliable way to spot nuclear material that terrorists might smuggle into the country, much as ABC News twice did in demonstrations without being caught.

And after six years of trying, the United States has yet to capture the man who says it is his religious duty to get nuclear weapons Osama bin Laden.

And in the last 18 months, U.S. officials say his Al Qaida has regrouped using safe havens along the Pakistani border to train and dispatch hundreds of new recruits.

ROSS And just as troubling, amidst all the turmoil in Pakistan, the influence of bin Laden continues to grow there, a country with many nuclear weapons.

Charlie?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Brian Ross there.

Well, Osama bin Laden, as he pointed out, has said it is his duty to try to get nuclear weapons. Al Qaida has been reconstituted and re-energized in the western part of Pakistan.

And so my general question is, how aggressively would you go after Al Qaida leadership there?

And let me start with you, Senator Obama, because it was you who said in your foreign policy speech that you would go into western Pakistan if you had actionable intelligence to go after it, whether or not the Pakistani government agreed. Do you stand by that?

WINNER I absolutely do stand by it, Charlie. What I said was that we should do everything in our power to push and cooperate with the Pakistani government in taking on Al Qaida, which is now based in northwest Pakistan. And what we know from our national intelligence estimates is that Al Qaida is stronger now than at any time since 2001.

And so, back in August, I said we should work with the Pakistani government, first of all to encourage democracy in Pakistan so you've got a legitimate government that we're working with, and secondly that we have to press them to do more to take on Al Qaida in their territory.

What I said was, if they could not or would not do so, and we had actionable intelligence, then I would strike.

And I should add that Lee Hamilton and Tom Keaton, the heads of the 9/11 Commission, a few months later wrote an editorial saying the exact same thing.

I think it's indisputable that that should be our course.

Let me just add one thing, though. On the broader issue of nuclear proliferation, this is something that I've worked on since I've been in the Senate. I worked with Richard Lugar, then the Republican head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, to pass the next stage of what was Nunn-Lugar so that we would have improved interdiction of potentially nuclear materials.

And it is important for us to rebuild a nuclear nonproliferation strategy, something that this administration, frankly, has ignored, and has made us less safe as a consequence.

It would not cost us that much, for example, and would take about four years for us to lock down the loose nuclear weapons that are still floating out there, and we have not done the job.

MODERATOR I'm going to go the others in a moment, but what you just outlined is essentially the Bush doctrine. We can attack if we want to, no matter the sovereignty of the Pakistanis.

WINNER No, that is not the same thing, because here we have a situation where Al Qaida, a sworn enemy of the United States, that killed 3,000 Americans and is currently plotting to do the same, is in the territory of Pakistan. We know that.

And this is not speculation. This is not a situation where we anticipate a possible threat in the future.

And my job as commander in chief will be to make sure that we strike anybody who would do America harm when we have actionable intelligence do to that.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, do you agree with him?

LOSER If I as president of the United States know where Osama bin Laden is, I would go get him, period.

This man is the mastermind of a mass murder in the United States of America. He is public enemy number one, as Al Qaida is.

But I would add, this has to be put into a bigger context of what should America be doing over the long term to deal with this whole issue of nuclear proliferation? Because if you look at Pakistan, it's a perfect vehicle for actually thinking about this issue.

Here's an unstable leader, Musharraf, in a country with a serious radical -- violently radical element that could, under some circumstances, take over the government.

If they did, they would have control of a nuclear weapon. They could either use it, or they could turn it over to a terrorist organization to be used against America or some of our allies.

I think the bigger picture on this is, what do we do over the long term?

Because what we're doing now is essentially an ad hoc, nation-by- nation, case-by-case basis of trying to control the spread of this nuclear technology.

In the short term, that is exactly what we should do and what I would do as president of the United States. But A.Q. Khan, who developed the nuclear weapon for Pakistan, we know has already spread some of this technology to other places.

And I think this ad hoc policy does not work over the long term. And what I believe we should be doing over the long term and what I will do as president of the United States, besides dealing with these short-term threats -- which are very serious and should be taken seriously -- I, as president of the United States, want to do what some Republicans and some Democrats have said, which is to lead a long-term initiative -- international initiative -- to actually rid the world of nuclear weapons, because that is the only way to make the world safer and secure and to keep America safe.

MODERATOR Well, you led me right up to the point of what you'd do if the Islamic radicals actually took control of the Pakistani government and, therefore, were in control of nuclear weapons, and then you went away from that. But I'll come back to that in a moment.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER In any foreign policy decision, I would use diplomacy first, in response to your question.

And that basically means that the last thing we need in the Muslim world is another action like Iraq, which is going to inflame the Muslim world in a horrendous way.

Now, here's what I would do.

First, with Pakistan, here is an example of a country, a potentially failed nation-state with nuclear weapons. What a president must do is have a foreign policy of principles and realism.

And the Bush foreign policy, with Musharraf, we get the worst of all worlds. We had a situation where he has not gone after Al Qaida in his own country, despite the fact that we've given him $11 billion. And he's also severely damaged the constitution. He's basically said that he is the supreme dictator. So we have the worst of all worlds.

What I would specifically do as president is I would ask Musharraf to step aside. There is a provision in the Pakistani constitution...

MODERATOR Ask him to step aside?

LOSER Yes. For a caretaker...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Because we have the leverage to do that.

LOSER We have the leverage to do that.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER And I would send a high-level envoy to ask him to step aside.

There's a provision in the Pakistani constitution for a caretaker government of technocrats. This happened when a previous prime minister died. And I would make it unmistakably clear that he had to have elections.

Now, elections are scheduled tentatively for February. A broadly based government, it's what's best for the United States.

MODERATOR I understand your point about diplomacy, but Senator Obama's postulate was, we have actionable intelligence, the Musharraf government won't move. Do we, should we go into western Pakistan and, essentially, try to take him out?

LOSER If we have actionable intelligence that is real and if Musharraf is incapable, which he is -- because here's a man who has not stood up for his democracy, he is virtually in a situation where he's losing control -- then you do take that action.

However, Charlie, first you use diplomacy.

And diplomacy is to try to get what is best for the United States. And that is a democratic Pakistan with free and fair elections, and a concerted effort on the part of Musharraf or whoever is in the leadership in Pakistan to go after the terrorists in those safe havens which they have not done.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I think it's important to get back to your question, because obviously that's the most direct threat to the United States.

We did take action similar to what has been described about 10 years ago, based on what was thought to be actionable intelligence, sending in missiles to try to target bin Laden and his top leadership who were thought to be at a certain meeting place.

They were not taken out at the time.

So we have to be very conscious of all the consequences.

Now, as far as I know, there are, like, five things quickly that we should be looking at.

Bin Laden has in large measure regrouped because we did not put in the troops and make the commitment to aggressively going after him inside Afghanistan when we had a chance. Therefore, we need more NATO troops and a faster effort to train the Afghan army so that we do have the personnel and the technology, including the Predators, to be able to be on the spot at the time to try to move as quickly as possible.

Secondly, I think it's imperative that any actionable intelligence that would lead to a strike inside Pakistan's territory be given the most careful consideration.

LOSER And at some point -- probably when the missiles have been launched -- the Pakistani government has to know they're on the way. Because one of the problems is the inherent paranoia about India in the region in Pakistan, so that we've got to have a plan to try to make sure we don't ignite some kind of reaction before we even know whether the action we took with the missiles has worked.

Real quickly, thirdly, so far as we know right now, the nuclear technology is considered secure, but there isn't any guarantee, especially given the political turmoil going on inside Pakistan.

I would work very hard to try to get Musharraf, who is the elected president -- these elections are about parliamentary positions. If you remove Musharraf and have elections, that's going to be very difficult for the United States to be able to control what comes next.

I would try to get Musharraf to share the security responsibility of the nuclear weapons with a delegation from the United States and, perhaps, Great Britain, so that there is some fail- safe.

And just, finally, I think that what we have to do is, Musharraf and Afghanistan, is to repair the failed policies of the Bush administration. And that's going to require intensive effort in the region. And Bill is right that we should be engaged in that diplomacy right away.

But this is the forgotten front line in the war against terrorism, because the Bush administration has walked away.

LOSER Charlie, I want us to just remember history. I want us to remember history.

Years ago, we backed the shah of Iran, a dictator. We are paying for that policy today by having backed a tyrant who repressed his people -- unintended consequences.

A president has to act.

I believe that we have to be on the side of the Pakistani people, not on the side of the dictator.

And what we have today is an opportunity to get Musharraf to step aside, to move toward this caretaker government, but also -- also -- to use the leverage of the assistance we've given him.

Most of the assistance that we've given him -- $11 billion, he hasn't used to go after terrorists. He's put it in military assistance for his fight against India. The money has been stolen.

We get the worst of all worlds. If we stand on a foreign policy of principle, of human rights, along with protecting our security, that is the best direction for our foreign policy.

WINNER Let me just pick up on a couple of things that have been said. And I think people are in broad agreement here. But I think one of the things that's been left out is Iraq. And part of the reason that we neglected Afghanistan, part of the reason that we didn't go after bin Laden as aggressively as we should have is we were distracted by a war of choice.

And that's the flaw of the Bush doctrine. It wasn't that he went after those who attacked America. It was that he went after those who didn't.

And as a consequence, we have been bogged down, paid extraordinary -- an extraordinary price in blood and treasure, and we have fanned the anti-American sentiment that actually makes it more difficult for us to act in Pakistan.

Just one more point I want to make on this, Charlie. I think it is absolutely true that we have to, as much as possible, get Pakistan's agreement before we act. And that's always going to be the case.

MODERATOR I want to...

WINNER But we have to make sure that we do not hesitate to act when it comes to Al Qaida. Because they are currently stronger than they were at any time since 2001, partly because we took our eye off the ball.

MODERATOR I want to go to another question. And it really is the central one in my mind in nuclear terrorism. The next president of the United States may have to deal with a nuclear attack on an American city.

MODERATOR I've read a lot about this in recent days. The best nuclear experts in the world say there's a 30 percent chance in the next 10 years.

Some estimates are higher. Graham Allison (ph), at Harvard, says it's over 50 percent.

Senator Sam Nunn, in 2005, who knows a lot about this, posed two questions that stick in my mind. And I want to put them to you here.

On the day after a nuclear weapon goes off in an American city, what would we wish we had done to prevent it? And what will we actually do on the day after?

Senator?

LOSER Well...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Well, let me say first, this is the very point I was making a few minutes ago.

In the short term, we're faced with very, very serious threats about the possibility of these nuclear weapons getting in the hands of a terrorist group or somebody who wants to attack the United States of America.

The first thing is we have to immediately find out who's responsible and go after them. And that is the responsibility of the president of the United States.

Because if someone has attacked us with a nuclear weapon, it means they have nuclear technology, it means they could have gotten another nuclear weapon into the United States that we're unaware of. We have to find these people immediately and use every tool available to us to stop them.

Secondly, it is the responsibility of the United States -- and by the way, what I'm about to say doesn't just apply to a nuclear attack. It applies to this crisis that exists in Pakistan right now with the assassination of Benazir Bhutto.

It is the responsibility of the president in times like this to be a force for strength, principled strength, but also calmness.

It is enormously important for the president of the United States not to take -- to react and to react strongly, but to do it in a way that is calming for the American people and calming for the world.

Because it would be an enormous mistake for the president of the United States to take a terrible, dangerous situation where millions of Americans or thousands of Americans could have lost their lives, and to ratchet up the rhetoric and make it worse than it already is.

MODERATOR Let me come to the two Sam Nunn questions to you, Senator.

WINNER Well, as I said, I've already been working on this. And I think this is the most significant foreign policy issue that we confront.

We would obviously have to retaliate against anybody who struck American soil, whether it was nuclear or not. It would be a much more profound issue if it were nuclear weapons.

That's why it's so important for us to rebuild the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty that has fallen apart under this administration.

We have not made a commitment to work with the Russians to reduce our own nuclear stockpiles. That has weakened our capacity to pressure other countries to give up nuclear technology. We have not locked down the loose nuclear weapons that are out there right now.

These are all things that we should be taking leadership on. And part of what we need to do in changing our foreign policy is not just end the war in Iraq; we have to change the mindset that ignores long- term threats and engages in the sorts of actions that are not making us safe over the long term.

MODERATOR And I know, Senator Clinton, you've worked on this, as well.

LOSER Yes, I have.

MODERATOR But in terms of retaliation, this is not likely going to be a state that sets off a nuclear attack (inaudible), it's going to be a stateless group.

LOSER Well, the first part of your question was, what would we wish we had done. And I have worked on this in past legislation to move in the direction that I think we should go to have a very high level of commitment from the White House, including a person responsible in our government for marshaling our resources against the proliferation of nuclear weapons.

LOSER There has to be a better organizing effort to make sure that every part of the United States government is working together. I don't think we've done what we need to do on homeland defense. You started that segment talking about the ease with which ABC smuggled things into this country. We haven't done enough on port security. We have not made the kind of commitment that is necessary to protect us from this kind of importation.

But let me just add that when you look at where we are, the stateless terrorists will operate from somewhere. I mean, part of our message has to be there is no safe haven.

If we can demonstrate that the people responsible for planning the nuclear attack on our country may not themselves be in a government or associated with a state, but have a haven within one, then every state in the world must know we will retaliate against those states.

There cannot be safe havens for stateless terrorists who are in these networks that are plotting to have the proliferation of nuclear weapons and be smuggling into our country or elsewhere the kind of suitcase device that could cause such havoc.

So I think we have to be very, very clear. You know, deterrence worked during the Cold War in large measure because the United States made it clear to the Soviet Union that there would be massive retaliation.

We have to make it clear to those states that would give safe haven to stateless terrorists, that would launch a nuclear attack against America that they would also face a very heavy retaliation.

MODERATOR Final word, Governor?

LOSER Charlie, when I was secretary of energy, that was one of my responsibilities securing nuclear stockpiles, nuclear materials, mainly with the Soviet Union.

I went there many times. We made progress.

But since then, there has been a proliferation of loose nuclear weapons, mainly in the hands of terrorists, that could cross, presumably, a border; that could be smuggled in in a cargo ship with our very weak port security.

If I'm elected president, I will do two things. First, I will seek immediate negotiations with the Soviet Union and other nuclear states to reduce the number of nuclear weapons, but also a treaty on fissionable material, where you have verification, where you try to secure those loose nuclear weapons from states like North Korea and others that could be drifting into the international community.

But most importantly, I think we have to realize that the challenges America faces internationally, they're transnational. They're stateless.

It's international terrorism. It's nuclear terrorism. It's environmental degradation. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Making us less dependent on fossil fuels. Those are the transnational challenges that are going to require international cooperation.

And this president believes in unilateralism. This president believes in going military first. This president believes in preemption. You discussed this in the Republican debate. My foreign policy would be different.

MODERATOR I'm going to...

LOSER There would be realism,...

MODERATOR I'm going to move on.

LOSER ... human rights and principles.

MODERATOR I'm going to move on.

And I'm going to move on to domestic policy, how much the government is spending, how much you would spend with the programs you've proposed and the promises you've made.

MODERATOR And some of that is entitlements. For a little background, ABC's Betsy Stark.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

ABC BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT BETSY STARK Every hour of this new year, another 400 baby boomers will turn 60, swelling the ranks of those soon eligible to collect Social Security and Medicare. The forecasts are foreboding. By 2017, the Social Security surplus runs dry and the system begins taking in less tax revenue than it pays out in benefits.

For Medicare, the problems are even more severe. By 2013, the program's Hospital Insurance Fund is expected to fall into the red and the insurance premiums seniors pay for doctor's visits and prescription drugs are projected to keep rising.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

STARK Many young Americans simply assume there will be nothing left for them to guarantee the security of their old age.

Charlie?

MODERATOR So I hope we have time to get to some of that, but before we get to it, talking about domestic policy, I want to get to the concept of change, because 60 percent of the people going into the Democratic caucuses in Iowa said they were going to go there for change, and that seemed to redound to your benefit, Senator Obama.

MODERATOR And arriving here in New Hampshire, Senator Clinton, you called into question, really, what that means.

And you said, and I'm quoting you now, On a lot of issues, it's hard to know where he, referring to Senator Obama, stands. And people need to ask that. Everybody needs to be vetted.

So let me have a little dialogue between the two of you.

What does he need to be vetted on? And what questions are there about Senator Obama that are unanswered?

LOSER Well, let me say, first, that I think we're all advocating for change. We all want to change the status quo, which is George W. Bush and the Republican domination of Washington for so many years.

And we all are putting forth ideas about how best to deliver that change.

But I don't think you make change by, you know, calling for it or by demanding it; I think it is a result of very hard work, bringing people together, stating clearly what your goals are, what your principles are and then achieving them.

And I do think that, you know, part of what this primary process is all about, and New Hampshire voters are, you know, famously independent in making their judgments, is to look at our records, to evaluate where we stand and what we stand for.

And I think that there is a lot of, you know, room to ask all of us questions.

You know, Senator Obama has been -- as the Associated Press described it, he could have a pretty good debate with himself, because four years ago, he was for single-payer health care. Then he moved toward a rejection of that, a more incremental approach. Then he was for universal health care. Then he proposed a health care plan that doesn't cover everybody.

LOSER I think that's relevant. I mean, I think that what we're looking for is a president we can count on, that you know where that president is yesterday, today and tomorrow. And I think that, you know, there are questions that should be asked and answered from each of us. And I certainly have no problem with whatever scrutiny comes my way.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, you know, I think the Associated Press was quoting some of your folks, Hillary, so let's talk specifically about health care, since you mentioned that.

I have been entirely consistent in my position on health care. What I said -- and I have said on the campaign trail this time -- is if I were designing a system from scratch, I would set up a single- payer system, because we could gain enormous efficiencies from it.

WINNER Our medical care costs twice as much per capita as any other advanced nation.

But what I've also said is that, given that half of the people are getting, already, employer-based health care, that it would be impractical for us to do so, which is why I put forward a plan that says anybody can get health care that is the same as the health care that I have as a member of Congress -- similar to the plans that you and John have offered.

We do have a philosophical difference. John and yourself believe that, if we do not mandate care, if we don't force the government to get to -- if the government does not force taxpayers to buy health care, that we will penalize them in some fashion.

I disagree with that because, as I go around town hall meetings, I don't meet people who are trying to avoid getting health care.

The problem is, they can't afford it. And the costs are too high. And so, as a consequence, we focus on reducing costs.

Now, this is a legitimate argument for us to have, but it's not true that I leave them out.

Your premise is, they won't buy it even if it's affordable. I disagree with that.

Now, let me just make one last point, because you say that somehow I have not been specific. Social Security is a great example, something that you just raised, Charlie.

And here's an area where John and myself were actually quite specific and said if we are going to deal with this problem specifically, what we need to do is to raise the cap on the payroll tax so that wealthy individuals are paying a little bit more into the system.

WINNER Right now, somebody like Warren Buffet pays a fraction of 1 percent of his income in payroll tax, whereas the majority of the audience here pays payroll tax on 100 percent of their income.

And I've said that was not fair. You criticized me for that, which is fine. We have a disagreement on that, but that's hardly because I wasn't specific on it. I was very specific on it, and...

LOSER Well, but I want to go back to health care and make another point. You have a mandate in your health care plan.

WINNER For children.

LOSER You mandate parents to have health care for children.

WINNER That's exactly right.

LOSER And, obviously, you did that because you want all children covered. So...

WINNER Because they don't have a choice.

LOSER Well, they don't have a choice, and you're going to make sure that parents get health care for children. So, you know, you stopped short of going the distance to make sure that we had a system that could actually deliver health care for everyone.

But it's not only about health care. You know, I think that two weeks ago, you criticized Senator Edwards in saying that he was unelectable because he had changed positions over the course of four years, that four years ago he wasn't for universal health care; now, he is.

Well, you've changed positions within three years on, you know, a range of issues that you put forth when you ran for the Senate, and now you have changed.

You know, you said you would vote against the Patriot Act. You came to the Senate; you voted for it. You said that you would vote against funding for the Iraq war. You came to the Senate, and you voted for $300 billion of it.

So I just think it's fair for people to understand that many of the charges that have been leveled, not just at me, but also at Senator Edwards, are not totally, you know, unrelated to the very record you have. And you've said records matter.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER And I think that we should get into examining everybody's record.

WINNER I want John to be able to get in on this, but since this was directed at me, let me just make sure that I address this.

First of all, I never said John was unelectable. Somebody asked me specifically what did I think was the difference between myself and John, and I pointed out some areas where I thought we had some differences.

LOSER And you said that he had changed positions, did you not?

WINNER And I did, because I thought that I'd been more consistent on those positions.

I have no problem, Hillary, with you pointing out areas where you think we have differences. But on health care, for example, the reason that I mandate for children is because children do not have a choice; adults do. And it's my belief that they will choose to have health care, if it is affordable.

Now, that's a perfectly legitimate policy difference for us to have. And that is different from saying that I will refuse to cover or leave out a bunch of individuals.

And the last point I just want to make on this, Charlie, is, you know, these are all good public servants. And everybody has great qualifications and has done good things.

But what I think is important that we don't do is to try to distort each other's records as election day approaches here in New Hampshire. Because what I think the people of America are looking for are folks who are going to be straight about the issues and are going to be interested in solving problems and bringing people together.

WINNER That's the reason, I think, we did so well in Iowa.

MODERATOR You've been very patient.



WINNER You were. And I appreciate it.

LOSER Thank you. No, you're welcome. You're more than welcome.

Let me just say a quick word about this.

You know, Senator Obama and I have differences. We do. We have a difference about health care, which he and I have talked about before.

We have a fundamental difference about the way you bring about change. But both of us are powerful voices for change.

And if I might add, we finished first and second in the Iowa caucus, I think in part as a result of that.

Now, what I would say this Any time you speak out powerfully for change, the forces of status quo attack. That's exactly what happens.

It's fine to have a disagreement about health care. To say that Senator Obama is having a debate with himself from some Associated Press story I think is just not -- that's not the kind of discussion we should be having.

I think that every time this happens, what will occur -- every time he speaks out for change, every time I fight for change, the forces of status quo are going to attack -- every single time.

LOSER And what we have to remember -- and this is the overarching issue here, because what we really need in New Hampshire and in future state primaries, is we need an unfiltered debate between the agents of change about how we bring about that change. Because we have differences about that.

But the one thing I do not argue with him about is he believes deeply in change. And I believe deeply in change.

And any time you're fighting for that -- I mean, I didn't hear these kind of attacks from Senator Clinton when she was ahead. Now that she's not, we hear them.

And any time you speak out -- any time you speak out for change, this is what happens.

MODERATOR With apologies to Governor Richardson, I think (inaudible).

LOSER Well, making change, making -- wait a minute. Now, wait a minute. I'm going to respond to this.

Because obviously -- obviously making change is not about what you believe. It's not about a speech you make. It is about working hard.

There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program. There are 2,700 National Guard and Reserve members who have access to health care because, on a bipartisan basis, I pushed legislation through over the objection of the Pentagon, over the threat of a veto from President Bush.

LOSER I want to make change, but I've already made change. I will continue to make change. I'm not just running on a promise of change. I'm running on 35 years of change. I'm running on having taken on the drug companies and the health insurance companies, taking on the oil companies.

So, you know, I think it is clear that what we need is somebody who can deliver change. And we don't need to be raising the false hopes of our country about what can be delivered. The best way to know what change I will produce is to look at the changes that I've already made.

LOSER Can I respond briefly to that?

MODERATOR Let me -- I'll let you respond. Let me -- in all fairness to Governor Richardson.

LOSER Well, I've been in hostage negotiations that are a lot more civil than this.





You know, I think one of the things that we need to remember -- I'm going to say this again because I said it at a previous debate -- let's stay positive. You know, there will be plenty of time to get negative with the Republicans.

LOSER You heard them earlier.



Let us talk about how we're going to make sure that we deliver health care for the American people, how we change America's foreign policy, how we make schools better and pay teachers better and get rid of No Child Left Behind.

Look, what we need is change. There's no question. But, you know, whatever happened to experience? Is experience kind of a leper? What is wrong with, you know, what is wrong with having -- what is wrong with having been, like myself, 14 years in the Congress, two Cabinet positions?

I mean, I've gone head-to-head with the North Koreans. We got the remains of soldiers back. We persuaded them to reduce their nuclear weapons.

What is wrong with being a governor and going to a state and giving health care to kids under 12 and creating jobs and balancing budgets?

What is wrong with being a secretary of energy who has made America, or tried to make America a land of clean energy (inaudible)?

My point is this We want to change this country, but you have to have -- you have to know how to do it.

LOSER And there's nothing wrong with having experience.

So, you know, I love change. We all are for change. But the question is, examine the record of those that, in the past, have produced change and that has taken responsibilities. We need somebody that has been tested.

MODERATOR I'm going to go to Senator Edwards and then Senator Obama, then we'll move on.

LOSER Thank you very much.

What I would say in response to the discussion that just took place is we have to understand what's at stake. Nobody cares about hearing a bunch of politicians fight. They're not the slightest bit interested in that, and they shouldn't be interested in it.

What's at stake here is a fight for the future of the middle class. And we do have different perspectives on how we fight for the middle class, how we fight for jobs, how we fight for health care.

And I believe, and I believe it very strongly, that there are entrenched special interests very well-financed -- some examples are drug companies, insurance companies, oil companies, et cetera -- that stand between America and the change that we need.

LOSER And I think if you defend the way the system works, it's very hard to take those people on.

I believe -- and it's -- I've fought these people. I'm 54 years old. I've been fighting these people, these irresponsible corporations -- and there are good corporations in America, Charlie, and I want to point that out, good corporations, good employers. Costco. AT&T, for example, is now working to help unionize some of their offices and to bring jobs back...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR We'll get -- we'll get to the commercials later.

LOSER Let me finish this, though. I want to finish this.

The point is this I think there are differences between us about how we fight for the future of the middle class. And I believe you have to be willing to take on these entrenched special interests. And I think if you're not willing to do it, it is impossible to bring about the change that the country needs.

MODERATOR Final words, Senator.

WINNER And just to wrap up, part of the change that's desperately needed is to enlist the American people in the process of self-government.

And one of the areas that I have constantly worked on is not only pushing aside the special interests -- this past year, passing the toughest ethics reform legislation since Watergate -- but also making sure that the government is transparent and accountable.

WINNER And that's what I think people were responding to in Iowa. We saw it here in New Hampshire today. They want somebody who's talking straight to them about the choices that are ahead.

And they want to make sure that government is responding to them directly, because folks out there feel the American dream is slipping away. They are working harder for less. They are paying more for health care, for college, for gas at the pump. And they are having a tougher time saving and retiring.

And what they don't feel is that the government is listening to them and responding to them. That's the kind of change that I think we need.

MODERATOR I'm going to move on to our third subject before I run out of time. And I want to turn to Iraq.

We started the surge early this year. You all opposed it. But there are real signs it has worked. So from background, our man in Baghdad for ABC, Terry McCarthy.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TERRY MCCARTHY, ABC BAGHDAD CORRESPONDENT It has been a tough 12 months in Iraq, with more U.S. troops killed than in any previous year of the war. But overall, the addition of an extra 30,000 troops has helped to reduce violence substantially. Civilian killings are down 65 percent in the last six months. U.S. deaths are down from 126 in May to 23 in December.

General Petraeus has repeatedly said the solution in Iraq must be political, not military. So far, political progress has been frustratingly slow.

But a year ago, many Americans, and the Iraqis, too, thought the country was a lost cause. Today, with improved security, life is returning to the streets of Baghdad.

Nobody yet says the war is over. But Iraqis are finally able to hope that things might be getting better.

Charlie?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR So, I want to ask all of you Are any of you ready to say that the surge has worked?

And Senator Clinton, let me start with you, because when General Petraeus was in Washington in September, you said it would take a willful suspension of disbelief to think that the surge could do any good.

LOSER And that's right. Because, remember, the purpose behind the surge was to create the space and time for political reconciliation, for the Iraqi government to do what only it can do and trying to deal with the myriad of unresolved problems that confront it.

And as your report said, you know, we have the greatest military in the world. We send in more of our troops, they will be able to dampen down the violence.

But there has not been a willingness on the part of the Iraqi government to do what the surge was intended to do, to push them to begin to make the tough decisions. And in the absence of that political action, 23 Americans dying in December is totally unacceptable.

You know, there is no more cause for us to be there if the Iraqis are just not going to do what they need to do to take care of their own country.

LOSER So it's time to bring our troops home and to bring them home as quickly and responsibly as possible.

And unfortunately, I don't see any reason why they should remain beyond, you know, today.

I think George Bush doesn't intend to bring them home. But certainly I have said when I'm president I will. Within 60 days, I'll start that withdrawal.

LOSER The policy's a massive failure.

Here are the measurements that we should look at. Thirty-nine hundred Americans have lost their lives.

There are 60,000 Americans today that are wounded, mainly mentally wounded.

Tell that to the family that only 23 died in December.

Look, here are the barometers that we need to look at.

First, there is no military solution. There's a political solution.

Secondly, has there been progress in any political compromises or reconciliation between the Sunni, the Shia and the Kurds? Zero.

Has there been progress in sharing oil revenues? Zero.

Has there been any regional elections? Zero.

Is the Maliki government intensifying its efforts to train the Iraqi security forces more than they have? No.

Is there any end to Iran's efforts to bring terrorist activities to Iraq? No.

Iran, Syria -- no one has participated in a regional solution.

There...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER No, Charlie, I mean, this is why I'm running for president. Because until we end this war, we cannot talk about the issues that need to be dealt with here universal health care, improving schools, bringing people together.

You can't have change until you end the war, and that means bringing all of our troops home within a year and leaving none behind.

MODERATOR I'm going to take this to Senator Obama and to Senator Edwards.

But -- and I'm not here to debate -- the parliament meets, an oil law is under consideration, de-Baathification has progressed to some extent, and were it not for the surge, instead of counting votes, we'd be counting bodies in the streets.

LOSER But this has been going on for years, Charlie.

MODERATOR And all of you -- all of you wanted the troops out last year.

LOSER There is no serious progress.

MODERATOR Would you have seen this kind of greater security in Iraq if we had followed your recommendations to pull the troops out last year, Senator Obama?

WINNER Let me respond.

I think the bar of success has become so low that we've lost perspective on what should be our long-term national interests.

It was a mistake to go in from the start, and that's why I opposed this war from the start. It has cost us upwards of $1 trillion. It may get close to $2 trillion. We have lost young men and women on the battlefield, and we have not made ourself safer as a consequence.

Now, I had no doubt, and I said at the time when I opposed the surge, that given how wonderfully our troops perform, if we place 30,000 more troops in there, then we would see an improvement in the security situation and we would see a reduction in the violence.

But understand, we started in 2006 with intolerable levels of violence and a dysfunctional government. We saw a spike in the violence. The surge reduced that violence, and we now are, two years later, back where we started two years ago. We have gone full circle at enormous cost to the American people.

WINNER What we have to do is to begin a phased redeployment to send a clear signal to the Iraqi government that we are not going to be there in perpetuity. Now, it will -- we should be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in.

I welcome the genuine reductions of violence that have taken place, although I would point out that much of that violence has been reduced because there was an agreement with tribes in Anbar province, Sunni tribes, who started to see, after the Democrats were elected in 2006, you know what? -- the Americans may be leaving soon. And we are going to be left very vulnerable to the Shias. We should start negotiating now.

That's how you change behavior. And that's why I will send a clear signal to the Iraqi government. They will have ample time to get their act together, to actually pass an oil law, which has been -- they've been talking about now for years. They will actually be able to conduct de-Baathification.

We will support them in all of those efforts.

But what we can't do is to continue to ignore the enormous strains that this has placed on the American taxpayer, as well as the anti-American sentiment that it is fanning, and the neglect that's happening in Afghanistan as a consequence.

MODERATOR I'm going to go to Senator Edwards. But all of you serve in Congress or did serve in Congress. You know how slow legislatures can move; you've all experienced it in the United States Congress.

But, Senator Edwards, let me go to you. Some of you -- Governor Richardson, Senator Obama -- you have talked about a timetable for withdrawal, getting all troops out by the end of 2009, 2010. If the generals in Iraq came to you as President Edwards and said, Mr. President -- on January 21, 2009 -- you're wrong, you can't do this. You're going to send Iraq back into the kind of chaos we had before, are you going to stick with it?

LOSER It is the responsibility of the president of the United States and the commander in chief to make policy decisions.

It is the responsibility -- of course, I would always listen to my uniformed military leadership -- directly. Not filtered through civilians -- directly.

But if you look at what happened in Iraq when the Brits began to pull their troops out, in the part of Iraq where those troops were located, there was a significant reduction in violence.

What the whole purpose -- just to be clear with people -- the whole purpose for the surge was to create some environment where there could be political progress and political reconciliation between Sunni and Shia.

Everyone believes -- even George Bush acknowledges that that's what we're trying to accomplish.

The question is, how do you get there?

Look at the loss of American lives; $600 billion and counting; and there's been essentially no political progress.

I don't believe -- and I think others would agree -- that there will be political progress until we make it clear that we're going to stop propping the Sunni and Shia up with American lives and with American taxpayer dollars.

So what we need to do -- and let me be very specific -- and this is what I will do as president In the first year that I am president, I will pull 40,000 to 50,000 troops out very quickly.

I will continue a steady redeployment of combat troops out of Iraq until they are all out within about nine to 10 months.

If my military leadership says we need some more time to make sure that we can do this in the most effective way and the most efficient way and the safest way for my troops, of course I'd be listening to what they have to say.

But I will end combat missions in Iraq in the first year, and there will be no permanent military bases.

We have to end this war, and the only way to end the war is to end the occupation, which is what I will do as president.

MODERATOR I've got one minute left, and I owe each of you 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, John, you can't end the war without -- you've got to get all the troops out to end the war because they become targets. And if you leave a small force behind, then you cannot bring the political reconciliation that is needed; you cannot bring a peacekeeping force by the United Nations or a donor conference to take over the $570 billion that we've spent on this war on resources that should be spent on health care and education for our own people.

This is where, with all due respect, we differ. I'd bring the troops back within a year. I don't want, in five years -- because I did, in another debate, some of you said you would keep troops, you wouldn't say you wouldn't get them out by 2013.

I don't want, in five years, to have to look at an 8-year old today -- an eighth grader, an American eighth grader today who is serving, five years from now, in Iraq. I don't want to hear about the death of an American.

You know, as a governor, I fly the flags half-mast upon a death. I'm sick of doing that. We need to stop that. We need to think of our veterans that are coming back with PTSD, with traumatic brain injuries, with mental anguish. We have a crisis on our hands.

And my whole point is that this whole campaign, everything we talk about -- universal health care, improving schools, helping kids -- cannot happen until we get out of this war, because the Congress and the president basically have a dysfunctional relationship where nothing gets done.

LOSER And I can see that as a governor from my state as I try to deal with health care and education.

So this is why it's so fundamental, and this is why I'm running for president. End this war, and the way you do it is by getting all the troops out in one year.

MODERATOR I owed you 30 seconds. Now, you owe me 45, but that's...



MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER I think we're in vigorous agreement about getting our troops home as quickly and responsibly as we possibly can, serving notice on the Maliki government that the blank check they've had from George Bush is no longer valid.

We're going to have to have intensive diplomatic efforts in the region. I don't think anyone can predict what the consequences will be.

And I think we have to be ready for whatever they might be.

We have to figure out what we're going to do with the 100,000- plus American civilians who are there working at the embassy, working for not-for-profits or American businesses.

We have to figure out what we're going to do about all the Iraqis who sided with us, you know, like the translators who helped the Marines in Fallujah whom I met, who said they wouldn't have survived without them. Are we going to leave them?

You know, this is a complicated enterprise, so it has to be done right. And last spring, I began demanding that the Bush administration tell us whether they were undertaking the kind of planning that is necessary for the withdrawal.

And, clearly, they're not. So as soon as I am elected, I will task the Joint Chiefs and the secretary of defense and the security advisers to provide such a plan and to begin to execute it within 60 days.

MODERATOR All right. Let me thank all of you. We're going to take a commercial break, three minutes. I'm going to bring Scott Spradling from WMUR up here, and we'll continue with some questions.

The Democratic debate from Manchester, New Hampshire, continues.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

I am joined, for the last half of this debate, as I was for the Republican debate, by the political director here in Manchester, New Hampshire, Scott Spradling.

And I appreciate all of you, again, being with us. It's good to have the four leading Democratic candidates with us. Just to reintroduce them, Senator John Edwards -- former Senator John Edwards, Senator Barack Obama, Governor Bill Richardson, Senator Hillary Clinton.

Scott?

LOSER Senator, I'd like to start with you.

I was watching the exchange in the first half and saw what looked like a little bit of a double team that's probably going to have a lot of people talking tomorrow morning.



LOSER I'm glad you noticed.

LOSER Yes, I did notice.



And I'd like to ask you this.

The University of New Hampshire Survey Center has been consistently trying to probe the minds of New Hampshire voters and get a sense of what they think about all of you. I'd be happy to report that the experience vs. change debate seems to be sinking it.

And what I'd like to get is to this New Hampshire voters seem to believe that, of those of you on this stage, you are the most experienced and the most electable. In terms of change, they see Senators Obama and Edwards as the agents of change, in New Hampshire mindset.

My question to you is simply this What can you say to the voters of New Hampshire on this stage tonight who see a resume and like it, but are hesitating on the likability issue, where they seem to like Barack Obama more?

LOSER Well, that hurts my feelings.



LOSER I'm sorry, Senator. I'm sorry.



LOSER But I'll try to go on.



He's very likable. I agree with that. I don't think I'm that bad.

WINNER You're likable enough, Hillary.

LOSER Thank you...



You know, I think this is one of the most serious decisions that the voters of New Hampshire have ever had to make. And I really believe that the most important question is who is ready to be president on day one.

You know, the problems waiting, some of which we have talked about already, are huge and the stakes could not be higher.

And, you know, in 2000 we, unfortunately, ended up with a president who people said they wanted to have a beer with; who said he wanted to be a uniter, not a divider; who said that he had his intuition and he was going to, you know, really come into the White House and transform the country. And, you know, at least I think there are the majority of Americans who think that was not the right choice.

So I am offering 35 years of experience making change, and the results to show for it.

I, you know, respect and like both Senator Edwards and Senator Obama.

LOSER But I think if you want to know what change each of us will bring about, look at what we've done. And there are a lot of differences that I think need to be aired for the voters of New Hampshire.

Because I stand on my record of experience, and I appreciate Governor Richardson's long history of serving our country.

But I think I am an agent of change. I embody change. I think having the first woman president is a huge change...



... with consequences across our country and the world. And that on the specific issues that I have worked on for a lifetime and the plans I have put forth, I believe I am more prepared and ready to actually deliver change.

LOSER And I think that ultimately is what Americans want to know and believe.

LOSER Senator, thank you.

Senator Obama, I don't know if your ears were ringing during the first debate. I asked a question about you earlier, and am interested to hear your response to what the Republican candidates for president laid out in arguments for you not being elected president.

I revved up the Republican attack machine. Please respond.

WINNER Well, you know, I have to admit that I was going back and forth between the Republicans and football.



MODERATOR How did the Redskins do?

WINNER The Redskins lost.



But, look, I think there's no doubt that any of the candidates on this stage would represent significant change from George Bush. And we've seen a disaster, in both foreign policy and domestic policy, over the last seven years.

But what the people in Iowa were responding to, what I think that we're seeing here in New Hampshire, is a hunger for a different kind of politics that is very specific about pushing aside special interests that have come to dominate the agenda and the debate, reducing the power of lobbyists; something that I have done.

I think people are very concerned about making sure that the American people are let back into their government.

So when I, for example, worked with a Republican to set up a searchable database, so that every dollar of federal spending -- we would know. If there was a bridge to nowhere, you'd know who was sponsoring it, and hopefully embarrassing them. If there was a no-bid contract to Halliburton, you'd know about that.

Those are the kinds of steps that will actually lead to real changes in people's lives.

And that's how I worked at the state level, bringing Republicans and Democrats together to provide health insurance to people who didn't have it.

That's how we were able to provide tax cuts to working families. And that is what I intend to do as president of the United States of America.

LOSER Senator Thompson referred to your support as endorsements by some of the most liberal groups in the nation, trying to paint a picture that you would be way left of center.

WINNER Of course. But Scott, that's what they're going to do to any Democrat. I mean, we've seen this movie before. We know the Republican playbook.

Here's what I'm betting on, though, is that regardless of what the Republican candidates are talking about, I think that there are a whole host of Republicans, and certainly independents, who have lost trust in their government, who don't believe anybody is listening to them, who are staggering under rising costs of health care, college education, don't believe what politicians say.

And we can draw those independents and some Republicans into a working coalition, a working majority for change.

WINNER And the fact of the matter is I think that Senator Clinton has done some good work. I think Bill Richardson has done some good work, as has John Edwards.

But what we haven't seen over the last many years, even preceding George Bush, is tackling the big issues -- getting health care reform finally done, getting an energy policy that works.

And that's going to require a working majority for change. We're starting to build that. We saw it in Iowa. We're going to build it here in New Hampshire. And I think we can build it across the country.

LOSER Governor Richardson, I'm curious Do you think to be president of the United States that prior executive experience is necessary? And is relative youth a detriment?

LOSER Well, I think prior executive experience is very important. I'm the only governor here. I'm the only person here who has actually balanced budgets.

I've balanced five. I've created 80,000 new jobs. I've lowered taxes for everybody. I've insured kids under 12 in my state. I've improved education.

You know, you want somebody in this position that has had executive experience.

And I will also say, Charlie, since, you know, I noticed Scott mentioned everybody else in the poll, he didn't mention me...



But that's OK.

MODERATOR Did that hurt your feelings, too?

LOSER Well, a little bit.



LOSER Would you like to know?

LOSER You know, let's face it -- the next president is going to have to have foreign policy experience. And of all the candidates here, I'm the only one that's negotiated with foreign governments, I'm the only one that has faced down the North Koreans and Saddam Hussein, I'm the only one that has had the highest national security clearance.

You know, so there's something about having experience and been tested and represented...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Can I follow up on that, then...

LOSER Sure.

LOSER ... with your resume.

I don't mean to interrupt, but I remember you as energy secretary coming to Boston for an energy summit way back in February of 2000, when the dialogue then was very similar to the dialogue that it is now rising fuel prices, a struggling supply, frustration in the homes across New England and a call for some help.

LOSER Here we are this past Thursday -- we've established it -- that it's $100 a barrel. Is it fair to say to you, in this experience argument, that you, as energy secretary, you didn't get it done then, so why believe you'd get it done now because we're having the same debate?

LOSER Look, both parties have been failures in dealing with energy policy, but you know -- and I remember meeting you there. Remember what I did, Scott. I went to OPEC countries and tried to get them to increase production so prices would go down.

At the time, there was a home heating oil crisis here in New England. I created reserves of home heating oil. Look at the price now in New Hampshire, $3.20, something like that. It's the highest ever.

You know, what we need is an energy revolution in this country, not some of the bills that the Congress has passed.

LOSER We need to go to 50 miles per gallon fuel efficiency. We need to have 30 percent of all our electricity renewable. We need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by the year 2040.

And we need the American people to sacrifice a little bit. I would ask the American people, when it comes to being more energy- conscious, to be cognizant of appliances, of fuel efficiency, the vehicles we drive, mass transit.

You know, I -- and I did when I was energy secretary, air conditioners 30 percent more efficient. I started the renewable portfolio. So, I did some things, Scott.

The problem -- you're right. We need a bipartisan approach. But we need to reduce fossil fuels by 50 percent by the year 2020, because our planet is getting damaged. And Al Gore has been right.

LOSER He deserves the Nobel Prize. I'm glad he stayed out of the race.



MODERATOR I'm going to go to Senator Edwards for just a moment.

You answered the first part of my question about executive training. You didn't talk about whether relative youth is a detriment.

LOSER I didn't hear that.

MODERATOR When I asked you the question, I said, is prior executive experience a key requirement for being president and is relative youth a detriment?

LOSER Relative youth? No. You know, John F. Kennedy was 42 years old when he was elected president. He's my hero, and I think he was one of our greatest presidents because -- because he inspired, because he said he'd go to the moon in 10 years, because he said that we all collectively have to do something for the common good.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER What's my question?



No, I'm glad that people like me, Hillary. I'm glad they like...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR The prior executive experience. And is relative youth a detriment?

LOSER No, I think what matters -- we've had a lot of conversation about the first day in the White House. I think we ought to picture what that first day in the White House would be for each of us.

I'll just speak for myself. You know, I'm the candidate up here who's never taken a dime from a Washington lobbyist in my entire time in public life or a dime from a special interest PAC.

The first day that I'm president of the United States, there will be no corporate lobbyists working in my White House. There will be no lobbyist who's lobbied for foreign governments.

And this is a very personal cause for me, because I come from a family -- my father is in the audience tonight -- where my father worked for 37 years in the mills. He didn't get a chance, like I did, to have a college education.

And this is a fight for the middle class and families just like the one I grew up with. My grandmother, who helped raise me, had a fifth or sixth grade education, came from a family of share-croppers, she worked in the mill every day so that I could have the chances that I've had.

And this -- I spent 20 years fighting irresponsible corporations in courtrooms.

LOSER I know what it takes to fight these people and win.

But here's what I would want people to know. What I want people to know is, this battle is deep inside me and it is personal.

And it matters whether it's personal or not, because is if it's either academic or political, when the tough fight comes, you'll walk away from it. You'll do what's political.

This fight is deeply personal to me. I've been engaged in it my whole life, to fight for the middle class, to fight against powerful special interests. And it is a fight I will wage on behalf of the American people as president of the United States and win, as I have for 54 years.

LOSER Senator, I'd like to follow that up then.

LOSER Sure.

LOSER You served six years in the U.S. Senate.

LOSER Yes.

LOSER And on the campaign trail, it seems like you don't talk a lot about the six years. The people of New Hampshire probably remember you talking about your war vote and explaining later on why you weren't happy about that.

LOSER Yes.

LOSER Can you give New Hampshire voters a guide of something significant that you accomplished in your six years as a U.S. senator...

LOSER Absolutely.

LOSER ... that would give us some guide as to what kind of president you're going to be?

LOSER Absolutely. I could tell you exactly one -- I'll give you one very specific example, a big example.

When the Democrats finally took over the United States Senate, the first issue that was brought to the table was the so-called patient's bill of rights, so that patients and families could make their own health care decisions.

LOSER What's happening now is insurance companies are running all over people. I mean, the case of Nataline Sarkisyan, which a lot of the audience will be familiar with -- 17-year-old girl who lost her life a couple of weeks ago because her insurance company would not pay for a liver transplant operation.

She had health insurance, but the insurance company wouldn't pay for it. They finally caved in a few hours before she died.

We need a president who will take these people on. What we did -- and I didn't do it alone, don't claim to have done it alone -- but I, Senator McCain, who was here earlier, Senator Kennedy, the three of us wrote the Patient's Bill of Rights. The three of us took on the powerful insurance industry and their lobby, every single day of the fight for the Patient's Bill of Rights. And we got that bill through the United States Senate and got it passed.

And I'm proud of having done that.

But that's just an example of why this battle is personal for me. You know, we need a president who believes deeply -- in here -- believes deeply in this battle.

And it is personal for me. When I see these lobbyists roaming around Washington, D.C., taking all the politicians to cocktail parties, I mean, the picture I get in my head is my father and my grandmother going in that mill every day so that I could have the chances I've had.

Where is their voice in this democracy? When are they going to get heard? They need a president who will stand up for them, and so does every American who's listening to this debate.

WINNER I just want to add, I agree with John, which is why I prohibited lobbyists from buying meals for members of Congress...

LOSER Good idea.

WINNER ... because -- and some of them complained. They said...

(CROSSTALK)

WINNER They said, Where am I going to eat?

MODERATOR They can now buy food for members of Congress if the members of Congress are standing up. That's my understanding of what the rules have changed. You can't sit down and eat, but you can stand up and eat. Tell me why that's change.

WINNER Here's what we did. They can't buy meals. They can't provide gifts. They can no longer lend corporate...

MODERATOR They can have huge parties for you as long as you're standing up.

LOSER They can't eat as much if they're standing up, Charlie.

WINNER That's true.

Look, we are now disclosing if they're bundling money for members of Congress. They've got to disclose who they're bundling money from and who they're giving it to.

But here's the critical point that I want to make. Not only does this have to be personal, John -- and I completely agree. When I think about health care, I think about my mother, who when she was dying of cancer had to read an insurance form because she had just gotten a new job and they were trying to figure out whether or not this was going to be treated as a preexisting condition, and whether or not they would pay her medical bills.

So I've seen the costs of a health care system that is broken in very personal terms.

But what I also believe, if we're going to bring about real change, then we have to bring in the American people. We have to bet on them.

WINNER And that's what's been lost. People, I think, feel that they are not heard at all, they are not involved. And the only way we're going to muster enough power over the long term to actually get something done is if we've got a working majority, which is why it's so important...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Can we just have a sort of a reality break for a minute? Because I think that it is important to make some kind of an assessment of these statements.

You know, Senator Edwards did work and get the patient bill of rights through the Senate -- it never got through the House. One of the reasons that Natalie may well have died is because there isn't a patient's bill of rights. We don't have a patient's bill of rights.

LOSER Because George Bush killed it.

LOSER Well, that's right. He killed it.

So, we've got to have a plan and a real push to get it through.

You know, when it comes to lobbyists, you know, Senator Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies.

So, I think it's important that all of us be held to the same standard -- that we're all held accountable.

You know, the energy bill that passed in 2005 was larded with all kinds of special interest breaks, giveaways to the oil companies. Senator Obama voted for it. I did not because I knew that it was going to be an absolute nightmare.

Now we're all out on the campaign trail talking about taking the tax subsidies away from the oil companies, some of which were in that 2005 energy bill.

So, you know, words are not actions. And as beautifully presented and passionately felt as they are, they are not action.

You know, what we've got to do is translate talk into action and feeling into reality. I have a long record of doing that, of taking on the very interests that you have just rightly excoriated because of the over-due influence that they have in our government.

And, you know, probably nobody up here has been the subject of more incoming fire from the Republicans and the special interests. So I think I know exactly what I'm walking into. And I am prepared to take them on.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Senator, does that mean that you're further down the road than your opponents in this? Or are you saying that you can do things that these folks can't do, when it comes to being an agent of change?

LOSER Absolutely. Because I've been an agent of change. You know, you go back 35 years, you know, I worked to help make the case for the law that, thankfully, required that public schools give an education to children with special needs. I worked to reform education and health care in Arkansas against, you know, some pretty tough odds.

In the White House, I helped to create, you know, health care for kids and, you know, reform a lot of the other programs -- like taking on the drug companies.

LOSER And to be clear, they can't. You're saying they can't.

LOSER Well, I'm not saying that -- I'm only making my case, that this is what I have done.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR I'll come to all of you.

I didn't want to get into this, but I've covered Washington for a long time. And I know President Clinton came to Washington talking about change. President Bush came to Washington talking about change.

So many people in the administrations and in Congress say Washington is set up to resist change...

LOSER Absolutely.

MODERATOR And God love all of you for making this argument.

(CROSSTALK)



(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Can I just say, if you're going to mention President Clinton, I'm going to respond?

LOSER Let Hillary talk. Let her talk.

LOSER President Clinton -- wait, President Clinton inherited a deficit, a debt that had been quadrupled in the previous 12 years.

Now, anybody who doesn't think taking on the special interests to raise taxes on corporations, raise taxes on the wealthy, begin to whittle away at the deficit, to be able to leave with a balanced budget and a surplus -- if that didn't take a lot of change that actually produced results, then I think we've got amnesia.

LOSER You know, change is hard, but change is possible...



LOSER OK, can we speak to this? Can we speak to this?

LOSER ... if you're prepared to work hard and follow through.

LOSER I want to say -- I just want to say a quick word about this.

You know, it is true that these entrenched interests -- whether you're talking about oil companies, drug companies, gas companies, whoever, these entrenched interests are literally stealing our children's future.

They have a stranglehold on this democracy. And they are having an incredibly destructive force on the middle class, on families being able to do what my family has done, and so many who are sitting here have been able to do.

And the problem is you can't be with those people, take their money and then challenge them. It doesn't work.

You have to be willing to actually stand up and say no, no to lobbyists' money, no to PAC money, no corporate lobbyists working for me in the White House.

LOSER If you intend to take them on, and if it is personal for you -- and this is extraordinarily personal for me -- if it's personal for you, then you can be successful bringing about the change.

Teddy Roosevelt -- just one quick example -- Teddy Roosevelt -- Teddy Roosevelt, a great American president He didn't make deals with the monopolies and the trusts. Teddy Roosevelt took them on, busted the monopolies, busted the trusts. That's what it's going to take.

We have a battle in front of us. We do.

I don't think we have a problem with politicians in Washington spending enough time with lobbyists and going to cocktail parties. They do it all the time. They do it every single day.

And I'll tell you who's paying the price for those cocktail parties Ed and Nataline Sarkisyan, every single American who doesn't have health care coverage, everybody who's going to the gas pump and paying so much for their gas.

When are we going to have a president who actually takes these people on? That's what I'm going to do.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR I'm going to go Senator Obama, and I'll come to you.

WINNER Look, I think it's easy to be cynical and just say, You know what? It can't be done, because Washington is designed to resist change.

But in fact, there have been periods of time in our history where a president inspired the American people to do better.

WINNER And I think we're in one of those moments right now. I think the American people are hungry for something different and can be mobilized around big changes; not incremental changes, not small changes.

I actually give Bill Clinton enormous credit for having balanced those budgets during those years. It did take political courage for him to do that.

But we never built the majority and coalesced the American people around being able to get the other stuff done.

And, you know, so, the truth is, actually, words do inspire, words do help people get involved, words do help members of Congress get into power so that they can be part of a coalition to deliver health-care reform, to deliver a bold energy policy.

Don't discount that power.

WINNER Because when the American people are determined that something is going to happen, then it happens. And if they are disaffected and cynical and fearful and told that it can't be done, then it doesn't.

I'm running for president because I want to tell them, Yes, we can, and that's why I think they're responding in such large numbers.

LOSER You know, this is the kind of Washington bickering that the public turns off to. And, you know, with all due respect, as a governor, I'm frustrated every time you guys and the president get nothing done because then the burden is on us.

And, you know, John, I understand your frustration. I understand, you know, that it's personal. But, you know, to resolve problems, you got to bring people together. You got to heal this country.

You can't -- you know, it's great to say, We're going to take everybody on. But, you know, it's going to take coalitions of people backing us. It's going to take public financing to get the special interests out of politics. It's going to take bipartisanship.

You know, what I've said is that if I'm elected president, I'm going to have a Cabinet of Republicans, Democrats and independents.

Now, I won't overdo the Republicans.



LOSER But my point is, it's how you govern. It's coalition-building. It's bringing the public -- a citizens corps of activists. It's asking the public to sacrifice, to do something for the country like being more energy efficient, like national service.

You know, I've got a program, two years the government pays for your college loans, your tuition, you give one year of national service to the country.

It's emboldering (ph) the electorate. You can't do it by just fighting and taking everybody on. You got to bring people together. And that's a frustration.

LOSER Give me 30 seconds on this, because you just said something...

MODERATOR I'll hold you to it.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER I actually completely agree that it's the responsibility of the president to unite and galvanize the American people. It is also the responsibility of the president, and I will do it, to work with members of Congress to get things done.

But these entrenched monied interests that have a stranglehold on the middle class, that are doing incredibly destructive to American jobs and the health care system, energy, all taxes, trade, they're in everything -- absolutely everything, you cannot nice these people to death. It doesn't work.

I have been in the trenches fighting them for my whole adult life. And it takes strength, backbone, fight and you have to take them on.

Yes, Barack, I agree with you completely that the best -- we need to unite America and we need to galvanize the American people.

And, Bill, I completely agree with what you just said. This is not a fight with politicians. And this is certainly not a fight with the American people.

It is a fight for the American people against those people who are stopping the change.

MODERATOR All right. Let me turn to something else.

Reversing -- you invoked the name of Al Gore a few moments ago -- reversing or slowing global warming is going to take sacrifice.

MODERATOR I'm sort of sorry Chris Dodd isn't here because he's talked a lot about a carbon tax in this election. Al Gore favors a carbon tax.

None of you have favored a carbon tax. Is it a bad idea, or is it just so politically unpalatable that you guys don't want to propose it?

LOSER Can I answer?

You know, I was energy secretary. It's a bad idea. Because, when you have a carbon tax, first of all, it's not a mandate. What you want is a mandate on polluters, on coal companies, on those that pollute, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by a certain target.

Under my plan 30 percent by the year 2020; 80 percent by the year 2040. It takes international leadership. The better way to do it is through a cap-and-trade system which is a mandate.

Furthermore, a carbon tax, that's passed on to consumers, that's passed on to the average person, that's money you take out of the economy.

So it's a bad idea.

Cap-and-trade is a mandate, but it's also going to take presidential leadership. It's going to take all of us here, every American, you know, to think more efficiently about how we transport ourself, what vehicles we purchase, appliances in our homes.

It's going to take a transportation policy that doesn't just build more highways. We have to have commuter rail, light rail, open spaces. We've got to have land-use policies where we improve people's quality of life.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I agree with Bill that I think a cap-and-trade system makes more sense. That's why I proposed it because you can be very specific in terms of how we're going to reduce the greenhouse gases by a particular level.

Now, what you have to do is you have to combine it with a 100 percent auction. In other words, every little bit of pollution that is sent up into the atmosphere, that polluter is getting charged for it.

WINNER Not only does that ensure that they don't game the system, but you're also generating billions of dollars that can be invested in solar and wind and biodiesel.

I do disagree with one thing, though, that Bill said, and that is that on a carbon tax, the cost will be passed on to consumers, and that won't happen with a cap-and-trade.

Under a cap-and-trade, there will be a cost. Plants are going to have to retrofit their equipment. And that's going to cost money, and they will pass it onto consumers.

We have an obligation to use some of the money that we generate to shield low-income and fixed-income individuals from higher electricity prices.

But we're also going to have to ask the American people to change how they use energy. Everybody is going to have to change their light bulbs. Everybody is going to have to insulate their homes. And that will be a sacrifice. But it's a sacrifice that we can meet. Over the long term, it will generate jobs and businesses, and can drive our economy for many decades.

LOSER Charlie, let me make a connection here that I think is really important.

I think the economy is slipping toward a recession -- the unemployment figures on Friday hitting 5 percent, the $100 a barrel oil that we also hit this week, the fall of the dollar. There's a lot of pressures on middle-class families, and the kind of costs that they have to keep up with have all gone up astronomically.

I mean, you know, the energy costs for the typical family in New Hampshire since George Bush has been president have tripled. And that's far beyond what the costs of the tax cut that they got from George Bush.

So, what we've got to do is use energy as an opportunity to actually jump-start economic recovery. We need to quickly move toward energy efficiency. We should require the utilities to begin to work for energy efficiency and conservation, costs that will be shared and decrease the pressure on families.

We need a weatherization and low-income heating emergency program that is out there now helping families in New Hampshire and elsewhere to cover their costs.

And we need to look at how doing what is right about energy is not only good for our security and good for the fight against global warming, but it will be essential in dealing with the economic challenges that we face.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, I will take this question to you.

But you raised the issue of the economy right now. And we have a housing crisis in this country.

LOSER Yes, we do.

MODERATOR We have an energy problem -- in the cost of energy. And we now have a jobs problem.

We have, when we are -- and you raised R word, recession -- when we are approaching recession, it is consumers who have spent us out of recession in most cases.

You're all talking about letting some of the Bush tax cuts lapse. And yet...

LOSER Yes, but, Charlie, the tax cuts on the wealthiest of Americans; not the middle-class tax cuts. One of the problems with George Bush's tax policy has been the way he has tilted it for the wealthy and the well-connected.

MODERATOR If you take a family of two professors, here at Saint Anselm, they're going to be in the $200,000 category that you're talking about lifting the taxes on.



MODERATOR And...

(CROSSTALK)



LOSER That may be NYU, Charlie. I don't think it's St. Anselm.

MODERATOR Two public school teachers in New York?



But that is -- you're in a situation where you're taking money out of the economy, is what I'm saying.

LOSER Look, if we set the cap where I'm saying, at $250,000 and above, that's a very small percentage.

And what I want to do is fix the alternative minimum tax, create these new job opportunities primarily through clean renewable energy, but also get back to where middle class families get the kind of tax relief that they deserve, which they really haven't been getting under George Bush.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Go ahead.

LOSER Thank you.

What you see happening in America today, if you're president of the United States and as you are looking at this from altitude, is you see a very few Americans getting wealthier and wealthier; you see the biggest corporations in America's profits through the roof. ExxonMobil just made $40 billion -- record profits.

All of that happening at the same time that we have 47 million people with no health care; 37 million who will wake up in this country tomorrow worried about feeding and clothing their children. Tonight, 200,000 men and women who wore the uniform of the United States of America and served this country honorably will go to sleep under bridges and on grates.

LOSER It's time for us to say -- and it's time for the president to say -- enough is enough.

This is a battle for the future of our children. This is a battle for the middle class.

Let's take jobs, which we haven't talked about. We've touched on a lot of other things; we haven't talked about jobs. We've had a trade and tax policy that is bleeding American jobs. And all it has done is pad the profits of the biggest multinational corporations in America.

You talk about professors here, at this college. Let me say a word...

MODERATOR Well, I shouldn't have done that, apparently.

LOSER Yes, it was a mistake.



But we are -- I saw a projection, just a week or so ago, suggesting that America could lose as many as 20 million to 30 million more jobs over the next decade.

Think about that for a minute 30 million.

And who's the most at-risk group?

LOSER College graduates. This is not just people who are working in mills and working in factories who have been devastated by this -- completely devastated. These are middle class families. These are college graduates and their jobs at risk.

We need a different tax policy, a different trade policy where the first question is -- and this is what I will ask when I am president of the United States -- is this trade proposal, is this tax proposal, is it good for working, middle class Americans? That's the question.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER There is no doubt that the economy has been out of balance. It's been out of balance throughout George Bush's tenure. And some of the trends from globalization preceded George Bush.

That's why I have proposed specific tax relief now, immediately, so that we would offset some of the payroll tax, that we would immediately put some additional dollars in the pockets of American families, working families typically making $75,000 a year or less, to not only stimulate the economy, but also to balance out a tax code.

And I would pay for it very specifically, by closing tax loopholes and tax havens. You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations.

That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.

But the larger point is that we have to get back to a notion that opportunity and bottom-up economic growth is what the president should be fighting for.

And what we've had is a top-down agenda that is skewed toward the wealthiest Americans. It is making worse some of the trends of globalization that are already out there.

And one of the benefits of this campaign has been to listen and talk to the folks all throughout New Hampshire who are tired of it and want to see something change.

LOSER Just very quickly, just for the governor -- I know we're running out of time. And I'd like to get this to you. You're going to say what you're going to say on this topic. But just, could you please address, as a governor, the small-business owners, in this tax talk, who may fit the category that we're talking about, but who are also providing the payrolls, proving the health insurance and are worried that if they lose out on this, that they could, too, be hurt?

LOSER That's 75 percent of New Hampshire's economy we're talking about.

LOSER Well, also, like Governor Lynch here, I'm the only one that's actually run a state economy. I'm the only one that's balanced budgets and created jobs.

So, here's my response. You asked about how we improve the economy.

One, you got to balance the budget. I mean, this is $9 trillion debt to China, to commercial banks.

We got to have line-item veto authority for the president.

We've got to get rid of $73 billion in corporate welfare.

The second thing we need to do is, what ever happened to the Democratic Party? We used to be the party of jobs and economic growth. We should be investing in science and innovation and in green energy.

Tax incentives -- if a company pays over prevailing wage, give them a tax incentive.

LOSER And, lastly, we have not talked about education in this whole debate. We've got to improve our schools. We've got to pay our teachers better. Invest in science and math. Get rid of No Child Left Behind. We've got to have arts in the schools.

We have to be an America that recognizes we're 29th in the world in science and math, and countries like China and India are graduating many more times engineers than we are. That's competitiveness.

MODERATOR We have just a couple of minutes left. And it's been a very interesting evening, I would say. And I've been fascinated. I hope people who have watched have been, as well.

There have been an awful lot of debates. I think is debate 681. You guys may have counted. I've lost.

LOSER At least.

MODERATOR Tell me one thing you've said in those debates that you wish you hadn't said. And it's your chance to take...



MODERATOR ... and it's your chance to take it back.

LOSER Oh, you're going to start with me?



MODERATOR Sure.

LOSER Well, you know, we've had -- I don't exactly know how many -- 13, 14. And I've lost count.

LOSER You know, I feel like they've been good exchanges among us. You know, there have been one or two moments that I would have taken back.

But what's really most important about these debates is that the Democratic Party stands in such contrast to the Republicans.

You know, the Republicans have a totally different approach to what we need to be doing. They're not talking about the mortgage crisis and trying to solve it. They're not talking about what I fear to be a slide into recession.

They're not talking about global warming. They're not talking about science and innovation. They're not talking about what really is going to face the next president.

So, I think that we've done in our debates a much better job in actually getting out the issues that are going to be on the desk in the Oval Office when the president walks in.

And, beyond that, I will leave it to the pundits to decide what I might or might not have said at any one of the debates.

MODERATOR I will let you off on specificity of take-backs...

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR ... since we're running out of time.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I made a lot of them. One that I particularly remember -- I think it was here in New Hampshire, the first debate. I was asked who my favorite Supreme Court justice was. And I said, dead or alive?



I said -- I should've stuck to the alive, because I then said Whizzer White because I idolized John F. Kennedy, and I figured if he appointed Whizzer White, this was a great Supreme Court justice.

Well, then I find out that Whizzer White was against Roe v. Wade, against civil rights. You know, so that's -- that wasn't -- that wasn't a good one.





MODERATOR Senator Edwards, I'll go to you, just with the passing comment that you haven't talked about Mrs. Clinton's attire recently.

LOSER I was about to say...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER I already figured this out...

OBAMA (?) That was a good (inaudible).



LOSER If you're going to pick the one for me, it was when I made the horrendous mistake of teasing Hillary about her jacket.



And I want her to know, I think you look terrific tonight.





MODERATOR And Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I -- you know, there have been all kinds of aspects to my debate performance that I'd love to correct or sharpen.

But, overall, actually, here's an area where I agree with Hillary that there has been a stark contrast, generally, between the four of us and those who aren't debating with us now but were previously.

There is going to be a fundamental difference between the Republican nominee and the Democratic nominee ending the politics of fear that has so dominated our political debate, making certain that we're actually listening to the American people and the struggles and hardships that they're going through.

WINNER And I think the opportunity to bring the American people together and to push back those special interests, to actually deliver on meaningful differences in their lives, that's something -- that's a prospect that I think all Democrats should be excited about.

MODERATOR I want to thank all four of you for being here. And I want to thank the six Republicans who preceded you.

No matter who people across the country are supporting, whether it's in this party or the other, we wish all of you well and we thank you for being here. All the best.

MODERATOR Hello. I'm Carolyn Washburn, editor of the Des Moines Register. And welcome to day two of our Des Moines Register debates.

Today we're going to talk with six Democratic candidates for president of the United States. These candidates have spent a lot of time together on stage in debates and forums. They have spent months in Iowa, and Iowans have had a lot of opportunity to ask them questions and look them in the eye.

Still, half Iowa Democrats who say they're likely to caucus also say they may still change their minds.

So as we wrestle our way down to these last 21 days, we looked at the issues not getting a lot of attention and issues Iowans said they wanted to know more about. And that is where we're going to focus most of our time today.

First, let's welcome our candidates Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, Senator Joe Biden of Delaware, Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico, Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut, former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina and Senator Hillary Clinton of New York.

Thank you all for being here today.

The rules are simple. I'll ask the questions and let you know how much time you have to answer.

MODERATOR There are timing lights. You'll see a yellow light when you have 10 seconds left, and the red light means it's time to stop.

I'll try not to be a Scrooge about it, since it's the season, but I will ask you to respect the time so we don't have to shorten up answers down the line and there's plenty of time for conversation. We have lots of candidates and lots of ground to cover.

I will offer up to 30 seconds of rebuttal time to any candidate criticized by name, and I'll include other candidates who indicate they want to jump in, as long as we have time.

We'll explain everything else as we go along, so let's get to it.

We're going to start with a discussion about the financial situation facing our country, the single biggest issue Iowans of both parties said they wanted you to talk more about.

MODERATOR Would it be a priority of your administration to balance the federal budget every year? If yes, how? If no, why not?

Senator Obama, I'd like you to start us off. You'll have one minute.

BARACK OBAMA, D-ILL. Over the last seven years, what we've seen is an economy that's out of balance because of the policies of George Bush and the Republicans in Congress.

Not only do we have fiscal problems, but we've got growing inequality. And so people are working harder for less and they're seeing costs from everything from college education to health care to gas at the pump go up.

So what I want to do is get the long-term fundamentals right. That means that we are investing in education, we're investing in infrastructure, we're getting our trade deals structured so that they're fair, and that we are also ending the war in Iraq where we're spending $10 billion to $12 billion a month. That is money that can be applied back here at home for critical issues.

Now, the fact is that we're not going to be able to do this unless we're able to overcome some of the special interests that have clogged up the system and created trillions of dollars worth of tax loopholes and tax breaks.

WINNER We need to put those tax breaks and tax loopholes back into the pockets of hardworking Americans.

MODERATOR And so, just so I'm clear, a priority to balance the federal budget, or not necessarily?

WINNER We are not going to be able to dig ourselves out of that hole in one or two years. But if we can get on a path of sustained growth, if we can end the war in Iraq, end some of the special interest loopholes and earmarks that have been clogging up the system, then I think we can return to a path of a balanced budget.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you wanted to jump in?

 BILL RICHARDSON, D-N.M. Well, as a governor, I have to, by law, balance budgets. I've balanced five. And it would be a major priority of mine.

And this is what I would do as president. We have to balance the budget. I would advocate for line-item veto authority for the president, a constitutional amendment to balance the budget.

There's $73 billion in corporate welfare that needs to be eliminated. I think we all have to sacrifice, the Congress, too, and that means eliminating congressional earmarks. That means, also, having pay-as-you-go policies in our budget that, if somebody thinks of a new program or is going to cut a tax, we've got to make sure that it's paid for.

But most importantly, I believe it's -- balancing the budget should be viewed as an opportunity to have economic growth in this country.

LOSER That's what I would do as president.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

JOSEPH R. BIDEN JR., D-DEL. I think it's pretty straightforward. And it's not a -- you don't have to make a choice of balancing the budget and/or leading with the priorities that most of us feel strongly about, from health care, to education, to the environment.

And I'll just put it in real stark terms It's about priorities -- I apologize for my cold. It's about priorities.

Just by eliminating the war, eliminating the $200 billion in tax cuts that aren't needed for -- goes to the top one percent, if you add it all up, and by cutting somewhere in the order of $20 billion a year out of the military for special programs, from star wars, to a new atomic weapon, to the F-22, to the Nimitz-Class Destroyer, you can save $350 billion.

That would allow me to do everything I want to do -- my priorities on education, health care and the environment -- and still bring down the deficit by $150 billion.

It would cost less than half -- so, the Republicans are trying to sucker us into this, "You either have to balance the budget and do nothing to make people's lives better, or you're going to balloon the deficit."

LOSER They have ballooned the deficit with their bad priorities.

MODERATOR We're just going to go down the line with this one.

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, listen, the federal government's much different than a state government, I say respectfully to Bill Richardson here. It's much more complicated and diverse.

I've been a strong supporter, authored, in fact, pay-as-you-go budgets back in the early 1980s, here in the Reagan administration, which failed, I might add; was a strong supporter of Gramm-Rudman- Hollings, which is designed as well to inject some fiscal discipline into the process.

But what we need to be doing is growing our economy, giving people a sense of confidence and optimism again that we're dealing with some of the deep, underlying problems that have caused their earning power to decline by almost a thousand dollars over the last six years.

Health care costs have gone up 87 percent. Energy costs continue to rise. The cost of higher education -- the cost right here at the University of Iowa has gone up 141 percent the last six or seven years.

So we need to have an economy here that's driving to growth, creating jobs, which is the best social program anyone ever created, with a sense of optimism here. And then, simultaneously, as you grow and deal with the underlying waste that's occurred, bring an end to the war in Iraq, which costs us $10 billion every month, that we can begin to put that discipline back into our process which all Americans are looking for.

CHRISTOPHER J.LOSER, D-CONN. But the national government is a very different entity than a state government; requires a lot more flexibility to it.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, we have 30 seconds for these rebuttals.

FORMER JOHN EDWARDS, D-N.C. OK. Thank you very much.

Well, first of all, what we have to do is get rid of the structural deficiencies in the American economy. And we have to create jobs, protect American jobs. We have to strengthen and grow the middle class, which is struggling mightily in this country today.

And one of the reasons that we've lost jobs, we're having trouble creating jobs, we're having trouble growing and strengthening the middle class is because corporate power and greed have literally taken over the government.

And we need a president who's will to take these powers on. It is the only way we're going to strengthen and grow the middle class, have universal health care, have a trade policy that actually works for American workers, have a tax policy that's not favoring big multinational corporations, but instead favors the middle class and working people.

HILLARY RODMODERATORLOSER, D-N.Y. Well, fiscal responsibility is a very high priority for me. We don't have to go back very far in our history, in fact just to the 1990s, to see what happens when we do have a fiscally responsible budget that does use rules of discipline to make sure that we're not cutting taxes or spending more than we can afford.

LOSER I will institute those very same approaches.

You can't do it in a year. It'll take time. But the economy will grow again when we start acting fiscally responsible. And then we can save money in the government by cutting out private contractors, closing loopholes, getting the health care system to be more efficient.

We'll do all of this at the same time, but the results will take awhile for us to actually see.

MODERATOR So let me follow up on this, and I'll start with Governor Richardson. And this will be a 60-second answer.

When are tax increases necessary and appropriate, then? And given the current deficit, which of your priorities would be worth asking Americans to pay more for?

LOSER Well, I think that two percent for the wealthiest Americans, that is unfair, unequal. That would go, in my objectives as president.

I think we also, when we talk about balancing the budget -- I'd advocate a constitutional amendment. Obviously, you can't do it in the time of war or recession. You can't do it in the time of an emergency. I would exclude Social Security.

But I think what is critically important is that when we talk about our most urgent national priority, the war, we've spent $500 billion in this war. And these are funds that could go to our domestic priorities -- to health care, to kids, to education, to improving our schools, to rebounding, also, in terms of our national spirit.

But fiscally responsible budgets, I believe, are critical for economic growth. And we use the tax structure to incentivize the economy, to give preference to solar, wind, and biomedical companies and aviation and companies of the future.

LOSER I would take those steps as president, along with improving our education system, too. That will make us more competitive.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, I just want to add one thing to what Governor Richardson just said. I think the truth of the matter is that the tax policy in America has been established by big corporations and the wealthiest Americans.

That's why we have tax breaks for the top 1 percent and 2 percent. It's why the profits of big corporations keep getting bigger and bigger, while most working middle-class families are struggling.

So what we ought to be doing instead is getting rid of these tax breaks for big -- the wealthiest Americans -- big tax breaks for companies that are actually taking American jobs overseas.

This is insanity, when we're losing American jobs at the rate we are today.

And then, on top of that, we need to help middle-class families. I have proposed specific ideas to help them save, to help them send their kids to college, and to make sure that thy can pay for child care.

LOSER All of these things are aimed at making sure that we have -- that we strengthen the middle class, that we can pay for things like universal health care -- I mean, you can't have universal health care, to be honest with people, unless you have a way to pay for it, and this is how we pay for it.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton? Thirty seconds.

LOSER Well, I think it's important that we recognize how people feel in Iowa and across America. They feel as though they're standing at on a trap door. They are one pink slip, one missed mortgage payment, one medical diagnosis away from falling through.

I want to restore the tax rates that we had in the '90s. That means raising taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals. I want to keep the middle class tax cuts. And I want to start making changes that will actually save us money -- save us money in our Medicare budget, save us money for the average American.

You know, during the '90s the typical Iowan family's income rose $7,000. We can get back to fiscal responsibility and economic growth again.

MODERATOR I want to go back to a question. You all campaign on fairly significant new programs in education, health care and the like, that will cost billions of dollars.

At the same time, many of you have said that even if we start pulling troops out of Iraq now, it will take some time to do that in a safe and orderly way.

So if we assume that we'll continue to have some military expenses in Iraq for many months, how will you pay for your new ideas in the short term?

Senator Biden?

LOSER The short term -- by the way, the Defense Department's gigantic, it's not just the war in Iraq. Over the period of the first four years, I think all of us are going to try to get all the troops out of there. I think I can do it in the first year.

But the point is this We shouldn't buy into this Republican paradigm, to use the fancy word my conservative friends use, and that is that the idea -- they built this deficit up, the Republicans, in order to make it difficult to do the things we need to do. And we need to deal with health care, we need to deal with these things.

And just list a few things.

LOSER You can take $20 billion a year out of the Defense Department just by eliminating weapons systems; not building the new atomic weapon, not building Star Wars.

You can, in fact, cut -- you can put more into the government by close to $150 billion. And tax cuts going to people who don't need them will not affect the economy, and they didn't ask for them.

So you can pay for every one of these initiatives. But, as my dad used to say, it's all about priorities. What are your priorities?

I would fundamentally change the Republican priorities of rewarding only the wealthy, wasteful government programs in the Defense Department, as well as dealing with a more rational policy to promote jobs.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, every proposal I've put forward during this campaign, we have paid for. And we have specified where that money is going to come from.

But let's just look at our tax code, because it's a great example of how we could provide some relief to ordinary citizens who are struggling to get by.

Right now, we've got a whole host of corporate loopholes and tax savings. There's a building in the Cayman Islands that houses, supposedly, 12,000 U.S.-based corporations.

WINNER Now, that's either the biggest building in the world or the biggest tax scam in the world. And I think we know which one it is.

If we close some of those loopholes, that helps me to pay for an offset on the payroll tax that effects all Americans.

We've put forward tax relief plans for those that are making less than $75,000 a year. That will not only restore fairness to our tax code, but it also puts money into the pockets of hard-working Americans who need it right now, who will spend it, and it will actually improve our economic growth over time, particularly at a time when we're seeing a credit crunch.

But what it requires is some leadership from the White House that restores that sense that we're all in this together and that we're not just on our own.

MODERATOR I'm going to ask Governor Richardson and Senator Dodd to answer this, 30 seconds, and then I think we'll move to another question.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I detailed $57 billion in military reductions, which involve missile systems, procurement reform.

LOSER But we got to recognize that the Iraq war has drained our military. And what we need to do is we need a couple of more divisions in the Army, in the Marines.

We've got to take care of our veterans. The V.A. system needs guaranteed funding. Our veterans coming back with mental health problems, with trauma are not properly being taken care of.

And we need to recruit and retain to keep the volunteer Army going. We need to improve our readiness.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER We need to improve our equipment.

So there are some military priorities that America and the next president has to address.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Again, I try to frame this in the context of what's fair, what's responsible and what's pro-growth. We've got to grow as well in this country here.

And one of the constituencies that's suffering the most, the middle class, falling further and further behind. We've got some 37 million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12 million or 13 million are children.

One of the things I've done over the years is try to expand the child tax credit here, which takes some 2.5 million children out of poverty.

LOSER The Earned Income Tax Credit ought to be extended further.

So, you know, lift people up, as well, here, by providing the opportunities for them to get out of the difficulties they're in economically and have an opportunity to grow, provide those -- fill those jobs that need in our country, change our trade policies here.

But growing the economy -- too often, I think, Democrats are just associated with tax increases and not growing the economy and not investing in the growth of nation, which I've been committed to for 26 years in the Senate.

MODERATOR Thank you.

This question will go first to Governor Richardson, for 60 seconds.

China is often called the United States' banker, because it holds so much of the federal debt. Given that, how should we manage our complicated relationship with China differently than we are now?

LOSER Well, for one, we should have a relationship that's based on a recognition that China is a strategic competitor. Our relationship with China today is clearly one-sided.

LOSER I'd be tougher with China when it comes to trade. I'd be tougher with China when it comes to human rights. They need to be doing a lot more on genocide in Darfur. They need to be doing more in Burma. They need to take steps where they protect their workers, where they have constitutional elections.

Now, at the same time, we also have to make sure that China trades on an equitable basis with the United States. We ought to ban all these toys they're bringing in. We ought to ban some of the food -- the contaminated food they're bringing in.

But we must recognize, too, that China's a major power, and we have to have an important strategic relationship with them.

So what I would do is I would be stronger, as I said, with China when it comes to human rights, when it comes to trade. I would tell them that they cannot continue playing around with currencies, because they control a large part of our debt. A large part of our $9 trillion debt is commercial banks in China.

It would be a stronger relationship with American leadership.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, my colleagues have talked about China being a competitor. Competitors normally are operating under the same rules.

LOSER I don't mind competing with someone, but as long as we're all operating by the same rules.

This is more of an adversarial relationship. It has to be identified as such.

When you have the Chinese government, as they just did, even make it more difficult for us to access even entertainment; not to mention, of course, the intellectual property theft that goes on on a daily basis; here you're still using slave labor; you manipulate your currency to give you a 40 percent advantage over our manufacturers and our people working in this country here; that's no longer just a competitor. That's a very different relationship.

Now, it's obviously important not to get bellicose. I agree with Bill. Obviously this is very important relationship for us in the 21st century.

But I think Americans are tired of this conversation, somehow, that it's business as usual. It's not.

We don't have the same access to their shelves, to our services that we'd like to sell in their country. They're very, very restrictive here.

We need to get a lot tougher on this -- fair -- not loud, but fair, if we're going to have a better relationship. Or before long, this will no longer be the most desirous market for them and we will have disadvantaged our country substantially.

This is a major, major issue that needs to be addressed with a lot more thoughtfulness than it's getting today.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Clinton, is too much of the federal budget going to entitlements -- too much of the federal budget? I mean, if so, how do we change entitlements for their future so we keep the promises made to Americans living today? And if it's not a problem in your view, tell us why not.

One minute, please.

LOSER Well, it is a problem. It's a particular problem with Medicare, where we have a very immediate set of challenges. It's a longer-term problem with Social Security. We have to deal with both.

Part of that is getting back to fiscal responsibility. Part of it is reforming government programs.

You know, Medicare is especially vulnerable because the costs are going up so quickly. That's why we do need to give Medicare the right to negotiate for lower drug prices with the drug companies.

That's why we need to rein in the excess payments to the HMOs. They're getting paid $1,000 more per patient than what your doctor would get just being on a personal relationship with you.

LOSER We've got to have a health care reform like the one that I have proposed, the American Health Choices Plan, that will bring costs down. I have very aggressive cost-reduction measures. That will help Medicare.

And with respect to Social Security, I think that the best way we're going to deal with the long-term challenges is when I'm president to convene a bipartisan commission, because Republicans and Democrats are going to have to agree to make the changes that are necessary.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Biden, would you answer that, too, for one minute?

LOSER Yes.

Entitlements will be a problem if we don't act. But the solutions are within our capacity.

Social Security is an entitlement program. By lifting the cap in Social Security, it'll be solvent as long as any young person in this auditorium, no matter how young they are, number one.

Number two, Hillary touched the points about Medicare. Medicare, in fact, it's cost. It's not new benefits, it's cost.

LOSER And the whole idea there is that the combination of the $10 billion we're overpaying HMOs a year, the combination of prescription drug costs being able to be negotiated by the federal government for Medicare, and the combination of modernizing the system so you deal with chronic disease and others which it's estimated we could save over $100 billion a year in Medicare -- in Medicare, if we'd made all these modernizations and changes.

So it is within our capability to do it. The question is, you got to act. And this is all about action. And I think they're totally within our capacity to do both of those things.

MODERATOR I'm going to let Senator Obama and Governor Richardson answer this. Thirty seconds please, and then we need to move on.

WINNER Well, just to emphasize how important prevention and cost savings can be in the Medicare system, it's estimated if we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system $1 trillion.

So many of the reforms that I've suggested in my health care plan will reduce costs not just for the overall system, but also for Medicare.

WINNER But one thing I have to say We are not going to make some of these changes unless we change how business is done in Washington.

The reason that we can't negotiate for prescription drugs under the Medicare Prescription Drug Plan is because the drug companies specifically sought and obtained a provision in that bill that prevented us from doing it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER And unless we change that politics, we're going to continue to see the waste that we're seeing in the entitlement programs.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER I believe universal health care is a human right for every American. And one-third of all of our health care budget, $2.2 trillion -- one-third of that goes to administration and bureaucracy, failure to have electronic records. That has to shift to direct care.

But prevention is going to be the key. You mentioned Medicare 33 percent of Medicare costs are, today, related to diabetes. We got to have an elimination, as I did in New Mexico, of junk food in schools. We need to have mandatory phys ed.

LOSER We have to be a country that does research on stem cell research, on autism, on heart disease, on chronic diseases, on cancer.

We spend $6 billion on cancer this year -- in one year. That's two weeks of the Iraq war. That shows the misguided priorities that we have in this country.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Periodically throughout the debate today we're going to give each of the candidates 30 seconds to make a free open statement. The campaigns drew for the order of these statements, and we're going to hear from the first two candidates now, Senator Obama and then Senator Edwards.

WINNER Thank you, Carolyn.

You know, 40 years ago, Dr. King challenged America to act on what he called the fierce urgency of now.

And I feel that urgency today. Our nation's at war. The planet's in peril. And Americans and Iowans are working harder and harder just to keep pace.

Now, I am confident that we can meet these challenges. I believe we can provide better economic security, that we can restore our standing in the world, and that we can make sure that our children have a brighter future.

WINNER But we can only do it if we have the courage to change, if we can bring the country together, if we can push back against the special interests, and if we level with the American people about how we're going to solve our problems.

That's the kind of campaign I've tried to run, and that's the kind of president I intend to be.

I ask that all of you caucus for me.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards?

LOSER We've got so much at stake in this election. You know, what makes America America is at stake jobs, the middle class, health care, preserving the environment in the world for future generations.

But all those things are at risk. And why are they at risk? Because of corporate power and corporate greed in Washington, D.C.

And we have to take them on. You can't make a deal with them. You can't hope that they're going to go away. You have to actually be willing to fight.

And I want every caucus-goer to know I've been fighting these people and winning my entire life. And if we do this together, rise up together, we can actually make absolutely certain, starting here in Iowa, that we make this country better than we left it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Leave it better than we started.



LOSER Whatever. Translation (inaudible).

MODERATOR We all knew what you meant.



LOSER I thought you did.

MODERATOR Well, I want to come back to some other issues affecting the American economy. You'll have 45 seconds to answer these.

Some of our big trading partners commit human rights violations. Considering that poverty and abuse are also often blamed for fostering terrorism, how should we alter trading policies with these countries?

Senator Biden?

LOSER We should hold them accountable. Every new trade agreement -- and I voted against them all since CAFTA, including CAFTA -- every new trade agreement should have built into it what we all talk about. We talk about environmental standards and labor standards, but we talk about it in terms of preserving jobs here, which is important. But it's also about human rights.

How are we possibly helping a third world country, a developing country by signing an agreement with them knowing that they're going to exploit workers, they're going to exploit their own citizenry either with -- by polluting their lungs or their drinking water and/or putting them in a position where they're getting paid a couple bucks a week?

LOSER So it should be a condition to every trade agreement that we engage in.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I believe that human rights is a fundamental tenet of American foreign policy and therefore trade policy. And I'm going to be very specific.

What we need to do is impose trade sanctions when a country violates human rights and doesn't hold elections, as we should be doing and we're doing in Burma, as we're doing in Sudan, as we probably should consider doing with China.

But also I think in any future trade agreement we've got to specify that every nation that we trade with and have a trade agreement has to follow international core labor standards no child labor, no slave labor, the right of freedom of assembly, collective bargaining, the opportunity to make sure that there's job safety, that there's some kind of wage parity too, and also environmental protection, air quality standards.

LOSER This is what's important. These are our values.

We have to transmit our democratic values of equality and freedom and human rights when it comes to our trade policy, when it comes to our national security policy, and when it comes with us doing business abroad, to promote American trade and exports and get more jobs for our people.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, I go back and, again, talking timing, the Harkin amendment adopted a number of years ago, back when we thought human rights in the Carter administration had some value. He was a strong supporter of it then.

Then we walked away from it. We paid a price for it.

Too often people identify and think that human rights and security are composing (sic) interests here. They're actually the same interest.

LOSER Our job is supposed to advance the security of our country. We do it in no better and stronger fashion than by talking about these universal rights which we embrace in this country here.

So, it ought to be part of the seamless conduct of our foreign policy, not on some ad hoc basis where we apply it one place but not another.

It needs to be understood at the very beginning from my presidency here that if you're going to do business with the United States, human rights is fundamentally important. We care about it, the world cares about.

And that's one way to enhance our reputation, restore our footing and moral authority in the world here by insisting that this be a part of that seamless conduct of the nation's foreign policy.

MODERATOR I feel like I still owe Senator Edwards some time here in the mix here, so, if you want to take this on, and then I think we're going to move on and the rest of you will have a chance here in a couple minutes.

LOSER Well, what I would say is human rights should be central to the way America engages with the rest of the world, should be central to our trade policy.

But if you look at what's happened with American trade policy -- you asked about China a few minutes ago. Look at what America got big corporations made a lot of money, are continuing to make a lot of money in China.

But what did America get in return? We got millions of dangerous Chinese toys. We lost millions of jobs.

LOSER And right here in Iowa, the Maytag plant in Newton closed. A guy named Dough Bishop, who I got to know very well, had worked in that plant and his family had worked in that plant literally for generations. And his job is now gone.

The same thing, by the way, happened in the plant that my father worked in when I was growing up.

It is so important that we stop allowing these corporate powers and corporate profits to run America's policy, whether it's trade policy, how we engage with China.

This is not good for America. It's not good for American jobs. And it's not good for working people in this country.

MODERATOR And so, a logical question -- Senator Clinton, I'd like you to answer this -- should NAFTA be scrapped or changed?

LOSER Well, it should be changed.

You know, I think it's important for us to look at the entire context here. You know, you have winners and losers from trade right here in Iowa people who are gaining because we're exporting and people who, John has rightly pointed out, have lost their jobs.

I want to be a president who focuses on smart, pro-American trade.

LOSER I will review every trade agreement. I'm going to ask for revisions that I think will actually benefit our country, particularly our workers, our exporters.

And I'm going to go to the international community and get the kind of enforceable agreements and standards on labor and environment that we have been seeking as Democrats.

Because we need to make it clear to the rest of the world that we are an open society, we believe in trade, but we don't want to be the trade patsies of the world. We want to have an equivocal (sic), balanced relationship.

And that's what I will do as president. And NAFTA will be part of that review, to try to reform and improve it.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, what do you think about that?

WINNER Well, there's no doubt that NAFTA needs to be amended. And I've already said that I would contact the president of Mexico and the prime minister of Canada, to make sure that the labor and environmental agreements are actually enforceable in the same way that patent protections and other things that are important to corporate America are enforceable.

But I did want to just go back, briefly, to the issue of trade and human rights that you had mentioned earlier.

WINNER I think that folks made a terrific point that we have to stand for human rights and that should be part of the trade equation.

It is harder for us to do it when we have situations like Guantanamo, where we suspended habeas corpus.

To the extent that we are not being true to our values and our ideals, that sends a negative message to the world and it gives us less leverage then when we want to deal with countries that are abusing human rights.

So I think it's part and parcel with a larger program of us restoring the traditions that made this country great and made us admired around the world.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Carolyn, can I just mention one thing here, by the way?

Just last evening, thanks to colleagues here, I authored legislation on sanctions on Darfur -- economic. It passed unanimously through the United States Senate last night. So there's some good news on these issues, and it's happening very quickly.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Now, let's hear free statements from the next two candidates, Senator Biden and then Governor Richardson. You have 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, you know, folks talk about this election being about experience or change. It's really about action and pragmatic solutions. And that's what I've done my whole career with the Violence Against Women Act, the crime bill, the Balkans, helping stop the genocide there.

And, ladies and gentlemen, you know, leadership is also about knowing who you are, what you believe, and what your priorities are, and what you'll do. In my case, I'll start by ending that war in Iraq.

And also trust the American people. They're ready. They're ready to get up.

There's a hymn in my church -- our church, some of us here -- that says, "May he raise you up on eagle's wings and bear you on the breath of dawn and let the light shine on you." It's time to raise this country up. The American people are genuinely ready to do that.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Well, I'm going to use my 30 seconds to thank the people of Iowa for putting us through this very good process of electing a president.



LOSER And I say that -- and I am going to focus on one issue, because I'm concerned about the fact that in the media and in the last debate, the Iraq war was not discussed.

And somehow we're losing sight that that's the most important, fundamental issue affecting our country, not just because we need to come together as a country and this war has divided us enormously, but also because the key to what we do and give health care a chance and education a chance and our kids a chance and creating jobs a chance -- and 38 Americans died in November, our troops.

We've got thousands -- over 60,000 -- with mental trauma and PTSD coming back. And we have a V.A. system that is responding.

This is such an urgent, fundamental issue. And I can tell you, as I've gone to every one of the 99 counties in Iowa, this is the number one issue affecting not just this country, but Iowa caucus- goers.

MODERATOR Thank you.

I want to take on a new issue.

Most of you have laid out plans to move toward energy independence. Those plans have cost attached and potential negative impacts, at least in the short-term.

For example, maybe more expensive cars, more expensive feed for livestock, impacts on coal-producing states.

So what would you do to turn it into a net benefit for the American economy, and how long might that take?

Senator Biden?

LOSER It'll take -- to begin it, it won't take long at all. We should increase the mileage for automobiles, require it. We should make sure that every new car sold in America beginning in 2009 is a flex-fuel automobile. We should be investing a great deal more in cellulosics research, because corn ethanol is not going to take us the whole way.

But the bottom line is You got to make it a fundamental priority. You got to say that we are going to make a major change.

LOSER And that requires a significant investment in alternative energy, renewable energy, moving from 2 percent to 20 percent by the end of this next decade, in 2020.

But the bottom line here is, the president's got to make this a moral crusade for the American people. We're going to have to sacrifice to be able to get by, and for the next couple of years, in order to be able to get a handle on the energy crisis.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I like to think that I've made my state a clean energy state. I was energy secretary. It's going to take an energy revolution.

And I regret that, this morning, the U.S. Senate, despite the best efforts of all here, killed an energy bill that would have given more tax credits and incentives to renewable energy.

And I think this is tragic. I think fuel efficiency standards in this country should be 50 miles per gallon, not 35. I think that's pathetic.

I think we need to have 30 percent renewable sources in all our electricity by the year 2020.

LOSER You asked about a year -- I think 2020. Reduce our consumption of oil by 50 percent by having flex-fuel vehicles -- 50 miles per gallon.

Also we need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. And I would do so by 90 percent with a cap-and-trade program.

But, most importantly, it's going to take the American people. And it's going to take a president on a bully pulpit asking the American people to sacrifice a little bit, and I will. And that means being more sensitive to mass transit, to appliances, to air conditioning, to the way we live.

And if we all do this without mandates, but we all do this, we can reduce our dependence on foreign oil, which is enormously unhealthy. Sixty-five percent of our oil is imported. We're paying close to $100 per -- to OPEC today.

This has to be an energy revolution led by a president.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, can you try that in 30 seconds?



LOSER Well, first of all, you're starting here. You've had wonderful efforts here. Governor Vilsack started, Governor Culver with the power fund he adopted with the state legislature this year. It's a great step forward.

LOSER One state making a difference.

We're borrowing a billion dollars every single day to buy foreign oil -- a billion dollars every day. We're not going to wish ourselves out of this problem here. I'm the only candidate on this forum here who's advocated a corporate carbon tax.

Now, I'm fully aware of the implications of suggesting a tax. But it's not enough to state the goals. We've got to have the courage to stand up and tell you how you get their.

And until you deal with the price differentials here, cheaper fuel is always going to win out, unfortunately. So you need to be able to tax this carbon, which is killing us and killing this planet.

And I'm pleased that Al Gore, Bill Bradley have called our plan the most honest and bold of the energy plans here. This is the best gift our generation can give to the next. But, if we're not honest about it and talk about it, it's going to be nothing more than a lot of speeches and nothing much will change.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I think it's imperative that we address this issue. And I think your question was, "Well, will how we do it effect the average American?"

Yes, it will. That's part of what we're going to have to tell people.

LOSER I advocate a cap-and-trade system. What I want to do with the auction of pollution permits is to take a lot of that money and invest it in new technologies, new ways of getting to our objectives that I've outlined in my energy plan.

I want to use some of it, though, to cushion the costs that will come onto the American consumer.

But it's not just enough to have an energy plan, not just enough to attack global warming. We've got to enlist the American people the way we did in a previous generation for the Apollo program.

As a little girl, I remember being thrilled about that and feeling that there was something I could do. My 5th grade teacher said it was to study math and science, but it gave me an idea of actually contributing to my country.

This has to call for a new form of American patriotism. So when people, particularly on the other side of the aisle, talk about how we will wreck the economy and impose all of these costs, that is what is happening right now.

We cannot sustain the current energy profile in this country. That's why we have to act. And we will act in a way that brings the country together and lifts us up and gives us a feeling that we are, once again, reaching for the stars, only we're going to do it right here on Earth.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER This is a moral imperative. I've got a 9-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old daughter. And I want to make sure that the planet is as beautiful for them as it was for me.

Now, what that means is, there are going to be some increases initially, in electricity prices, for example, if we have a cap-and- trade system.

Over time, technology will adapt because investors and people who are looking to make money will see that they can make money through green technologies. We're already seeing this. In Keokuk, they're just opening a plant right now that is going to provide 400 well- paying jobs to build wind turbines. And that's the promise of the future.

But, in order for this to happen, we've got to be courageous enough to not just talk about it in front of the Sierra Club, or organizations that are already sympathetic to us.

When I announced my proposal to increase fuel efficiency standards on cars, I went to Detroit, in front of the auto makers, and said they had to change their ways.

WINNER And I have to say, the room was really quiet...



... and nobody clapped.



But that's OK, because part of what the next president has to do is not just tell the American people what they want to hear; has to tell them what they need to hear.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you're the only one not in on this so far. Your turn.

LOSER Well, I want to get in.

I think, first of all, we need to recognize what the obstacles are to the change that everyone believes is necessary. And the obstacles are oil companies, power companies, all those entrenched interests that stand between America and the change that it needs.

And we do need a president who'll actually ask Americans to be patriotic about something other than war, who will say to America, for us to deal with these issues and deal with them in a serious way, whether it's cap-and-trade, whether it's carbon -- cap-and-trade is what I propose -- but either way, it's a serious effort to move America off its dependence on carbon-based fuels and deal with what I think is a moral crisis, which is the future of the planet for our children and our grandchildren.

LOSER We have a responsibility to future generations, an enormous responsibility. Twenty generations that came before us, our parents, our grandparents, and did everything they could do to leave America better than they found it and to make certain that their children had a better life than they've had.

That's what our responsibility is. Our moral responsibility is to rise up as a nation, with the right kind of president and the right kind of leadership, and go after these huge moral responsibilities that we're faced with.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Carolyn, do you want to ask us to raise our hands about global warming?

MODERATOR I wasn't...



LOSER It didn't get a very good response from Republicans yesterday.



MODERATOR I wasn't doing that today.

LOSER But we all want to be on record.



We believe in it.



We think it's a real problem.

MODERATOR The Senate, on Tuesday -- I'll ask you to raise your hands on this, how about that?



Not really, but you'll have a minute to talk about this. The Senate, on Tuesday, rejected a proposal to replace traditional subsidies for certain crops and shift to the money to conservation and nutrition and biofuels programs.

MODERATOR It would have replaced the subsidies with an insurance program tied to farm revenues.

Senators, none of you were there for the vote. How would you have voted and why?

You have one minute, starting with Senator Dodd.

LOSER I would have voted for it. I think Tom Harkin's been doing a terrific job in changing the direction -- the reforms in agriculture.

And the idea of encouraging more conservation, being good custodians of the land -- I often pointed out here as I travel around the state -- the people have reminded me that Iowa represents as much as 10 percent, maybe more, of the most fertile land in the world here. And the generation of Iowans here, all of us bear responsibility to see to it that this incredible world global resource is going to be preserved and protected.

So moving in a direction here that encourages the diversity of farming in the state, I think, makes a great deal of sense. It encourages conservation and alternative uses, ones that all of us ought to support, not only Iowans but across this country so that we preserve this very valuable resource for fiber, food and energy as you're developing here in this state.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I have made as a centerpiece for my world farm agenda that we lower the subsidies, that we cap the subsidies because too many of them are going to agribusiness.

WINNER We've got folks in Manhattan who are getting farm subsidies. We've got Fortune 500 companies who are getting farm subsidies. And as a consequence, family farms are getting squeezed up and you're seeing more and more consolidation. This is something you hear about all across rural Iowa.

So what I would do is I would cap those subsidies. I think we have to have a structure that provides protection to farmers from drought or collapse in market prices. But we have to take money that is saved, invest in conservation, invest in organic and alternative crops, invest in nutrition programs.

Through that process, we can not only save the land, but we can also improve the economic engines in a lot of these rural communities. And that is something that I'm absolutely committed to doing as president of the United States, but it's going to require overcoming the excess influence of agribusiness in Washington.

MODERATOR So would you have voted for or against the proposal Tuesday?

WINNER There were elements of the proposal on Tuesday that I think did not make the changes the way I would have approached it. So I probably would have voted against it.

But there was a vote today that I voted for that would have capped the subsidies so that it wouldn't be going to these folks who don't deserve it.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER I would have voted for it. Look, you know, one of the interesting things, the first time I ever came out to Iowa was with Senator Culver on his first campaign in '74.

And one thing seems different now. You ride across this magnificent state and you see so much open land -- and so few farmers. It's kind of fascinating.

You know, you'd think you'd see a farmhouse every, you know, 800 acres or so. But the irony is, this is all about How do you preserve family farmers? Only 550,000 of them left.

LOSER And if you continue the system the way it is, it's breaking the system. It's going to just flat break the system.

And the cost of, you know, the cost of an acreage has gone up with these excessive payments -- the fact that we're not focusing on the things which the farm program started out to focus on, helping farmers in distress and being the balance -- the ballast when the market was out of whack.

It's gotten all -- it's gotten all out of whack. And so it seems to me that we need a radical change. Tom is working hard on that. But I would have voted for it, and I voted for the -- I voted today the same way Barack and all the rest of us did to maintain -- to lower the caps. And...

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, how would you have voted?

LOSER Well, I think you're referring to the Lugar-Lautenberg bill. And I have been following Senator Harkin's lead on what needs to be done with the farm bill.

LOSER So I would have voted against that and then voted as I did today for the limit on subsidies.

But this really goes beyond a particular amendment. There's so much that we could do that would really help family farmers and help rural development. I've got a dozen or so of my family farmers from New York traveling around Iowa today, talking to family farmers about what I've been trying to do to open up more markets, to give more support, to see rural economic development more broadly.

So we do need a farm bill, and Tom Harkin's been working like a Trojan to get done. And he's making progress but he keeps getting beaten back all the time on conservation, on environment stewardship, on subsidy limits.

And, when I'm president, we're going to finally make these changes. Because I believe that if we don't, we're going to see, increasingly, our family farmers as an endangered species. That's not good for any of us.

So I'm going to do everything that I can to get to a point where truly have a farm policy for family farmers.

MODERATOR I'm going to save that question for the senators in the room and we're going to move on, I'm afraid.

I want to have the last two 30-second candidate statements. The next two Senator Clinton first and then Senator Dodd.

LOSER Everywhere I go across Iowa, I'm impressed by the people I meet and touched by the stories they tell me, especially the first-time caucus-goers. And every one wants change.

Well, everybody on this stage has an idea about how to get change. Some believe you get change by demanding it. Some believe you get it by hoping for it.

I believe you get it by working hard for change. That's what I've done my entire life. That's what I will do as president.

I will end the war in Iraq and bring our sons and daughters home. I will get quality, affordable health care for every single American. And will not rest until every child has a chance to live up to his or her God-given potential.

So I hope you will go caucus for me on January 3rd. Stand up for me and I'll stand up for you during this campaign and when I'm in the White House.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, first of all, thank you, Carolyn.

First of all, let me begin by, on behalf of Jackie and my children, thanking Iowans. We've been warmly and graciously received here over the last number of months and we're very grateful to the state for all of that.

One of the things I try to do in this campaign is to talk about positive ideas and also about results here. Because I think Iowans, like other Americans, want to know not only what you're going to do, but give us some sense of confidence and optimism that you've got a record of actually achieving ideas that brings people together Republicans, Democrats, independents.

It's what I've done for 26 years, as the author of the Family Medical Leave Act, the first children's caucus, working to bring Democrats and Republicans together.

I'm a former Peace Corps volunteer and I served in the military. I'm the only candidate to have done both those -- both those public service. And we believe very strongly that that kind of background and history contributes as well to the decision-making that a president must make.

So on January 3rd, we ask for your vote. This isn't about wealth or celebrity; it's about choosing the best candidate who can win and who will lead our country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

I want to move to another topic that affects Americans' ability to compete in a global economy, and that's education.

MODERATOR Please describe the key features of what you consider to be the best education system in the world. And tell us your goals and timetable for making U.S. schools among the best.

Senator Edwards? One minute.

LOSER The starting place is to get the children young and get them on the right track, which is why we ought to have universal pre-K for four-year-olds in America.

We also should go younger than that, to deal with the nutrition, health needs, child care needs of younger children, based on some models that have been developed here in Iowa and also in my state of North Carolina.

I think we ought to have a national teaching university, where we attract the smartest, brightest young people in America to this university -- just like the Naval Academy -- and we pay for their education, and they go out to the places in America where we do desperately need them.

I think we ought to give bonus incentive pay to teachers who are willing to go to the most difficult places.

We need to radically change No Child Left Behind. And if that doesn't work, we should get rid of it. But there are huge changes that are needed in No Child Left Behind.

And we need second-chance schools, because in so many places in America, we still have two public school systems.

LOSER I mean, I would never have been able to do what I've done in this country had I not had a great public school education. It was the foundation for everything that I've done.

And what you see in America, is you see very wealthy suburban schools that get everything they need, and then poor rural schools, poor inner city schools that are struggling, having an extraordinarily difficult time.

I am committed to doing something to create one school system that works for everybody.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I would make education one of the top priorities, if not the top priority, as president.

And I would start early preschool for every child under 4. You get the kids before you're 4. Full-day kindergarten; that is desperately needed.

You talked about a timetable. I would say that within 15 years, America becomes number one again in science and math in K-12. We're 29th in the world.

LOSER I would hire 100,000 new science and math teachers. I would create science and math academies. I would revise and strengthen the high school curriculums, with local control.

Here's my position on No Child Left Behind. I don't think you can reform it. I'd scrap it. It's got to go. It's a burden on schools. It's an unfunded mandate. It hurts all kinds of kids in achievement.

What else would I do? I would recognize that the key to our educational system is a good teacher, and we disregard our teachers, we disrespect them, we don't pay them enough. I'd have a minimum wage starting salary of $40,000.

And then, finally, I would have art in the schools as a way to stimulate kids being stronger in science and math proficiency.

But if we're going to be competitive, if we're going to keep families together, if we're going to be a society that values unity, education is the key.

MODERATOR Governor, I do have to ask a follow-up question, and that is, what -- how should people look at the education in your state and where education ranks in your state and interpret from that what changes you would make in America?

LOSER Well, we've made enormous progress in my state. We were 49th in the world -- in the country in teacher salaries. We're 28th today. Educational achievement has increased.

You know, one of the problems with No Child Left Behind in my state is that we have 11 percent Native Americans, we have 42 percent Hispanic, very rural. And so it's very hard for that achievement gap to be narrowed.

Teacher training has increased in my school, teacher performance. Testing has dramatically improved. We've reduced the achievement gap.

I have to deal with this issue every day just like Governor Culver.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER I've dealt directly with some of these issues that affect our country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Obama?

WINNER A lot of good ideas have been mentioned.

Early childhood education, that will close the achievement gap that we see, particularly for minority children, because often times they are already behind when they start school.

Not just talking about how great teachers are, but giving them more money and more support.

Changing No Child Left Behind so that we're not just teaching to a test and crowding out programs like art and music that are so critical.

WINNER But you asked earlier about sacrifices that I'll ask from the American people.

One of the things that I want to do is get parents reengaged in instilling a sense of excellence in their children. And I've said this all across the country when I talk to parents about education Government has to fulfill its obligations to fund education, but parents have to do their job, too.

We've got to turn off the TV set, we've got to put away the video game and we have to tell our children that education is not a passive activity; it is something that you have to be actively engaged in.

If we encourage that kind of attitude and our whole community is reinforcing, then I have no doubt that we can compete with anybody in the world.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, 30 seconds please.

LOSER I've been asked probably a thousand times, "What's the single most important issue?"

LOSER It's not a very fair question, I suppose, given the importance of many issues.

But the answer I've given a thousand times is education. It's the key to everything who we are not only economically, individually and collectively, but our system of governance depends upon an educated population. And too often the accident of birth has determined the quality of your education.

I want to underscore what Barack just said. I agree with him totally. We've got to begin with parents. Parents are the first teachers, and too often we have 37 million people living in poverty and 12 million of those children, they don't ever get the right start.

I come from a family of teachers. One of my sisters just retired after 41 years teaching in the inner city of Hartford.

It is staggering what's happening to these kids. So it's going to take leadership in the country that talks about this, not just occasionally, but every single day, the importance of this underlying question as to who we are as a people.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you wanted in on that?

LOSER I do, because I've worked on behalf of education reform for a very long time, and I know that the president has a certain bully pulpit that can be used on behalf of education, to do exactly what Chris and Barack and others have said.

LOSER I'm privileged, you know, to have a family that supported me in education. My daughter's here today. Obviously, Bill and I were incredibly focused on her education.

So the federal government only pays 10 percent of the cost of public education. Let's use those dollars strategically. Let's do what we've said we were going to do.

How about funding special education, which we never have to the extent that we promised, putting a lot of burdens on states and local districts?

How about fully funding whatever we ask the local communities to do?

So I want to have a very holistic view of this, because if you go into a classroom today, it doesn't look like the 21st century in most instances, it looks very familiar to me, who was last in a classroom decades ago.

We've got to bring it in to the 21st century. And I will use both the bully pulpit and legislative and executive efforts to do that.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, I've already talked about education. You asked me about this at the beginning, I think.

But what I would add on to that is I think if you think about -- if you think about the period post-high school, post-K-12, post-early childhood education, there's such enormous work today to make sure the kids get to go to college, first of all.

LOSER What I've suggested is that any young person in America who's willing to work when they're in college, we pay for their tuition and books at a state university or community college.

And I also want us to think in a bigger way, in a more visionary way, about what we do, over the long term, to create an infrastructure that allows America's workforce, when they're 30, 35, 40, 45 to continue to be the best educated, most innovative workforce on the planet. This is something America needs.

MODERATOR OK. I mistook you for raising your hand again, so that was extra time.

Senator Biden?



LOSER Well, the reason my wife's not here today is she's teaching. She's been teaching and she teaches full-time. And she has her doctorate in education.

But you don't need a doctorate in education to know there's four things everybody out there knows we have to do.

LOSER Every parent knows it intuitively. Got to start kids at school earlier. You got to put them in smaller classes; the smaller the class, the better the outcome.

In order to do that, you need 100,000 more teachers. You got to pay teachers. In this economy, you have six out of 10 going into teaching leaving within five years because the pay's not competitive. And, lastly, you got to provide access to college, and that costs money. And we can easily pay for it. It's about our priorities.

MODERATOR Thank you.

In light of the big needs and the financial realities we've talked about up to this point, what realistically do you believe you could accomplish in your first year as president?

We're going to go down the line. I'll ask you to each keep this to 30 seconds.

Senator Obama?

WINNER I will call in the Joint Chiefs of Staff and tell them they have a new mission, which is to, in a responsible, careful way, end this war in Iraq, bring our combat troops home. I will initiate the kind of diplomacy that's necessary to stabilize the country and the region as we're pulling out.

WINNER Number two, I'll call in my new attorney general to review every single executive order that's been issued by George Bush. And any of those that have undermined our Constitution or subverted our civil liberties are going to be reversed.

Number three, we're going to have an open conversation with all the key players in the health care arena to make sure that we are moving forward on a plan to provide coverage to every single American, and to save money so that we can actually afford it over the long haul.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Biden, 30 seconds.

LOSER I'm going to call the Joint Chiefs of Staff in and tell them to implement the Biden plan, which the United States Senate voted overwhelmingly for to end the war in Iraq, and the Congress is about to vote for it, as well -- and most international leaders have endorsed it.

Secondly, I would, in my inaugural address, make it clear to the world that we are abandoning the Bush policy with regard to torture, the Bush policy with regard to renditions, the Bush policy with regard to holding prisoners.

And, thirdly, I believe by picking things Americans value most and we can undertake -- take on the interest groups the quickest on, I would insure every single child in America, provide catastrophic health insurance for every child in America before the first year is out on the way to universal health care.

LOSER And, lastly, I would in fact implement the preschool education proposal that I have here to get it done. I think I'd get that done in the first year.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor?

LOSER The first year -- I'd end the war. All troops out within a year. No residual forces. A specific plan.

I'd make a major effort to pass the first year, and I think we could -- universal health care will take two or three years to implement. I'd announce an energy revolution, because I think this is one of the most urgent domestic and national security priorities, to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.

And then what I would do is I would simply say to the American people, as your president, I'm going to follow the Constitution of the United States. And that means the bringing back habeas corpus, not using torture as a tool in our foreign policy; rejoining the Geneva Conventions.

LOSER That means, too, not eavesdropping on our own citizens. That means restoring ourselves as a nation that is going to respect the balance between the executive, the legislative, and the judicial branch; that we're going to be the conscience of the world, not...

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER ... the world's policeman.

MODERATOR Thank you. That was longer than Senator Biden's answer.



Senator Dodd?

LOSER I think he's colorblind. I don't -- I'm really not sure.



MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER It's going to be -- it's going to be a long year, I can see, now.





The first thing I'd try and do, look, is change the discourse, the shrillness of the discussion in this country.

We're divided as a country, as we're (inaudible) here, by the political leadership. That has to change. Every other subject matter we're talking about depends upon having a president that will change the nature of our conversation.

We care about the same things. We want the same things. We've got leadership that appeals to the divisions, not the unity we all feel as Americans.

LOSER I've said the very first day, I'll do whatever I can by executive power to give you back your Constitution.

I've been campaigning on it daily for the last year and a half, been active trying to legislate in this area.

Certainly, the war, but also a robust diplomacy in the Middle East as well. It isn't just about ending the war; it's about engaging in a constructive and positive way to offer some hope for people.

And I won't wait until January 20th on health care, energy policy. A week after the election, I'll convene people to begin talking about the stakeholders coming together to shape a policy that will give us answers on those two issues.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, as I'm listening, there are an awful lot of promises being made in the first year of the presidency.

I think people deserve to know the truth We're faced with huge, huge challenges. And all the things that we want to do -- and I will end the war; I'll close Guantanamo; I'll restore people's civil liberties; and I'll begin the process of fighting for health care reform -- universal health care, attacking global warming.

But none of those things are going to happen unless we have a president of the United States who calls on the American people to join together to take this democracy and take this country back.

LOSER Because what's happening in America today is absolutely clear We have a small group of entrenched interests, corporate powers, corporate greed, the most wealthy people in America who are controlling what's happening in the democracy, and we have to take it back...

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER ... starting right here in Iowa.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I'm going to be busy because I know how important it is to get started and get started quickly.

So I will begin to end the war in Iraq and bring all of our troops home. I will send bipartisan emissaries around the world with a very simple message The era of cowboy diplomacy is over.

We're going to start working together to try to find common ground wherever possible. I will review every executive order, rescind those that undermine the Constitution and betray the rule of law, and issue some, like, for example, not interfering with science and ending Bush's war on science.

I'll ask the Congress to send me everything that Bush vetoed, like stem cell research and the Children's Health Insurance Program, and begin to prepare my legislative and budget proposals for the Congress, because you have to move quickly in order to get off to a good start, and that's what I intend to do.

MODERATOR Thank you.

We're going to shift gears a bit. Voters have told us that character and leadership qualities matter as much or more than many issues. The next set of questions is entirely about character and leadership, and you'll have a minute to answer.

Senator Clinton, during your time as first lady, there were criticisms that your process to develop your health care plan was too closed and secretive. Some Iowans we hear from are worried that your presidency would operate the same way.

As president, how would you ensure that your administration doesn't hold -- withhold information from the public even if it gave ammunition to your critics?

LOSER Well, I learned a lot from that experience. And, clearly, one of the principal lessons is that you have to have a very strong communication strategy. And we didn't do that.

And I have certainly learned from that during the remaining years in the White House when I helped to create the children's health insurance program and did a lot of other work with the Clinton administration and, of course, now in the Senate.

LOSER I want to have an open and transparent government. I have put forth very specific plans for how I would reform the government, put as much as we can on the Internet.

Now we've got this tool, let's use it. Let's have as much sunlight as we possibly can gather.

Let's also make sure that we have an administration that works with the Congress instead of stonewalling and denying legitimate requests for information and witness testimony and all the rest that this administration, unfortunately, has done.

I think it's also very important that we end the revolving door of lobbyists, that we move toward public financing. I've signed on to Russ Feingold's bill because I think it is the best piece of legislation to try to make those changes.

So I'm very committed to open, transparent government. And I've learned a lot and I think I can apply those lessons.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Biden, you in your campaign have had a number of occasions to correct or clarify things you've said relating to race, including your remarks about Senator Obama being, quote, "clean and articulate"; your comment about Indians working a 7-Eleven; and recently to The Washington Post, in which you spoke about race, while describing disparities between schools in Washington, D.C., and Iowa.

MODERATOR Do these gaffes or misunderstandings or however you would characterize them indicate you're uncomfortable talking about race or are people just being too sensitive?

LOSER I think that I have my whole career, I got involved in public policy, I got involved in politics because of the civil rights movement. It's the overwhelming core of my support in my home state. I get the overwhelming majority, over 95 percent of the vote of minorities in my state.

I may have phrased those things wrongly, but when I talked about the Indian population what I was making the point was they're building families, they're coming buying businesses, 7-Elevens and Dunkin' Donuts and small shops, just like those Italian immigrants used to do, and they're building families.

LOSER The point I was making about inner-city Washington was a point that Barack just made. Barack made the point -- he said that minorities start off at a disadvantage. They start off with a gap, and achievement gap that exist before they even walk into school -- minorities.

And so I was making the same point. It may be possible because I speak so bluntly that people misunderstand. But no one who knows me in my state, no one who I've worked with in the United States Congress has ever wondered about my commitment to civil rights and civil liberties.

And if you take a look at my record as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee -- excuse me, of the Judiciary Committee -- ranking member and chairman for 16 years. Starting with the Voting Rights Act and worked us right through to voting against Constitutional Amendments on bussing, when bussing was taking place in my state.

My credentials are as good as anyone who's ever run for president of the United States on civil rights.

LOSER Here, here!



MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I just want to -- I just wanted to make the comment I've worked with Joe Biden.

WINNER I've seen his leadership. I have absolutely no doubt about what is in his heart and the commitment that he's made with respect to racial equality in this country.

So I will provide some testimony, as they say in church...



... that Joe is on the right side of the issues and is fighting every day for a better America.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards, you've talked about reducing the power of wealth and special interests, the same groups often responsible for getting things done in Washington, too.

How will you accomplish your agenda after spending a lot of months calling these groups corrupt?

LOSER Well, here's what I believe. What I believe is that there are very well-financed insurance companies, drug companies, oil companies; some people argue that we're going to sit at a table with these people and they're going to voluntarily give their power away.

LOSER I think it is a complete fantasy. It will never happen. I don't think anybody in America wants to se politicians fighting with each other. But I think they understand that we have an epic battle in front of us to do what needs to be done for all the American people.

All the things that we've talked about today -- health care, attacking global warming, doing something about a tax policy that favors big corporations and the richest Americans, doing something about our trade policy -- every single one of those things depends on winning this battle.

We cannot do it if we don't win this battle. And all I would say is, I've been fighting these people, big corporations, for 20 years in court rooms and then in public life. I have been fighting them my entire life. And I have been winning my entire life.

And if you want a fighter, to voters, to caucus-goers, you are looking at somebody -- I'm 54 years old -- who has spent his entire life engaged in this fight and winning this fight that we must win to be able to do the things that we want to do for this country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Dodd, you write in your book that you still struggle with the memories of when your father, former Senator Thomas Dodd, was censured by the Senate in 1967 for alleged misuse of campaign money.

MODERATOR How much are you motivated in your run for president by a desire to restore the Dodd family name that was hurt by the censure?

LOSER I'm motivated by my family because of their public service. About a week or two before my father passed away some 40 years ago, he was asked by a reporter, Carolyn, if he'd do it all over again in light of his lost election and what had happened to him. I'll never forget sitting in the room and hearing his answer that day. He said he'd do it again in a minute.

He started the first National Youth Administration in my home state of Connecticut in 1933 as part of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal.

He said there's no other calling in life where you can do as much for as many people as you can through public service. Lawyers only have so many clients, doctors only so many patients, but a well- intentioned public servant can make a difference in the lives of millions of people.

That's my motivation. I want to carry that tradition on.

LOSER That's why I'm running for president.

MODERATOR Thank you.



Governor Richardson, you promote your experience as energy secretary among your credentials. During that time, though, there were serious questions about lax security at the country's national labs, allegations that scientist Wen Ho Lee breached security at Los Alamos.

You told Tim Russert in May, "We had some issues with the nuclear secrets issue and Wen Ho Lee, but I think on the whole I was a good energy secretary."

In this era when Americans are fearful about our national security, talk about that part of your resume.

LOSER And I will add that in 25 years in public service there are probably many more other mistakes that I've made. But I want to say to you that when it was with Wen Ho Lee, this was the issue of protecting our nuclear secrets. And he did plead guilty.

I do feel that he was incarcerated in solitary confinement.

LOSER This was wrong. I tried to change it. But I didn't work hard enough.

The point is that we do have in all of our lives, as a congressman, as a U.N. ambassador, as a candidate, I've made a lot of gaffes -- and I'm glad you didn't raise them.



But, you know, I'll stand -- I'll stand behind my record as energy secretary. I brought compensation to workers that had beryllium and other contamination. I brought forth a renewable portfolio standard, the first one, that says electricity has to be renewable in this country. We made air conditioning 30 percent more energy efficient.

There are some cases -- the Wen Ho Lee -- where I wish I'd been stronger. But I don't apologize for trying to protect our nuclear secrets. And we should have done a lot more.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Obama, you have Bill Clinton's former national security advisor, State Department policy director and Navy secretary, among others, advising you.

MODERATOR With relatively little foreign policy experience of your own, how will you rely on so many Clinton advisors and still deliver the kind of break from the past that you're promising voters?



WINNER Well, the -- you know, I am...



LOSER What are you laughing at?



WINNER Well, Hillary, I'm looking forward to you advising me, as well.





I want to gather up (inaudible) from everywhere.

You know, we haven't talked too much about the war, but one of the points that I've tried to make during the course of this year during the campaign is, I want to change the mindset that got us into war.

Because I think that since 9/11, we've had a president who essentially fed us a politics of fear and distorted our foreign policy in profound ways.

WINNER And I think that there are a lot of good people, in the Clinton years, the Carter years, George Bush I, who understand that our military power is just one component of our power.

And I revere what our military does. And I will do whatever it takes, as commander in chief, to keep the American people safe. But I know that part of making us safe is restoring our respect in the world.

And I think those who are advising me agree with that. And part of the agenda that we're putting forward, in terms of talking not just to our friends but also to our enemies, initiating contacts with Muslim leaders around the world, doubling our efforts in terms of foreign aid -- all those are designed to create long-term security by creating long-term prosperity around the world.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Time is getting a little short now, so the answers to these questions will need to be 30 seconds or less.

As president, would you use signing statements to assert that certain acts of Congress conflict with your interpretation of the Constitution and your obligation to enforce those laws?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, 30 seconds.

LOSER I would use them the way presidents before this president used them. They were used to clarify the law to perhaps make it more coherent with other laws that have been passed.

And along came President Bush. He's used them as essentially a from of veto. He did it through a piece of legislation I passed, where it was pretty simple. I said If you're going to have a FEMA director, it should be somebody with experience handling emergencies.



I know. Who would think that it would be a complicated issue And we actually had to pass it through the Congress. And when George Bush signed the bill it was part of, he specifically used a signing statement to say, "I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to."

So let's quit with all of the perversion of the Constitution and the role of law. Let's get back to what presidents did in both parties and, hopefully, remove the legacy of George W. Bush.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, thirty seconds on that.

LOSER Well, it is true that Bush has -- not only in the use of signing statements, but in every conceivable way, expanded the executive power. And this is not the way our founding fathers intended this government to operate.

And what I will do is go back to the way signing statements have been used historically.

And on top of that, I'm going to make absolutely certain that our three branches of government are in fact co-equal. We don't have a royal presidency. We don't have a king of the United States of America. Whatever George Bush thinks, he is not king.

And it's important for the American people to understand that their president respects them and understands that the Oval Office and the White House and the presidency doesn't belong to one person. It belongs to the American people.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Well, we're all about to get the hook, so I'm going to get us down to the end. Tell us your new year's resolution for 2008.

We're going to start with Senator Clinton and just go down the line.

MODERATOR And you have 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, my New Years' resolution is multi-part, as you might guess. You know, I have a lot of things that I think about resolving. And, you know, there are personal sides to it -- obviously, spending time with my family, trying to do what some of my colleagues do religiously, and that's exercise.

But I'm also resolved to do the very best job I can in this campaign, to rebuild the optimism and confidence of the American people, to run a campaign that the Democrats can be proud of and that independents and Republicans can support, and then to go into the White House with the country behind me, and ready to serve.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards?

LOSER To remember that in the midst of political hoopla, the glorification of politicians and presidential candidates, that somewhere in American tonight, a child will go to bed hungry; somewhere in America tonight, a family will have to go to the emergency room and beg for health care for a sick child; that somewhere in American today, a father who's worked for 30 or 40 years to support his family will lose his job.

LOSER And if that's what's at stake in this election. What's not at stake are any of us. All of us are going to be just fine no matter what happens in this election.

But what's at stake is whether America is going to be fine.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, again, the motivation of standing before you today and running for the presidency, I want to see our country regain its optimism and its confidence, a sense of hope about its future. I want to see us regain our moral authority around the world.

I'm deeply saddened today that -- and some of you say the word "Abu Ghraib" and "Guantanamo" -- we've moved from a generation where the word "Nuremberg" used to mean something. And I want to see us come back again to that wonderful sense about our future, that our best days are in front of us and not behind us.

Obviously, you'd have spend as much time as you can with your family. And then lastly, I have a New Year's wish that Iowans caucus, and you caucus correctly on January 3rd.



MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Well, my New Year's resolution is one that I have every year, and that's to lose weight, and I'm going to do it again.



LOSER But, you know, on a -- that's on a personal level. But, you know, I wish -- this is what I wish. I wish that the Congress and the president end their dysfunctional relationship and address the problems that affect this country -- health care, ending the war, torture, you know, energy. It just seems that everything they do, nothing ever happens.

And my last request is that I continue to stay positive. I think that we should, as Democratic candidates, stay positive, be optimistic, not tear each other down.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER The American people want to see us together debating the major issues affecting the country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Biden?

LOSER I make the same one every year remember where I came from.

You know, everything can -- your whole life can change in a split second. Things are always beyond your control.

LOSER And I just -- I, every year, make a resolution to try to remember what it was like when things were really bad, so that I enjoy -- treat my family, treat my colleagues, treat everybody the way they should be treated when things are good.

But just remember. Remember where you came from.

MODERATOR OK. Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I want to be a better father, be a better husband, and I want to remind myself, constantly, that this is not about me, what I'm doing today.

It's an enormous strain on the family. And yesterday I went and bought a Christmas tree with my girls. And we had about two hours before we had to fly back to Washington to vote. And the only reason that is worth that sacrifice is if somehow my participation in public life is having a broader impact on their lives and the lives of children all across the country.

WINNER And so I have to constantly remind myself not to be timid, not to be distorted by the fears of losing in order to make a real difference in the lives of the American people.

MODERATOR Thank you.

We're going to have one last question before we close, and we'll go back down the line.

You all have spent a extraordinary time in Iowa, and there is a lot of debate about Iowa's role in this process. What are the lessons from Iowa?

Twenty seconds.

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I want to thank the people of Iowa, because it's been a wonderful experience for me. I've eaten my way across the state.



Had a great time at the state fair. I've met so many wonderful people.

And I think the intimacy, the personal connection, the relationship building that I've experienced over this last year has just been extraordinary for me.

LOSER And I will never forget the people of Iowa. And I hope that I will be a good president for those people who believed in me.

MODERATOR Twenty seconds, Senator Edwards.

LOSER Well, the Iowa Caucuses are crucial for a very simple reason Because instead of seeing us for a few seconds on television, the Iowa Caucus-goers see us up close, in their living rooms and in townhall meetings, which means they can judge what I and they believe is crucial to the next president, which is having somebody who's honest and sincere and can be trusted, and having somebody who's driven, in their gut, by the fight to make sure that every single American no matter where they live or the color of their skin gets the same opportunity in this country.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, aside from enjoying everything on a stick at the Iowa fair...



... which is a great joy here, the thing I think I'll carry away the most is I love the independence and the notion that Iowans, I think this time, but historically as well, make up their own minds.

LOSER I mean, they're being told all the time by people who spend -- here deciding what you're going to do on a caucus night, and you have proven over and over and over again you make up your own minds. And that's a good thing for America.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor?

LOSER Well, I've studied the history of the Iowa caucuses. What I like best about Iowans is you like underdog.



And you like to shake things up. You don't like the national media and the smarty pants set telling you who's going to be the next president.



And just -- I've been enormously enriched personally by my contact with Iowans. You're tough, you scrutinize, you look into our eyes and our hearts, you know the issues. And I've been privileged to be part of this process. Now I hope you vote for me.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER Iowa deserves to be first, and the reason they do is because they take it so seriously.

LOSER I've never met a group of people whether in Mokokonah (ph) or Shenandoah or up in the north; wherever you are, people take it seriously. And you always treat us with respect.

I've never walked out of a place without someone, even who's not for me, saying, "Thank you for coming, Senator." You deserve to be first, and without you, this democracy is in trouble because it would all go to money.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I think that the Iowa caucuses give people a chance to lift the hood and kick the tires and take us out for a test drive.

But, you know, what I've been struck by is just the core decency of the American people. I think their instincts are good.

And sometimes they don't get the information they need, but when they're presented with good choices, they make the right decision. There's a generosity of spirit there that I think the next president can tap.

And I'm looking forward to doing well in the caucuses and looking forward to leading this country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

And that wraps us up.

You can find out more about this debate and yesterday's very exciting Republican debate at PBS.org and DesMoinesRegister.com.

I want to thank all of the candidates for being here, as well as our broadcast partner, Iowa Public Television, the studio audience, and everyone at home.

Happy holidays, everyone.


MODERATOR The new national intelligence estimate contains a major change. It says that Iran stopped its nuclear weapons program in the fall of 2003.

Today President Bush said that nothing's changed in light of the report. He said the NIE, the national intelligence estimate, doesn't do anything to change his opinion about the danger Iran poses to the world.

For all of you -- and let's go left to right across the radio dial -- do you agree with the president's assessment that Iran still poses a threat? And do you agree that the NIE's news shows that isolation and sanctions work?

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I'm relieved that the intelligence community has reached this conclusion, but I vehemently disagree with the president that nothing's changed and therefore nothing in American policy has to change.

I have for two years advocated diplomatic engagement with Iran, and I think that's what the president should do. He should seize this opportunity and engage in serious diplomacy, using both carrots and sticks.

I think we do know that pressure on Iran does have an effect. I think that is an important lesson. But we're not going to reach the kind of resolution that we should seek unless we put that into the context of a diplomatic process.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Clinton.

Former Senator Mike Gravel?

LOSER Iran's not a problem, never has been, never will be. What you're seeing right here is something very unique, very courageous. What the intelligence community has done is drop kick the president of the United States. These are people of courage that have watched what the president is doing, the on rush to war with Iran.

And so by releasing this information, which is diametrically opposed to the estimate that was given in '05, by showing that there is no information to warrant what the White House has been doing, they have now boxed in the president in his ability to go to war.

So my hat is off to these courageous people within the bureaucrats -- bureaucracy -- of the intelligence community.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Gravel.

Senator Barack Obama?

WINNER Well, I think Iran continues to be a threat to some of its neighbors in the region. So they're still funding Hamas, they're still funding Hezbollah, and those are things we have to be concerned about.

But it is absolutely clear that this administration and President Bush continues to not let facts get in the way of his ideology. And that's been the problem with their foreign policy generally.

They should have stopped the saber rattling; should have never started it. And they need, now, to aggressively move on the diplomatic front.

I have said consistently, since the beginning of this campaign, that it is important for the president to lead diplomatic efforts, to try to offer to Iran the prospect of joining the World Trade Organization, potential normalized relations over time, in exchange for changes in behavior. That's something that has to be pursued.

MODERATOR Senator Chris Dodd?

LOSER Well, again, this is 16 agencies that have drawn this conclusion. It wasn't just one. So it's a very compelling case that's been made here for exercising caution in pursuing what I've advocated and others have as well, and that is pursuing as much of a diplomatic solution to the problems that Iran poses -- and there are some. It would be foolish to say otherwise here.

But the important point is we can't do this unilaterally. And that's one of the dangers here. If we merely try to impose sanctions by ourselves, or other such efforts here, they will fail. It's very important to understand the linkage, obviously, not only between Iran, but Iraq and Iran, and our ability to build this kind of international support for efforts to convince Iran on a variety of issues to move in a different direction is being seriously compromised by our continued military presence in Iraq.

So there needs to be not only understanding what's written in this report, but simultaneously understanding that that universe -- that more multilateral approach is going to be hobbled and difficult, as long as we find ourselves bogged down in the Iraq situation.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Dodd.

Senator Joseph Biden?

LOSER With all due respect with anybody who thinks that pressure brought this about, let's get this straight. In 2003, they stopped their program.

You cannot trust this president. He is not trustworthy. He has undermined our security in the region. He has undermined our credibility in the world. He has made it more difficult to get cooperation from the rest of the world.

He has caused oil to go up roughly $25 a barrel, with a security premium, because of his threat of war.

It is outrageous, intolerable, and it must stop. The president of the United States -- it was like watching a rerun of his statements on Iraq five years earlier.

This -- Iran is not a nuclear threat to the United States of America. Iran should be dealt with directly with the rest of the world at our side. But we've made it more difficult now because who is going to trust us?

Who in Europe, who in China, who in Russia?

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Biden.

LOSER It's outrageous.

MODERATOR Senator John Edwards?

LOSER Thank you. What I believe is that this president, who, just a few weeks ago, was talking about World War III, he, the vice president, the neocons have been on a march to possible war with Iran for a long time.

LOSER We know that they've prepared contingency plans for a military attack. My view is that this has been going on since the famous axis of evil speech.

And the United States Senate had an important responsibility in standing up to him and stopping him on the vote on whether to declare the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization.

The president says we're in a global war on terror, and then he declares the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization and also a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction.

It's absolutely clear and eerily similar to what we saw with Iraq, where they were headed and there's a different approach, a smart approach, using our friends in Europe and the European banking system to deal with it.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Edwards.

Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER Just as five years ago I warned that there was no evidence that would merit war against Iraq and warned this country not to do it, so for the past few years I've been saying that there's no evidence that Iran had a nuclear weapons program.

And unfortunately, the president, just as he was able to convince some of my colleagues here to vote for the war against Iraq, despite the fact there wasn't any real evidence, so he has been able to get some of my colleagues here -- Senators Clinton, Obama and Edwards -- to say of Iran All options are on the table.

LOSER As a matter of fact, he's still saying that.

So we really need to switch to not just diplomacy, but my candidacy offers the American people someone for president who was right the first time.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressional Kucinich.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, as some of your opponents have noted, in September, you voted on a resolution involving the Iranian Revolutionary Guard which, among other things, called them proliferators of mass destruction.

In view of this latest intelligence estimate which says Iran's nuclear program was stopped in 2003, do you believe that's still true?

LOSER Well, there were other purposes for that resolution. It does label the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist organization. And there is evidence that they do support Hamas and Hezbollah, as Senator Obama just said; and, in addition, have until recently, been supplying weapons and technical advisers to various factions within Iraq.

Since that resolution passed, which was nonbinding and did not in any way authorize the president to take any action that would lead to war, our commanders on the ground in Iraq have announced that we've seen some progress from the Iranians backing off; no longer sending in weapons and materiel and beginning to withdraw their technical advisers.

MODERATOR Forgive me, are the Revolutionary Guards proliferators of mass destruction?

LOSER Well, many of us believe that.

You know, earlier this year Senator Edwards told an audience in Israel that the nuclear threat from Iran was the greatest threat to our generation. Back in 2004, Senator Obama told the Chicago Tribune editorial board that he would even consider surgical strikes by missiles to take out Iran's nuclear capacity.

So there was a very broadly based belief that they were pursuing a nuclear weapon.

MODERATOR Let's hear from the people you've just mentioned.

Senator Edwards, you remember saying that?

LOSER Well, first of all, Senator Clinton and I just have an honest disagreement about this, but a very strong disagreement.

I think it's very clear that Bush and Cheney have been rattling the saber about Iran for a very long time. And I said very clearly when this vote took place on the Iranian Revolutionary Guard that it was important for us to stand up to them.

MODERATOR But your remarks in Israel that Senator...

LOSER Everyone at the table would acknowledge that Iran represents a serious issue for the Middle East and...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Not everyone.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich does not, but...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Let me finish, if I can.

LOSER Let me characterize my own remarks.

LOSER If I can just finish, Dennis, for just a second -- but I do want it to be clear that, especially on an issue as big as Iran, it's very important for voters in Iowa, caucus-goers in Iowa, New Hampshire voters, to understand the differences.

LOSER And I do believe very strongly that it was important for us to stand up. Because what Bush and Cheney did after the vote in the Senate, is they declared the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization and a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, Senator Clinton's mention of the Chicago Tribune article back in 2004 I think is a little bit misleading. Because what I was specifically asked about was, if Iran was developing nuclear weapons, how could we respond? And in those situations, what I said is, We should keep options on the table.

But what I've been consistent about was that this saber-rattling was a repetition of Iraq, a war I opposed, and that we needed to oppose George Bush again. We can't keep on giving him the benefit of the doubt, knowing the ways in which they manipulate intelligence.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, we're going to have to take a break here. And we'll continue with our debate. We'll continue discussing Iran in just one minute.

MODERATOR Welcome back to the NPR news debate. We're with the Democrats in Des Moines, Iowa.

MODERATOR We're discussing Iran, the lessons learned from the war in Iraq.

A moment ago, when Congressman Kucinich objected to -- or interrupted the statement from Senator Edwards that everybody agrees Iran is a threat, you say, Congressman Kucinich, I misinterpreted your earlier remarks that Iran is not a threat.

LOSER All I did was raised my hand. I wanted a chance to respond. Thank you.

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER The point that Senator Clinton made was a valid point, with respect to the comments of Senator Obama and also the comments of Senator Edwards at the Herzliya conference.

See, when people say all options are on the table, as the three senators have, they actually encouraged President Bush and licensed his rhetoric.

And what I'm saying is that I'm the only one here who in Congress repeatedly challenged -- in every chance, in every legislation repeatedly challenged this mindset that said all options are on the table and that Iran had nuclear weapons programs.

MODERATOR OK. Fair enough.

LOSER And I'm the only one here who can make that claim.

MODERATOR Clarified.

Senator Chris Dodd, are all options on the table, or should they be on the table?

LOSER Well, certainly, under what circumstance we're talking about here, I think the vote in September is very important. We're all seeking to be the nominee of our party, seeking the presidency.

MODERATOR You're talking about the vote on the Kyl-Lieberman resolution -- amendment.

LOSER I am.

That's very important because it was a -- there are only about 20 of us here -- Senator Biden and myself were the only two on this table here that were confronted with that vote that voted against it, along with Senator Lugar, I might point, Senator Chuck Hagel and others -- Jim Webb -- who felt that this was -- the language of the resolved clause in that resolution, that nonbinding resolution, specifically eliminated any option except the military one.

And that kind of framework is exactly the thing you're going to hear back again, in my view, and the danger involved.

LOSER Those critical moments come periodically, but it demonstrates leadership on a critical issue such as this one.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Dodd.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you voted for it, Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I did, along with many others, including strong opponents of the Iraq war and the use of military force, like Senator Dick Durbin and Senator Carl Levin.

And all of us have said that if we thought that anything in that resolution gave even a pretense of legitimacy to President Bush taking any action, we wouldn't have voted that way.

In fact, a number of the Democrats worked furiously to clarify the meaning of that resolution.

The specifics about designating the Iranian Revolutionary Guard as a terrorist organization I believe fits into a broader diplomatic effort. I believe in aggressive diplomacy when it comes to Iran. And when you engage in aggressive diplomacy, you need both carrots and sticks.

And I think the designation provides one of those sticks that will give us a chance to make progress to where we could have a resolution.

MODERATOR I want you to hear what one of the sponsors of that resolution, Senator Joseph Lieberman, said about Iran and about the Revolutionary Guard, explaining that resolution when he spoke one month ago on All Things Considered.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

JOSEPH I. LIEBERMAN, I-CONN. Iran has crossed a red line. I mean, they are responsible for the killing of hundreds of American soldiers. And right now all that we, the United States, has done is to tell them -- show them the evidence that we have that they're doing it and tell them they've got to stop and they haven't.

So, now we have economic sanctions.

If that doesn't work, we really have to consider military action to stop them from doing it, perhaps by striking the bases around Tehran where we know they are training these Iraqi terrorists who go back to kill Americans.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, why not?

LOSER Well, first of all, diplomacy -- declaring a military group sponsored by the state of Iran a terrorist organization, that's supposed to be diplomacy?

And I would add, this has to be considered in the context that -- Senator Clinton has spoken about me; let me just respond -- this has to be considered in the context that Senator Clinton has said she agrees with George Bush terminology that we're in a global war on terror, then she voted to declare a military group in Iran a terrorist organization. What possible conclusion can you reach other than we are at war?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, your reply? And then we'll hear from Senator Gravel.

LOSER And so I have a very -- very different view about what you need to do to stand up to Bush.

MODERATOR We'll have a response from Senator Clinton and then Mike Gravel.

LOSER Well, I understand politics, and I understand making outlandish political charges, but this really goes way too far.

In fact, having designated the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization, we've actually seen some changes in their behavior.

There is absolutely no basis for a rush to war, which I oppose and have opposed for two years.

But there is also a recognition that the Iranians were supplying weapons that killed Americans, they were supplying technical assistance from the Quds Force, which is their special operations element.

So I think we've actually seen the positive effects of having labeled them a terrorist organization because it did change their behavior.

MODERATOR Mike Gravel, then Joe Biden.

LOSER There is no evidence. There is no evidence.

LOSER And they've produced none. Our military has no evidence and they've not produced any.

But let's -- I want to touch something that they're all giving license to; that there's something wrong with Iran supporting Hamas and Hezbollah.

These are two elected organizations. And why can't they give support to those organizations?

Israel doesn't want it. So why do they buy, hook, line and sinker, that they can't give aid to Hamas and Hezbollah?

We give unlimited aid to Israel. These people are fighting for their rights.

MODERATOR You -- you believe...

LOSER Is there something wrong with that?

MODERATOR We'll come back to your points in a moment. Senator Biden, you wanted to talk about the Al Quds brigade?

LOSER No, I wanted to talk about this issue. As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, I'm the only one at this table -- for the last four years, I've been laying out concrete alternatives to the Bush administration's policy.

The vote -- what everybody misunderstands, in my humble opinion, is the vote to declare the Quds Force and the Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization was not a view that could be established without question, number one.

Number two, it is self-defeating. The moment that declaration was made, oil prices jumped over $18 a barrel. The moment that declaration was made, every one of our friends, from Iraq to Pakistan, felt they had to distance themselves from us because it appears to be a war on Islam.

LOSER With all due respect to my colleagues, with the exception of Senator Dodd, they're not connecting the dots here. This matters and there's no evidence -- none, zero...

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER ... that this declaration caused any change in action on the part of the Iranian government.

MODERATOR Senator Barack Obama?

WINNER There was another problem with the resolution that we haven't spoken about, and that was that it suggested that we should structure, in some way, our forces in Iraq with the goal of blunting Iranian influence in Iraq.

Now, this is a problem on a whole bunch of fronts. But number one, the reason that Iran has been strengthened was because of this misguided war in Iraq.

We installed -- helped to elect a government in Iraq that we knew had connections with Iran. And so, the notion, somehow, that they're not going to have influence and that we may be using yet another justification for a continuing mission in Iraq, I think, is an extreme problem and one of the reasons why this was a bad idea.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER I just want to be clear to the listeners that we have a real division here. I mean, among the Democratic candidates, there's only one that voted for this resolution. And this is exactly what Bush and Cheney wanted.

LOSER Second, there is a clear path for America on Iran. They've got a president, Ahmadinejad, who is unpopular in own country. We have the capacity to work with our European allies and the European banking system to put a proposal of stick and carrots on the table that actually will help influence their behavior.

The Iranian people, in many ways, do not support this guy. And they're looking for a path. We need to help provide that path by making a serious proposal with our friends in Europe of sticks and carrots to help them with their economy.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, and then another question.

LOSER I think, first of all, it's important to recognize the Ahmadinejad does not control the Iranian Revolutionary Guard. They are directly controlled from the clerical leadership and the supreme leader.

And, in fact, because we have not engaged in diplomacy, we are quite unsure about what exactly goes on inside of Iran, which is one of the reasons why I've advocated diplomatic efforts for two years.

If we were to engage in such diplomatic efforts, because of the enmeshment of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard in the economic activity of Iran, I believe these economic sanctions, as part of diplomacy, would be an advantage going in to those diplomatic efforts.

I have the greatest respect for my friend and colleague, Joe Biden. He and I just respectfully disagree about this. But I think that the important issues is that this is something that we have strong feelings about.

LOSER But none of us is advocating a rush to war. I have been against that. I was the first of anyone at this table to go to the floor of the Senate, speak against the possibility that Bush could take us to war in Iran, back in February.

And I think that we have two different ways of approaching this. Our goals are the same diplomatic engagement with Iran.

MODERATOR Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, thrives on anti-Americanism. One of our listeners, Ray Conrad, from Keosauqua, Iowa, who, incidentally, has made campaign contributions to Senator Edwards and also to Senator Biden, sent us a question about that.

And he put it this way Clearly, many Muslims hate the U.S. enough to want to do us grievous harm. Would you speculate on the reasons for their hatred of us?

Senator Biden, why?

LOSER By the way, terminology matters. I'm a great admirer of Senator Clinton. It's not about not advocating a rush to war. I'm advocating no war. A rush to war means that war, taken slowly, going slowly, is possible. I'm advocating no war, no justification for war.

Number two.

MODERATOR Take military off the table, you would say.

LOSER The reason why -- the reason why we are disliked so much is because we are trusted so little. The reason why we are disliked so much, obviously -- I'm not talking about Al Qaida, I'm talking about the 1.2 billion Muslims in the world who look at us, and when we say and do things as we're talking about now with Iran, conclude that this is a war on Islam.

LOSER I'll make one point. When we went into Afghanistan, the word was the Arab street would rise up. We did it the right way. The Arab street knew that Arabs -- the Muslims in Al Qaida were bad guys, they supported us.

When we do things that don't sound rational to them, it undercuts our legitimacy, we have no legitimacy.

MODERATOR Let me put this to Senator Edwards first, and then others.

When we do things that policymakers in Washington may think are rational, like very strong support of Israel, that also upsets a lot of those 1 billion Muslims you've described.

How would you, Senator Edwards, how would you as president, Senator Edwards, answer the complaint that the U.S., in its support of Israel, is so pro-Israeli it can't be an evenhanded, honest broker of matters and is anti-Muslim?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think that what's driving this belief about America in the Muslim community around the world is the bullying, selfish, abusive behavior of George Bush and this administration.

I do want to go back to one quick point. I listened to Senator Clinton talk about what's happening inside Iran.

We know what's happening inside Iran. We know a great deal about what's happening. We know, for example, that Ahmadinejad's candidates in the election this -- December about a year ago got clobbered. We know that there's serious political -- lack of political support for this man. And we have a huge wedge there that's available to America.

But as to the Muslim community, I think that the most important thing for America to do is to demonstrate that we have a responsibility, not just to ourselves, but to humanity, and to help make education available, to fight global poverty.

LOSER We need to take serious steps to demonstrate that America is actually worthy of leadership.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, I think John's point is right, but I want to broaden it a little bit.

Listen to the Republican candidates' debates and how they frame this issue. And if you are a Muslim overseas, listening to Rudy Giuliani say, they are coming here to try to kill you, which is the tenor of many of the speeches that are delivered by the Republican candidates, you would get an impression that they are not interested in talking and resolving issues peacefully.

Now, what we need to do is we need to close Guantanamo. We need to restore habeas corpus. We need to send a strong signal that we are going to talk directly to, not just our friends, but also to our enemies.

And I have to say that, when I brought this up early on in this campaign, I was called naive and irresponsible.

And yet -- yet, the point -- the reason for that was not necessarily because we're going to change Ahmadinejad's mind. It's because we're going to change the minds of people inside Iran, moderate forces inside Iran, as well as our Muslim allies around the region, that we are willing to listen to them and try to engage in finding ways to resolve conflicts cooperatively.

MODERATOR Senator Christopher Dodd?

LOSER Well, this is long-standing. In the immediate aftermath of 9/11, we had -- there were, I think, classified ads in the Washington Post trying to find if there was anyone in the region who spoke Arabic.

This has been a vacuum for a long time, in terms of our relationship with the Muslim world -- the 22 countries in the world that are Muslim nations. We've been, basically, AWOL dealing with these nations here and that has bred a lack of understanding and appreciation -- the point I think that Barack was trying to make here.

But also, over these last six years, despite this effort over the last few days in Annapolis, where has this administration been on the Middle East issues here? They are connected in many ways here.

It appears, definitely, that we're sort of -- just that we're not engaged at all. Over the past years, both Republican and Democratic administrations have made it a part of their agenda to stay engaged, to make it clear that we're an honest broker trying to resolve the issue of Israel's security, as well as the legitimate issue of Palestinians seeking an independent state.

We've walked away from that. And that -- that absence of our participation, as well as our failure to understand and to try and have a better for what the culture of the Muslim world is, I think, has created the very environment you talked about.

MODERATOR Last word on this topic from Dennis Kucinich.

LOSER Thank you.

To answer your question directly, we need to reach out to Muslim nations and to tell them America is taking a different direction.

LOSER No more unilateralism, preemption, first strike. We're going to -- our policy will be strength through peace. As the one up here who not only voted against, but voted 100 percent of the time against funding the war in Iraq, the war in Iraq was used to create a wedge between the United States and Islam.

The build-up to an attack on Iran was really a danger to Israel, because everyone knows that Israel would have paid the price for the United States wrongheaded policy. That's not being discussed in any of the analysis yet, but I'm here to say it.

We need to protect and provide for the security of Israel, and to make sure that the Palestinians can have a state. And it has to be done under circumstances where the security of all parties and the civil rights and human rights of all parties are protected.

MODERATOR Well, this question comes from a listener. It's a political science professor, Chris Pence of Marion, Indiana.

QUESTION American diplomatic history books recount the Monroe Doctrine, the Truman Doctrine and will likely discuss the Bush doctrine. When future historians write of your administration's foreign policy pursuits, what will be noted as your doctrine and the vision you cast for U.S. diplomatic relations?

MODERATOR Time for a couple of you at least.

Senator Clinton, what do you think the Clinton doctrine will be?

LOSER Well, it will be a doctrine of restoring America's leadership and moral authority through multilateral organizations, through attempts to come to agreements on issues ranging from global warming to stopping the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other dangerous weapons.

LOSER It will be a doctrine that demonstrates that the United States is not afraid to cooperate; that through cooperation in our inter-dependent world, we actually can build a stronger country and a stronger world that will be more reflective of our values.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Clinton.

The Edwards doctrine?

LOSER The Edwards doctrine will be longer-term , visionary; not the kind of ad hoc foreign policy -- foreign policy of convenience that we've seen over the last seven years, but instead, looking at not only the short-term issues that American and the world faces -- I've talked about Iran; Pakistan; what's happening with North Korea; we're about to talk about China -- but also to think about what is it that America does over the long-term to strengthen not only our leadership role, but our ability to provide stability.

And the key to that is for America both through our actions and through our language from the president of the United States to demonstrate that we respect people who grow up in different cultures with different faith beliefs, that we respect people who have a different perspective than we do and we intend to lead , but to work with those people, and for America, whereas education, health, et cetera, to meet its responsibility to humanity.

MODERATOR And, Senator Biden, the Biden doctrine?

LOSER Clarity. Prevention, not preemption. An absolute repudiation of this president's doctrine which has only three legs on the stool. One, push the mute button, don't talk to anybody. Two, preemption. And three, regime change.

I would reject all three. We need a doctrine of prevention. The role of a great power is to prevent the crises.

And we don't have to imagine any of the crises. We know what's going to happen on day one when you're president. You have Pakistan, Russia, China, the subcontinent of India. You have Afghanistan. You have Darfur.

And it requires engagement, engagement and prevention. That does not rule out the use of force. It incorporates the notion of prevention. Prevention.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, the short version of the Obama doctrine?

WINNER Well, I think one of the things about the Obama doctrine is it's not going to be as doctrinaire as the Bush doctrine, because the world is complicated.

And I think part of the problem we've had is that ideology has overridden facts and reality.

But I think the basic concept, and I've heard it from some of the other folks, is that increasingly we have to view our security in terms of a common security and a common prosperity with other peoples and other countries.

And that means that if there are children in the Middle East who cannot read, that is a potential long-term danger to us. If China is polluting, then eventually that is going to reach our shores.

We have to work with them cooperatively to solve their problems as well as ours.

MODERATOR And we will continue our debate from Des Moines in just a minute.

MODERATOR We're broadcasting from Des Moines, Iowa. And in this part of the debate, we're going to focus on a changing China and its effects here at home.

MODERATOR We'll talk about the economic power of China and what it means for U.S. consumers, U.S. workers, and the American financial system.

We'll also hear about the strategic challenges China presents, its huge military buildup, its enormous appetite for natural resources, its environmental record. And we'll also cover human rights, we hope, and China's growing influence in the world.

MODERATOR And that's where we'd like to start. And I'd like to pose a question to many of you.

Given China's size, its muscular manufacturing capabilities, its military buildup, at this point -- and also including its large trade deficit -- at this point, who has more leverage, China or the U.S.?

And I'm going to begin with you, Senator Edwards.

LOSER I think that what's happened with the last seven years of the Bush administration is America's faced, over the long term, with two very serious challenges, one of which they've been obsessed with, which is the issue of terrorism.

The other is the rise and strength of China, which they've done virtually nothing about, on any front, I mean, ranging from China sending dangerous toys into the United States to our trade relationship with China to, as Robert just mentioned, their buildup of their military, which they're doing opaquely. We know very little about what they're actually doing.

On top of that, they're obsessed with their own internal economic development. And that results in them propping up bad regimes like Sudan, like Iran. They're doing incredible damage to the environment.

So the answer to the question is -- America continues to have serious economic leverage with the Chinese and diplomatic leverage with the Chinese.

MODERATOR Who has more leverage?

LOSER Well, I think that's -- what we know is they're growing, they're strong.

I think America's stronger today. And if we deal with these issues and we deal with them in a serious way across the board, and we engage on these issues -- which we have not been doing and we see the consequences for American children right now, with these dangerous lead-filled toys coming into the United States, with this extraordinary trade deficit that we have, the growing of their military. We see them propping up genocide in western Sudan and Darfur, with their economic development there.

American must engage the Chinese on all of these issues.

MODERATOR All right, we'll get to that question of product safety in just a minute.

First, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, there are three issues that we have to deal with.

Number one, is we've got to get our own fiscal house in order. Our leverage is weakening when we run up enormous deficits funding a war that should have never been authorized. And we then are taking out the credit card with the Chinese. That gives us less leverage.

Number two, when I was visiting Africa, I was told by a group of businessmen that the presence of China is only exceeded by the absence of America in the entire African continent. And it indicates the unwillingness of our administration to think strategically about other counties beyond the war on terror.

WINNER Number three, we have to be tougher negotiators with China. They are not enemies, but they are competitors of ours.

And on the economic front, on trade issues, on issues importation, we have not been the best negotiators. And oftentimes, we're negotiating on behalf of Wall Street, as opposed to on behalf of Main Street.

MODERATOR I heard you say less leverage. Who has more leverage at this point?

WINNER Well, right now, the United States is still the dominant superpower in the world. But we have to -- the next president can't be thinking about today; he or she also has to be thinking about 10 years from now, 20 years from now, 50 years from now.

And if we continue on current trends without dealing with the problems that we have economically, and unless we are engaging in the world more effectively, then our influence is going to slip.

MODERATOR Representative Kucinich?

LOSER Yes. I maybe the only one up here who actually voted against China trade because of the concerns I had that the U.S. was not going to be able to maintain its manufacturing base, which is central to maintaining a middle class.

What we've seen is that without solid trade policies, we're undermined.

Without a strength-through-peace doctrine of rejecting war as an instrument of policy, we're going to keep borrowing money from China. Let us not forget we're borrowing money from China to finance the war in Iraq.

And in addition to that, the speculation on Wall Street has weakened our economy.

We need a policy of constructive engagement with China, stop the arms race with them, work to make sure we have a global climate change treaty with China, get them to transition out of nuclear and coal and oil.

LOSER I'm talking about a whole new direction that's based on a doctrine of strength through peace. And I have a voting record up here to back it up, unlike some of my esteemed colleagues.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, do we need them more than they need us?

LOSER Well, your question about leverage is related to that -- the second question.

We currently still have more leverage, but it doesn't really count because we're not using it. We have handicapped ourselves because of the irresponsible fiscal policies pursued by the Bush economic direction. But we've also, unfortunately, seen an incoherent foreign policy.

So until we set our fiscal house back in order and until we understand that we have to have a strategic relationship with China, it's going to be very difficult for us to use whatever leverage we have.

And I fear that if we don't start taking steps to demonstrate that we are back in charge of our fiscal destiny, that we do have a coherent diplomatic approach toward China, China will continue to gain leverage over us.

MODERATOR It's the holiday season, and many Americans are heading to the stores. And many of the products that they're going to find on the shelves have a Made in China label.

We've talked to Iowans about China. And there's one listener in particular, his name is Don Frummelt (ph). He said that consumers and politicians both have a somewhat schizophrenic relationship when it comes to China.

MODERATOR Let's listen to what he had to say.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

QUESTION You can't have it both ways. And I think we need candidates who are willing to bite the bullet. And if you're going to see our balance of trade is upside down with China, there's one way to fix it. Put on some kind of a tariff and prevent the American people from buying $300 TVs instead of $600 TVs.

(END AUDIO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Biden, how would...

LOSER Well...

MODERATOR Would you actually restrict trade with China?

And given the WTO guidelines, could you actually do that?

LOSER With the WTO guidelines, we could stop these products coming in now. This president doesn't act. We have much more leverage on China than they have on us.

Let's get something straight here. We're making them into 10 feet tall. It took them 30 years to get 20 percent of their population out of poverty. They've got 800 million people in poverty. They're in real distress.

The idea that a country with 800 million people in poverty has greater leverage over us is preposterous.

What it is, is we've yielded to corporate America. We've yielded to this president's notion of what constitutes trade. And we've refused to enforce the laws that exist.

As president, I would end, flat, bang, no importation of those toys. Why? Under WTO, you're allowed to do it until you send inspectors to guarantee.

LOSER Why aren't they doing it? Corporate America...

MODERATOR No, this listener called for tariffs. Are you willing to go there?

LOSER No, I'm not willing to go there. You don't need to start a tariff war. All you have to do is enforce the law, enforce the law.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, I want to go back to the characterization of the relationship. Obviously, it's a strategic one. But this is not a competition. If it were a competition, competition implies that people are playing by the same rules. We're not playing by the same rules here. This is an adversarial relationship today. That needs to change.

But when you manipulate your currency, as they do, in violation of the World Trade Organization here, to the tune of 40 percent, you've immediately created a huge disadvantage for our country.

When you employ slave labor in the production of your manufactured goods, when you deny access on your shelves to the products and services we produce, it is not a competition. It's adversarial.

Now, I'm not interested in being bellicose about this, but you need to understand exactly what the relationship is today before we decide what steps you take.

We ought to be -- not raising our voice in a loud necessarily way, but we ought to be able to talk about that we need to stand up and say, This is a market you want to be in. If you want to be here, then you're going to have to play like an adult here, if you're going to continue following policies that allow you to manipulate your currency, produce goods that you sell in our marketplace that do damage to our consumers.

When we got word that they were sending toys over here with lead paint in them, cat food and toothpaste here, the president had the authority immediately to suspend importation. He wouldn't do it.

Had that been a U.S. corporation doing that, their doors would have been shut in 20 minutes.

MODERATOR Now, my collage Steve has a question. But first, before we get there, I just want to follow up on something that Mr. Frummelt (ph) said. He said he wants a president who's going to level the playing field.

Senator Obama, what would you do in order to give the U.S. more leverage to be able to deal with China at least as an equal partner? And are you willing to do that despite the consequences, even if it means that consumers have to kiss those $300 television goodbye?

WINNER Well, look, I mean, I think Chris and Joe made a good point, which is, we have laws on the books now that aren't being enforced. This is what I mean, in terms of us negotiating more effectively with them.

Part of the problem is that the relationship has shifted overtime. Joe is absolutely right that they were much more impoverished 10, 20 years ago.

And so, our general attitude was, You know what? What ever they send in, it doesn't really impact us that much and they're a poor country.

MODERATOR But what would you do to level the playing field?

WINNER Things have now shifted, so -- well, I'll just give you an example.

I would say toys cannot come in. Food, we will have our own safety inspectors on the ground.

Japan does this right now. They set up their own inspection standards in China and they say, Unless you meet our inspection standards, you cannot ship into here.

If we don't have labor agreements and environmental agreements that are enforceable, then there are consequences, in terms of them being able to import into this country.

The point is is that we have a set of tools available to us that have not been used. And part of the reason is because when we talk about Chinese exports, oftentimes, we are talking about U.S. companies...

LOSER Exactly right.

WINNER ... that have moved to China, are manufacturing there and are trying to ship back and they still have influence.

WINNER And those special interests have to be diminished in their voice in Washington.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Edwards?

LOSER I want to expand on a point that Joe made, and he mentioned it and it was important, which is, what's happened is big corporate America is driving American policy with respect to China. They get their way and the American people lose.

This is only one place that that happens, by the way.

MODERATOR So what would you do to stand up to U.S. manufacturers?

LOSER There are a bunch of things we need to do. We have country-of-origin labeling laws. They've been in place for years. But we don't enforce them.

MODERATOR But we also know that China can easily get around that. They can sometimes use the Made in Hong Kong label instead of the Made in China label.

LOSER But the starting place is to actually enforce the laws that exist here in the United States and their obligations in the WTO, neither of which are being done.

They're not being done because corporate America drives so much of what happens in Washington, whether it's trade policy that cost Americans millions of jobs -- NAFTA, CAFTA, et cetera, whether it is the dangerous Chinese toys coming into the United States of America, whether is is country-of-origin labeling -- why is the president of the United States not saying to the American people, to local communities, Buy local ?

It is good for the local economy. It is good for farmers. It is good on the issue of global warming, because everything that comes from China carries an enormous carbon footprint with it.

MODERATOR Steve, indulge me for just a minute. Your patience for just a minute.

MODERATOR Sure. Go right ahead.

MODERATOR I'm just curious. You mentioned these Chinese toys, Senator Edwards. You have two small children.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Will you be buying toys that are made in China to place under the Christmas tree this year?

LOSER No, ma'am, I will not.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR It's difficult to do that, because, you know, 70 percent of the goods and most of the toys that you find at the local Wal-Mart (NYSEWMT) are made in China.

LOSER My kids will not have toys coming from China.

(CROSSTALK)



LOSER My toys are coming from Iowa.



LOSER I'm buying Iowa toys. They're going to eat Iowa foods.



(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, and then Senator Gravel.

Senator Obama first on this issue of Chinese toys.

WINNER As I said before, the problem is that we are not using the power that we have. And we just had -- I can't amplify this point enough. Right now, laws, with respect to China, are being made in part with the interests of Wall Street in mind and special interests who are manufacturing in China, used to manufacture here in Iowa -- now are manufacturing in China -- are shipping the goods back here and taking advantage of cheap labor and lower environmental standards.

We have to have a president -- and this is part of the reason I'm running for president, is to give a voice to American workers. I believe in trade. And I think trade can strengthen America.

And I want, by the way, Chinese workers and consumers to benefit. That's good for our long-term security. But I don't want every single trade decision to be looked at through the lens of, does this increase corporate profits, as opposed to, is it good for U.S. consumers and U.S. workers?

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, and then Steve has a question.

LOSER Yes, Michele, I want to take you to task, credit to your first rhetoric. And that was this great, tremendous...

MDOERATOR I believe it was a question.

LOSER Right. The tremendous increase in the defense.

There are only 10 percent of American defense.

LOSER They haven't had a tremendous increase -- 10 percent of our defense.

And I want to take all of them to task. Clearly, none of them are running for China -- president of China, because this amount of demagoguery is shameful.

Here, the Chinese people have a problem. And when we continue this rhetoric of beggar thy neighbor, where our interests always come first, there should be the interest of human beings, the interest of human beings -- because, when you have a foreign policy that's

beggar thy neighbor, we all become beggars.

And so when they talk about the currency of China, what about what manipulations we do?

What about the American companies that dump things abroad?

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, thank you.

LOSER What about the tariffs? You want to have a...

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Thank you.



MODERATOR I just want to wrap up Dan Frummelt's (ph) trade-off that he discussed, the $300 TVs versus the $600 TVs.

Is any of you willing to state frankly that, if you do what you're talking about, getting tough on the currency, cracking down on what Senator Dodd called slave labor, taking other steps, that Americans are going to pay more for consumer goods at Wal-Mart (NYSEWMT) and you believe it's worth it?

Is anyone willing to state frankly that that is the trade-off?

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER Either buy America or bye-bye America. We have to recognize that. And a Kucinich administration will rebuild American industry.

And while I'm listening to this debate right here, I'm the only one up here who voted against China trade. My good friend John Edwards who is a friend of mine, you know, he voted for it and is now decrying what's come over.

I'm saying that it is critical that we rebuild America's industry, that we not get in an arms race with China, that we have new trade laws, based on workers' rights, human rights, environmental quality, that we take a new direction with respect to environmental policy, getting China away from nuclear, coal and oil.

I mean, we should be able to have solid relations with China, but we've got to get our own house in order, stop the speculation on Wall Street, and stop Wall Street from moving our jobs out of this country.

And that's what the China trade vote was all about.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, is that the trade-off that people will have to pay higher prices if we do what we propose, and that's worth it in your view?

WINNER I actually believe that China will modify its behavior if we actually are tough in our negotiations. Look, we are the biggest market for China. They can't afford to just say, See you later. They're going to have to sell here. If we tell them you have to meet certain safety standards, that you have to enforce certain labor and environmental agreements, they will meet them.

Now, could there potentially be some higher costs on the front end? Probably, but I guarantee you, I don't meet a single worker in Iowa who's been laid-off who says, I wouldn't rather pay a little bit more for sneakers at Wal-Mart (NYSEWMT) but still have a job.

MODERATOR Now listen, just quickly, I want to bring another listen into this, because we did get some questions from the listeners. And I want to hear from Karen Zuech (ph). She is a listener. She is also mother. So let's take a quick listen.

QUESTION As the mom of 1-year-old son, I am very concerned about the toxic chemicals that lace many toys and others products sold in America. These chemical agents cause cancer, birth defects and genetic damage.

Unlike the European Union, the U.S. does nothing to limit the use of these agents, and does not require that the toxic ingredients are listed.

If you are elected president, what changes will you make to ensure that my son will grow up free from these frightening dangers?

MODERATOR Karen Zuech (ph) there. She's from Santa Cruz, California. She's pointing out that the European Union has stricter standards. But if you look at the Chinese recalls in this country, they still represent fewer than one one-hundredth of all of the toys and products that come into this country.

Is it possible that the U.S. could overreact to this? I'm posing this to Senator Clinton. What's the danger of that?

LOSER Well, first, I really sympathize with the young mother, because we don't do anywhere near enough to try to prevent dangerous materials and products from coming into our country. We don't even do enough of it within our own country. We have totally turned our back on the information that is available to try to better track the impact on children and others of these kinds of exposures to toxic materials.

So, number one, we need tougher standards across the board; something I've been advocating for for years.

Number two, it should be especially applied to any kind of imports, and the requires going and making sure that we have inspectors on the ground and we have tough standards and we exercise recalls.

You know, the reason we have such few recalls, even though they have been increasing, because the evidence has been so overwhelming, is because this administration has basically de-fanged the Consumer Product Safety Commission, they do not have any real appetite for going after these companies and countries that are flooding our markets with dangerous products, and that has to stop.

MODERATOR We only have just a few -- a very short time, Senator Dodd, but I just want to ask you, because you've served in the Senate for some time, given the concerns about currency manipulation, product recalls, is there any vote that you would look back at and think, You know, I really wish I could reconsider that ?

LOSER No, no. I wish the Senate would have reconsidered when I offered legislation on lead paint, for instance, here to try and reduce the kind of problems that Karen has talked about.

I have a child that has serious food allergies here. I know what it's like every day to read a label every single day because my child could die if she consumed the wrong products here.

Eighty percent of the food we consume in this country's imported and only 1 percent of it is inspected. And there's no country of labeling on those products here. And you'll have 10 different descriptions of an egg here, and that's very difficult, if not impossible, for women like Karen. And parents who have children have to be careful about the products they consume.

MODERATOR OK. We're going to have to leave this part of our discussion right there. We'll take a break for just a few minutes, then we will continue with the second hour of our Democratic presidential debate from Des Moines.

This is special coverage from NPR News. (BREAK)

MODERATOR Every modern president as faced a delicate balancing act with China.

And this is how one listener, Pen Pen Wong (ph), of Venice, California, put it.

Let's listen.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

QUESTION Many presidential candidates have talked tough about China and its human rights record in the past but, in the end, favor secure our economic interests, rather than risk upsetting China by substantively talking about the human rights issue.

China is given a free pass to go at her own pace.

How would you balance human rights and trade with China?

(END AUDIO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Biden, I'd like to begin with you. What kind of human rights commitment should the U.S. try to exact from China, particularly in advance of the 2008 Olympics, and how do you ensure that the country would actually live up to those commitments?

LOSER You can't ensure it. But, look, this is all about playing by the rules. I have been pushing, as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, for the last seven years -- or of the ranking member during that period -- that we hold China accountable at the United Nations.

We won't even, at the United Nations -- we won't even designate China as a violator of human rights.

Now, what's the deal there? We're talking about competition. That's the -- in terms of trade. It's capitulation, not competition.

Name me another country in the world that we would allow to conduct themselves the way this country has, China, and not call them to -- on the carpet at the U.N.

Name me another country in the world who would use the trade practices they use with us that we would not call them on the carpet.

MODERATOR So, Senator Biden, are you saying that would call them on the carpet, that you would...

LOSER Absolutely.

MODERATOR ... appoint a U.N. ambassador who would press for this?

LOSER And the reason I would is that it's the one way to get China to reform. You can't close your eyes. You can't pretend. It is self-defeating. It's a Hobson's choice we're giving people here.

MODERATOR A Hobson's choice is how Senator Biden characterized this.

Senator Clinton, what kind of commitment should we try to exact from China?

LOSER Well, I agree with Joe very much. You know, 12 years ago, I went to China and the Chinese didn't want me to come. And they didn't want me to make a speech.

And when I made the speech, they blocked it out from being heard within China, where I stood up for human rights and, in particular, women's rights, because women had been so brutally abused in many settings in China.

And I think you do have to call them on it. I mean, the Chinese respect us if we actually call them on their misbehavior and their breaches of human rights, economic activities and other kinds of problems that we have with them.

That's what I object to about this administration. We've gotten the worst of both worlds. We've gotten neither the kind of smart enforcement nor the kind of cooperation that might lead to changes in behavior. Instead, we have this erratic, incoherent policy.

So I think it's important that as the next president I would make it very clear what we expect from China and use every tool at our disposal to try to change behavior.

MODERATOR Just a quick follow When you traveled to China and then when you returned to the White House, did you advise your husband on Chinese foreign policy or on foreign policy in regard to any other countries that you traveled to?

And, conversely, if you were elected president, would he advise you?

LOSER Well, I certainly did. I not only advised, I often met with he and his advisers, both in preparation for, during and after. I traveled with representatives from the Security Council, the State Department, occasionally the Defense Department and even the CIA.

So I was deeply involved in being part of the Clinton team, in the first Clinton administration.

And I am someone who wants the best possible advice from as many different sources as possible. And that would certainly include my husband.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, I think there's an ongoing situation. I want to commend, at this point here, people like Nancy Pelosi and others who, just recently, when the Dalai Lama was here, presented him with a gold medal. We raised the issue, not often enough, on Tibet and what's happened with the almost-genocidal behavior, when dealing with this remarkable culture that's been under assault.

And the idea that we'd recognize him and welcome him here as a religious leader in the world is exactly the kind of symbol we need to send.

We're talking here about a lot of things we would do to be tougher in China. It's also important to understand a balance is necessary here. China is acquiring massive natural resources, that you raised earlier, around the world.

They have huge energy issues. Twenty-five million people a year move from rural China to urban China. We ought to be working with them in various areas on energy policy, environmental policy as well.

So I don't want this to be seen, as we discuss this today here, only just about the acrimonious or the difficult or the tough positions we're going to take, but to make them recognize that the Dalai Lama is an international religious leader who's worthy of recognition.

And if they, as they apparently did, threaten to deny some ships to be able to move in waters off China over that, they need to understand this isn't going to change in a Democratic administration.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, with all this tough talk about China, how do you actually hold them accountable?

LOSER You hold them accountable in the WTO. America uses its diplomacy and economic leverage. We have enormous leverage with the Chinese.

And I want to add on to one thing that Chris just said. This whole issue of balance, if you look at what's happened -- and this didn't just happen under George Bush; this has been going on for a decade and a half now -- in my home town, the mill that my father worked in, the people that I grew up with, that mill's closed now. The jobs are gone.

The same thing has happened in Newton, Iowa, and all across this state. I met a man named Doug Bishop a few years ago who talked about having to look his child in the eye and explain why her daddy, who had worked in that mill his entire life -- that factory -- had lost his job and hadn't done anything wrong, because his child did not understand.

American trade policy is catering to the interests of big corporate America. It has been for a decade and a half. And we desperately need a president of the United States who instead of asking is this going to help corporate profits, is this actually going to stand up for American workers and American jobs?

MODERATOR Robert has a question, but just quickly, I just heard you say that America has enormous leverage. My first question when we began this discussion on China, you said that America did not have enough leverage.

LOSER Oh, no, I didn't. No, I said we have more leverage than they do. We do. I think everybody actually agrees with that.

But our leverage is economic, our leverage is diplomatic. And we have leverage within the WTO, which Senator Biden and others have spoken about.

But we have not held China accountable. And the result is the loss of American jobs, the struggling of American families, the struggles of the middle class.

Those jobs helped support the middle-class and build the middle-class in this country. And as we've already talked about, dangerous Chinese products coming into the United States.

MODERATOR So diminished, but significant.

QUESTION Senator, there's an implication to what you just said. The textile -- that the United States become once again a major power in textile production, and industry we associate with low-wage emerging economies.

Isn't it fair to think that, no matter what our relationship with China, obviously poorer countries are going to be producing a lot of textiles in mills around the world; it's just not what our economy should be specializing in at this time?

LOSER What is fair to think is that we have had a trade policy that has cost America. My father, who worked in a mill for 37 years so that I could be -- and my brother and sister could have a better life than he had. And that mill that he worked in is gone.

Jobs all across Iowa are gone. And the reason is because America has catered to the interest of corporate profits; not the interests of the American middle class, not the interests of American workers, and not the interests of these manufacturing jobs.

Are there other things we need to do? Of course there are. America, to be competitive over the long-term, needs a trade policy that works that looks out for the interest of the middle class. But it also needs -- America needs -- to be the most creative, best educated, most innovative work force on the planet.

Those two things are not mutually exclusive. They can both be done at the same time.

MODERATOR Thank you, very much. Senator Obama, I just want to return to the question of currency manipulation.

You had said that if China is actually manipulating their currency, this country needs to take them to the mat. What, exactly, did you mean by that?

WINNER Well, we have legislation that says that if, in fact, they are manipulating their currency -- and I think there's no dispute that they are -- that we need to take strong action. It's in the Banking Committee. Chris is presiding over that.

And now here's the problem. I will say that it's actually a blunt tool. I'd prefer not doing this legislatively. The problem is we've had a president that has shown no leadership on it.

So, if and when I am in the White House, I will meet directly with the Chinese leadership and indicate we have to restore balance. And, by the way, we have to mobilize our allies, such as the European Union, to have that conversation with us.

This is an imbalance that is not good for any economy over time. It's not sustainable, the trade imbalances that we have.

But just to go to a point that was made earlier, so often we see these issues as contradictory.

Mike Gravel, I am interested, as I said, in making sure that the Chinese population is fed and clothed and advancing. I think that is important.

It is not, I think, in the long-term interests of China to expand, solely on the backs of low-wage work that is undermining U.S. work.

If we are saying to China, Raise your labor standards, that will, over time, improve the lot of Chinese workers, as well as U.S. workers. And that's what we should be looking at, is How can we improve the working conditions, the safety conditions, the consumer protections that are available for all people? And that's not what's happening right now.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, thank you.

Senator Biden, very quickly.

LOSER Look, first of all, I don't buy this being -- why you're being so tough on China. Would we do any of these things with regard to France or Germany or England, our friends, our allies? The answer is We would.

MODERATOR Do you think it's an analogous situation?

LOSER No, I think it is not.

Look, if France was acting like China is acting, we'd be tough with them. If England was doing what China is doing we'd be tough with them. This is about being fair.

And by the way, to deal with the currency, back in '88, we had the same deal. And what happened, we had a thing called the Plaza Accords. We brought in all of the major currencies in the world to sit down and say we've got to rationalize the currency here.

Us doing it by ourselves is the ultimate blunt instrument.

We may be able to do that. But were I president, I'd be calling a similar conference, bringing in the rest of the world to rationalize our currencies here.

MODERATOR I just want to turn to something that Senator Clinton said. You said that China reacts if they are pressed.

So would we believe that -- should we believe that the relationship, the U.S. relationship with China, under a Hillary Clinton administration, would be less one of cooperation and engagement and one more akin to confrontation?

LOSER No. No, absolutely not. It would be a position where we would operate from strength, with a coherent policy about what our interests were and what we hoped to achieve. I'll give you a quick example. I have a company in my state that has exported into China for many years.

All of a sudden, out of the blue, they were told that they were going to start having tariffs slapped on their product that would have made it absolutely uncompetitive for them to compete.

Their alternative was to go into business with some Chinese company, more than likely some kind of front group for the People's Army, and therefore lose their intellectual property.

And so I helped them stand up to that. And they respected it and backed down.

MODERATOR Thank you. That's where we're going to have to end our discussion of China. We could have gone on, but thanks to all the candidates.

We'll continue in just a minute with our Democratic presidential debate.

MODERATOR The other day, an Iowa voter advised us of a big campaign issue. He called it the M word -- M-igration.

The so-called M word is our next topic.

MODERATOR Candidates, we have just been doing some reporting in the last few days from Marshalltown, Iowa, a city that I know many of you have visited. This is a city with a lot of immigrants, a number of illegal immigrants. There have been immigration raids there. And that raises questions about citizens in places like that all over America. Some citizens in Marshalltown turn in illegal immigrants; some take them in. There's actually a person who's been indicted for sheltering immigrants, which raises a question that I'd like to put to you.

What obligations do American citizens have when it comes to illegal immigrants?

And let's start with Senator Obama.

Would you expect Americans, if you're president, January 2009, immigration reform, whatever you want hasn't happened yet, would you expect Americans to turn in illegal immigrants when they come across?

WINNER We do not deputize the American people to do the job that the federal government is supposed to do. So as president of the United States, I will make sure that the federal government does what it's supposed to do, which is to do a better job of closing our borders and preventing hundreds of thousands of people to pour in, have much tougher enforcement standards when it comes to employers, and create a pathway of citizenship for the 12 million people who are already here.

MODERATOR So does that mean that Americans should not turn in illegal immigrants?

WINNER The point is that we are not going to have -- we're not going to deputize a whole bunch of American citizens to start grabbing people or turning them in, in part because the ordinary American citizen may not know whether or not this person is illegal or not.

Now, we should be holding employers accountable, because they have a mechanism whereby they can actually enforce.

But, you know, the notion that we're going to criminalize priests, for example, or doctors who are providing services to individuals, and throw them in jail for doing what their calling asks them to do, which is to provide help and service to people in need, I think that is a mistake. I think that's out of America's character.

MODERATOR I'm going to get to several candidates on this.

Senator Dodd, let's say that you're hiring a nanny. Perhaps you've had this experience.

LOSER No, I haven't, actually.

MODERATOR Well, let's say that you have...

LOSER Nice try.



MODERATOR ... for your kids.

Let's say that a citizen is hiring a nanny.

LOSER Check it out, very thoroughly. Yes.

MODERATOR A working parent.

Well, that's the question. You interview of applicants. They all seem very nice. They seem like they would take care of the kids. But it would appear that their documents may not be in order.

What would you want an American to do?

LOSER Well, I think you've got an obligation here to go beyond that if you have any doubts or questions here. People who knowingly hire undocumented workers I think need to be held accountable to a far higher degree of penalties -- civil and possibly criminal, if, in fact, it's widespread -- because these are the things that are going to slow down -- the 400,000 to 500,000 people who come here each year.

You know, I understand -- look, I think this debate has to begin some place. I'm very worried about the fear and hate-mongers out there who are going to divide this country very terribly on this subject matter.

We've been a welcoming people for the entire history of our nation here. There were exceptions in the 19th century with the know- nothings and at the end of World War I, which were dangerous periods here.

But, obviously, any self-respecting country has to control its borders and has to impose penalties that would otherwise attract people to come here; understanding why they want to be here, but also understanding our capacity and ability to handle this.

That's why I've taken the strong position here of doing whatever we can on both sides of the border, and I've worked at this for a long time. For 20 years, I've chaired the inter-parliamentary with Mexico. I speak the language fluently.

We have a large percentage of people coming from Latin America. We passed the CAFTA trade agreement here. You want to go right to the heart of these things here.

We allowed every single country under CAFTA to be able to set its own labor standard. Exactly what happens is businesses locate there and race to the bottom.

Instead of improving the quality of working conditions that would give people in these countries a chance to stay in their own nations, which most of them would prefer to do, we're encouraging people to come here by not having trading agreements that don't insist upon...

MODERATOR We're going to talk more about those issues as we go along here.

But, sticking with real people, Congressman Kucinich, the real person in that situation, what should they do?

LOSER Rely on the Constitution.

You know, we don't -- we don't encourage vigilantism in this country. We have a Constitution. We have due process. We have equal protection. We have habeas corpus.

This administration would like to shred the Constitution and deny people all those rights. But when we get into that, what we do, we take the path of denying constitutional rights, and we're back to Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo and all those other violations of rights that we're ashamed of now.

And I'm saying that we have to realize that these are economic refugees from NAFTA. You know, I've said it over and over -- cancel NAFTA, negotiate a new trade agreement with Mexico based on worker's rights, human rights, environmental quality principles.

Give a path to legalization for the people who have been here. You can't send them home willy-nilly. You have to have a way in which our immigration policy resonates with the deeper principles of inclusiveness in America, as symbolized by our Statute of Liberty.

MODERATOR We may get to NAFTA as well, time permitting.

I want to play a bit of tape, though, of Amy Vybiral. She's at the Marshalltown Education and Training Center, so she's somebody who deals with this in real time. And here's the policy that she follows as an English as a second language institution, teaching immigrants.

(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)

QUESTION I don't know their status. And I don't -- we don't ask.

Let me put it this way, we ask a Social Security number of everybody who enters. And we require it of no one. So it's not a prerequisite to attend the college. (END AUDIO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, if you're president in January of 2009, is don't ask/don't tell, which is a way you could characterize her policy there -- is that appropriate for people in institutions that receive government funding?

LOSER Well, I agree with what Barack and Chris and Dennis have already said. It's the failure of the federal government that puts people like Amy into this position.

I do not think we should be criminalizing her or expecting her to enforce the broken laws of our federal immigration system.

In fact, I spoke out very strongly against an effort that was undertaken in the House of Representatives to do just that, to basically say, anyone who offered aid, comfort, or any kind of service to someone in need who turned out to be an illegal immigrant was going to face criminal penalties.

That is not in keeping with who we are as Americans. What is in keeping is having a government fulfill its responsibilities. That would be my highest priority, and that's what I would attempt to achieve with comprehensive immigration reform.

QUESTION Although, if a citizen witnessed some other kind of crime, wouldn't you want them to report it?

LOSER Well, you know, it's a very clever question, but I think it really begs the question. Because what we're looking at here is 12 million to 14 million people. They live in our neighborhoods. They take care of our elderly parents. They probably made the beds in the hotels that some of us stayed in last night.

They are embedded in our society. If we want to listen to the demagogues and the calls for us to begin to try to round up people and turn every American into a suspicious vigilante, I think we will do graver harm to the fabric of our nation than any kind of person-by- person reporting of someone who might be here illegally.

I reject that.

I think again, you have to look at the failure of the federal government and the failure of our political system to make a change in how we should be enforcing our immigration laws, and that's what I will try to do.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER I'd like to make a distinction here. And I agree with Hillary on this. What Amy, as I understood the question, is doing is providing a service there to children.

There's 1.8 million children here.

MODERATOR Many adults as well. People learning English as a second language...

LOSER Well, I just assumed she was talking about children. There's a distinction, quite frankly, between providing a service and providing for you being able to make money by hiring someone you can hire cheaply in order to be able to make your business grow. I find a moral distinction there, number one.

Number two, as a single parent for five years, after my wife and daughter were killed, raising two kids -- I went through, out of necessity, trying to figure out how to get a nanny to help me out. Thank god I had my sister and my mother.

But I went through that, to try to relieve them.

Guess what? Most of the illegals that came to seek a job with me, they did not speak Spanish. They were from Ireland, England. They were from Germany. They were from Poland.

The majority of the people here undocumented, 60 percent, are not Spanish speaking. They've overstayed their visas.

MODERATOR You used the same figure at the Brown and Black Forum on Saturday, but the Pew Research Center has estimated this, that in fact 56 percent of the illegal immigrants are from Mexico and 22 percent from other Latin American countries. Aren't the vast majority of the people here in fact Spanish speakers?

LOSER They are.

LOSER Well, Chris tells me they are. The data I received was that the total amount of people who are here undocumented, and the people overstaying their visas, were people who are not from Latin America.

Chris knows more about this than...

LOSER I think both of you are right. The Pew statistics I think more recent arrivals, and that number is higher coming from Latin America. Overall, Joe's point, the people going back years here, would include a larger number coming from non-Latin American countries.

So both numbers may be accurate. Just depends how you frame it.

LOSER But the point is, the idea here is that it seems to me there's an obligation on the part of an employer who is seeking someone to work for him or her to know whether or not that opportunity is being given first to an American, before they hire someone here who is legal or illegal -- I mean, excuse me, who is illegal. I mean...

MODERATOR Just a yes or no question before we go on, Senator.

Those Irish people and others, illegal immigrants, you interviewed. Did you hire one?

LOSER Did not hire one. Absolutely not.

MODERATOR You found someone legal?

LOSER I found -- I didn't find anyone. I thank God for my sister.

And by the way, you may remember, I'm the guy that reminded the former administration that Zoe Baird was a little bit of a problem, if you may remember.

MODERATOR Let me move on to Senator Edwards, if I might.

Senator Edwards, in a recent debate, you said, as I'm sure you've said many times, that illegal workers are exploited, that they're paid less, if they try to report problems, they're asked about their immigration status.

But you have also said that you do not believe that illegal immigration is driving down wages. If they're being paid less, how can they not be driving down wages?

LOSER What I've actually said is there have been some serious academic studies done on this question. And the studies are not the same. They have not reached the same conclusions.

I think that there is -- there is some confusion in the work that's been done -- the research that's been done on this question.

But what I've also described are some of the things that I've seen firsthand. The town -- the small town that I grew up in in North Carolina is now about half Latino, Hispanic.

I did a poverty tour earlier this year that began in New Orleans, but I also went through Mississippi. And in Canton, Mississippi, I met with a group of workers who worked at a poultry plant there, largely Hispanic.

And the abuses that they described to me were extraordinary. There was a man there who had been injured on the job, had his back broken, literally, on the job, and was told by the company doctor that it was just a generic condition and there was nothing they could do for him.

And what I consistently heard from the workers -- I've heard this all over the place -- is they're not being paid in many cases for the work that they've done; not being paid overtime; not being paid, in many cases, the minimum wage.

And if they raise any question about it, the first question the employer asks is, What is your status?

MODERATOR Well, how are they not driving down wages for everybody else if that's the case?

LOSER Well, I think what the studies show is there are a lot of things driving down wages in the United States of America. One of those things, which I hope we have time to talk more about is the loss of good middle-class jobs, which has been accelerated under this administration but didn't begin under this administration.

And I think there are a variety of things that are contributing to that. And the great issue facing the next president -- and it will be facing me as president -- is What do we do to strengthen and grow the middle class?

And there are a whole range of things that we need to do, if we actually want to save the middle class and strengthen the American economy.

MODERATOR I just want to follow up, Senator Edwards, on something that you said. I've had the pleasure at a debate setting in front of you twice within the last week. And, at the debate on Saturday, you noted that undocumented immigrants are punished if they complain about unsafe conditions, if they speak up. And you noted that these workers would have rights, they would be looked after in an Edwards administration.

What rights do immigrants have if they're working without proper authorization?

LOSER Well, the answer to this is not a short-term solution. I wish there were a clear short-term solution that would be effective.

The answer to this is comprehensive immigration reform. That is ultimately the answer.

MODERATOR But until you get to that point, if workers don't have proper identification, proper authorization, what rights would they have under your administration.

LOSER They're in a very vulnerable position. And what we want to make certain, and that we would do in my administration, is that we are enforcing the laws that apply to employers. People in this discussions have talked about enforcing the responsibilities of employers not to hire undocumented workers. That's true, and that is a responsibility, and I would do that as president until we had comprehensive immigration reform.

But we can't continue to allow -- in my state we have agricultural workers who are being taken advantage of and abused, and in many cases living in horrid, horrid conditions.

MODERATOR Senator, I'm just going to try this one more time. How would you, quote, take care of them?

LOSER Well...

MODERATOR What rights would they have?

LOSER What we would do is we'd use the power of the federal government and the power of our regulatory agencies to ensure that these people are not being abused.

Like the -- I'll give a specific example the poultry workers that I met in Canton, Mississippi. We would make certain that their work conditions were safe. We'd make certain that they're in fact being paid for the work that they're doing; if they're working overtime, that they're being paid for their overtime.

Those are all things that we would do in my administration.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, then Congressman Kucinich?

WINNER Well, look, this requires leadership. I believe that there are circumstances where, in fact, illegal immigrants are driving down wages.

The question is How do we fix it? Because, oftentimes, when it's posed that way, then the thinking is that somehow we have to pit low-wage American workers versus low-wage immigrant workers.

My answer is to stop illegal workers from coming in, hold employers accountable, but give the 12 million people who are here illegally, many of whom have been here for years, many of whom have U.S. citizens for children, to make sure that they've got a pathway to legalization.

If we do that, then they do have right that they can access.

MODERATOR What about January 2009 -- still millions of illegals -- would you let them work? Would you encourage them to work?

Would you give them rights as they work?

WINNER No, no, no, no. I think that, if they're illegal, then they should not be able to work in this country. That is part of the principle of comprehensive reform -- that we're going to crack down on employers who are hiring them and taking advantage of them.

But I also want to give them a pathway so that they can earn citizenship, earn a legal status, start learning English, pay a significant fine, go to the back of the line, but they can then stay here and they can have the ability to enforce a minimum wage that they're paid, make sure the worker safety laws are available, make sure that they can join a union.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, would you let people work in January 2009 if you're president?

LOSER Absolutely. I mean, you know, we have to recognize that many of them have continued to work in providing services. We have to get them a path to legalization.

But you raised the question -- the question is Are they driving wages down? The passage of NAFTA helped drive wages down. Wall Street speculation, ending in closing plants, have driven wages down. Non-productive military spending drives wages down.

What your panel here is conjuring is taking -- is the same approach that the Bush administration has sued in denying any kind of rights at all to so-called enemy non-combatants.

And I say that a Kucinich administration, everyone who's in this country or within the reach of this country, has to be accorded constitutional rights that would be accorded to anyone else, because that's what we stand on.

This is one of the reasons why I am pursuing impeachment against the vice president, because he's trashed the Constitution.

MODERATOR Former Senator Gravel?

LOSER This has become obvious in this discussion; that there has to be a reason why, over the last 15 years we haven't solved this problem as a nation.

Stop and think. Our unemployment level is about 4.5, and that's about as low as you can get it. So where is the problem? We have to have people fill these jobs. They come in and fill these jobs. We call them illegal.

Are they illegal? They're filling jobs that need to be done. If we were to chase them out, aren't we playing to the nativist, the crazies who are opposed to anybody coming in since they got here?

And the media plays into this. The Congress plays into this. Just open our doors. When the jobs are there to be filled, they'll come in. The jobs aren't there, they'll go home.

We can deal with all these other problems in trade, but we're making a mountain out of a mole hill. We're creating laws. We're trying to deal with this.

Deal with the obvious. We do not seem, as a nation, to be able to solve this problem the way we've been approaching it.

MODERATOR Senator Mike Gravel, Former Senator Mike Gravel, thanks very much.

A couple of other candidates had their hands up, but we are approaching a break here so let me assure you that we will continue a bit more on this topic after the break.

You are listening to the NPR Democratic candidates' debate from Des Moines. We're going to take a break of about a minute. This is special coverage from NPR News. (BREAK)

MODERATOR Let's start right back in with Senator Clinton, who had her hand up before.

And I do want to ask about a very similar topic, Senator. You said in a debate on Saturday night that you support people who are, as you put it, Yes, undocumented, but also working hard, trying to support their families. That's why they're here.

In the same answer, you said you want to crack down on employers.

Is there a contradiction there? If you crack down on employers, doesn't that mean you're telling employers to put these hard-working people, as you define them, out of work?

LOSER No, there is no contradiction. You know, comprehensive immigration reform means five things. You have to have tough border security plus a system of knowing who's here and what they're doing.

Secondly, you've got to crack down on employers, because people wouldn't come if there weren't a job waiting for them.

Third, you've got to provide more help to local communities to be able to bear the cost, because they don't set immigration policy.

Fourth, you do have to do what Chris Dodd is talking about, and that is, try to create some economic activity by working with the countries to our south.

But, fifth, you've got to have a path toward legalization.

And I'm in favor of all of that.

MODERATOR But granted that...

LOSER And I just want to...

MODERATOR But granting that it may take a while to do that...

LOSER Well, yes, it will. But let's put this in context, because, you know, sometimes we talk about these issues as though they're stove piped.

Part of the reason we're having this contentious, demagogic debate right now about immigration is because the economy is not performing for average Americans.

Yes, the reported unemployment rate is 4.7 percent. But the labor force participation rate has fallen dramatically. That means people have given up looking for work.

There is no effort to try to ease the transitions that do happen in any economy.

You know, I traveled this country extensively during the 1990s. I did not hear this kind of contentious debate. Why? Because we had 22.7 million new jobs. People's incomes were rising. They felt like there was plenty of opportunity to go around.

Now, Americans feel like they're standing on a trapdoor.

MODERATOR Granting that you want to do several things, it appears from the reality of the moment that the easy thing to do is to crack down. Everything else is hard and may take a while.

January 2009, as I've asked other candidates, are you going to crack down on employers, given that that may harm people you've defined as hard-working?

LOSER I will crack down on employers. I will do all five things that I just outlined. But I think it's important to look at where this debate is often taken to such an extreme, because you'll hear the voices of those saying, Deport people. Round them up.

That is absolutely unrealistic, and it is not in keeping with American values.

The best estimates I have is it would take about $200 billion over five years to round up 12 to 14 million people. It would takes tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of new law enforcement officials. It would take a convoy of 200,000 buses stretching 1,700 miles.

People in America would be outraged at the loss of their privacy and the invasion of their homes and businesses.

So we've got to do all five of the things, and I would start immediately to do that.

MODERATOR Senators Obama and Dodd, can you limit yourselves to 30 seconds each?

Senator Obama?

WINNER You've asked a couple of times, Are you going to crack down on January 1st, 2009?

Listen, I will initiate the process immediately. But to get comprehensive reform, to get an employer-verification system that works is going to take some time, just the same way that a pathway to legalization is going to take some time.

But what it takes is some leadership. Look, two years ago, I worked with about 10 other senators -- McCain, Kennedy, Graham -- an unlikely group -- Brownback -- and we put together a package that had everything that Senator Clinton and others have talked about.

It had some provisions we didn't like in it, but we were able to pass it with a significant majority in the Senate.

But what you have not see over the last several years is leadership from the president to change the tone and to describe to the American people how we can be a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Just a couple of points. And that point that Barack just made is very important. This is a failure of leadership by this administration to step in at critical moments when we could have gotten something done.

We need to also recognize there are people at this very hour that are showing up at U.S. embassies all over the world who are seeking to come here through legal means, and we need to keep them in mind. If it looks as though they're fools to be doing what they're doing, because we're creating virtually an amnesty program in this country, then you're going to have an awful problem around the world.

So we need to understand that.

And, thirdly, this point. Look, let's understand this. The Republicans, the extreme conservatives here, want this issue on the table. They don't want to talk about the war in Iraq. They don't want to talk about the failure of fiscal policies here at home. They don't want to talk about what's going on with health care in the country. So they're going to use this issue as a wedge issue here to inflame the passions, the fears and hatreds of too many Americans.

We've see it in the past in our country. It's dangerous politics. And we need to describe it for what it is.

MODERATOR I'm sorry that we're limited on time. We need to move on.

MODERATOR A question for Senator Edwards.

If you're elected president you'll hear competing claims about H1B visas for highly skilled workers.

People like Bill Gates will tell you we should have much, much more of them to bring in more highly skilled workers.

Critics of that will say No, the United States is training other countries' engineers, and in fact those workers are working for less than American-trained specialists and engineers would.

What would you do as president, expand H1B visas or scale them back?

LOSER Well, the first point is Why is America not educating and training American workers to do these jobs?

I mean, that's the starting point.

MODERATOR Well, there are Americans who say that they are being trained for those jobs, but that they can't compete with workers from India, who will work for 10 percent less.

LOSER And that's the reason. If American workers are actually competent to do those jobs, American workers should be doing those jobs.

The whole purpose of the H1B visa program is to bring people from other places who have to do jobs that we don't have American workers to do.

Now, I think there are two pieces to this. One is, if there are American workers who can do the jobs, they should be doing them, as I just said. And they will, when I'm president.

Second, if we don't have adequate American workers -- and this is the other side of the equation, what Bill Gates and others would argue, and I've heard the same arguments -- then that means America's not doing its job of educating our young people.

MODERATOR But are you saying that, for you it's a matter of fact-finding, to see which way you would go on H1B visas, or have you already made up your mind that they should be limited or they should be increased?

LOSER I believe that there are American workers who can do some of these jobs that people are being brought from other places to do. And I think those American workers, if they're there and available, should be doing the jobs.

But you've got to give my 30 more seconds on this. Because you can' ignore the underlying issue. The underlying issue is, are we making it easier for kids to go to college?

Are we driving our young people into engineering, science, and math, the very areas that we're talking about?

And are we doing it in a way that will strengthen the American economy over the long-term?

Because if we don't -- if we are not the most creative, best educated, most innovative workforce on the planet, it is very difficult for us to compete.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER Look, I've been working with this for a long time, as former chairman of the Judiciary Committee -- that's where it comes out of. We have it about right now, except that the employers aren't doing their part.

You used the example of an Indian engineer who'd work less than an American engineer. The truth is they're not allowed to hire based on that.

They got offered the job. If there's American there that will take the job, they can't undercut it by hiring an Indian engineer who will work for less. That's illegal. We're not enforcing it.

The second point I'd make is, you know, we make this all out to be so black and white. I'm the author of the Violence Against Women Act. It came to my attention not long -- it's relevant, believe it or not.

What happened? Immigrant women getting the living crap beat out of them; getting brutalized -- brutalized. And they're afraid to come forward and acknowledge they're being brutalized because they'll be deported.

So what we have to do, sometimes humanitarian needs trump -- trump immigration laws. So what did I do? I changed the law. My colleagues all voted for it.

It's now the law that a woman who comes forward of being beaten will be effectively immune from being deported so you can put the SOB who's beating her in jail.

So sometimes it trumps.

Sometimes humanitarian needs trump an existing law relating to immigration like that.

MODERATOR Let me move on to another subject here because our time is quite short.

LOSER Health care would be a good example of that as well.

(CROSSTALK)



MODERATOR Let me move on. We're running shy of time here. And I'll tell you, we're going to do about five or six minutes on immigration, and then there's one final question we're going to throw to all of you and give you an opportunity on.

We mentioned that we've been taking questions from listeners in recent weeks about this debate, and one is on a small issue that I think points to a large concern.

It comes from Tally Wilson (ph) of Boone, North Carolina. And her concern has to do with those voicemail automated messages that you get if you call a government office or a business office, the ones that say, For English, press one; para Espanol, oprima numero dos.

She says, Suddenly we're asked what language we speak in our own country. Will you remove the question about what language we speak when we call any U.S. government office?

Senator Obama.

WINNER No. Because there are Spanish-speaking U.S. citizens who may not speak English well, and if they're seeking help, for example, on some vital health care question or a senior citizen who immigrated here a long time ago, and they're trying to get their Social Security check, I don't want them to not be able to get those services.

MODERATOR Larger question here, to Senator Clinton, which is Is this country gradually going to become more a Spanish-speaking country? And should we accept that?

LOSER Well, there's three different points here. First, we need to have English as a common, unifying language. It's an important part of who we are and how we keep this big, diverse country of ours going.

Secondly, as Barack said, there are a lot of Americans who are citizens who speak different languages. I represent New York City. I think there's like 170 languages and dialects. The city would be in total chaos if people didn't get some services and some, you know, help in the language that they actually understood.

And, thirdly, you know, part of what the challenge here is is to make it clear that we do expect people who want to become legal in America to try to learn English. But that doesn't mean that they have to give up the language that they originally had.

But we have to do more with English as second language, more help in schools, to get people to be able to speak and comprehend English.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER I was able to defeat an English only proposal in the Ohio Senate years ago when I pointed out our state's founding documents were in German.

We need to have our children learn languages. I mean, what does this serve the other? Why are we separating ourselves from the possibility of being able to merge with the world. An insular and isolated America, doesn't cut it. And so, what I'm talking about is rebuild our economy, do it confidently, and encourage the American people to work -- to reach out.

My political philosophy -- I see the world as one. I see the world as being interconnected and interdependent and there being an imperative for human unity.

And so we need to reach out and education is the way to do it. Let's have our children learn languages and let's grow our economy in a confident way full employment economy, jobs for all, health care for all, not-for-profit health care for all.

MODERATOR Anybody here willing to say directly that immigration, because of the millions and millions of people involved, is going to change American culture as it has in the past? American is not going to be the same kind of place it is now.

Senator Gravel?

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER It always has been. All waves have changed our society. And it's changed it for the good.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER Yes, it will change our culture. But they'll speak English. Like every other large wave of immigrants, once they are bond with the second generation, they'll all be speaking English.

What's the fear here? Give me an example where that hasn't happened.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Dennis said something important. I believe -- and I'm probably maybe the only candidate here who speaks fluently a second language -- Bill Richardson isn't here today...

LOSER Stop bragging.

LOSER The point is, you need to be, I think, enriching this. Paul Simon, a former colleague in the United States Senate, wrote a book called The Tongue Tied Americans.

And understand, what I mentioned at the outset of this debate about having to run classified ads to find Arabic speakers at the time after 9/11 is an indication that we need to be talking more about that.

And clearly, as Joe, as you said, this is a source of our wealth and richness, is this country. We have so benefited as a result of people who come here because of religious, political persecution, seeking a better life for their families.

This has been a great source of strength for our country. We need to work with it, obviously, be practical about. But this is a source of pride in our country.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

LOSER Not something to be talked about in negative terms.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I completely agree with Chris. Look, a Pew study just came out that shows the next generation; children of Spanish speakers, learn English.

LOSER That's right.

WINNER You know, they're going to do the same thing that every generation did, so we shouldn't worry about this.

But on the issue of legal immigration, I think an earlier point was made -- we have a broken legal immigration system that has to be expedited. That's part of the problem that we're seeing, whether it's H1B visas or others. It's too cumbersome, it's often too expensive and unwieldy. That's something I will do as part of comprehensive immigration reform.

MODERATOR That has to be the last word on immigration. We still have a few minutes left on the clock and we want to use it for one more question from voters. We were speaking to some Iowa voters on Saturday morning in Des Moines, and we received one question which we wanted to put to you all.

The gentleman's name is James Irwin. He is a Democrat, by the way.

And we asked him, What are some things you want to know from the Democratic presidential candidates? , and this was his choice.

QUESTION What do you think the toughest choice you have left to make is? Is it gay marriage, immigration, the war in Iraq? What haven't you made up you mind on yet, and why haven't you?

MODERATOR We'll go left to right, just the way we've introduced people.

Senator Clinton, what is something you don't know the answer to?

LOSER Oh, there's a lot things I don't know the answer to.

MODERATOR Name one?

LOSER Well, I mean, obviously, everything we started off talking about in the beginning of this debate.

We're going to have so much repair work to do around the world. What are the best ways to try to stabilize the very difficult problems we face, from Iran to China? And I have some very clear ideas about it, but I'm not going to sit here and say that I have the answers.

MODERATOR We're going to have to go rather quickly. If you can name one specific thing, one specific thing.

LOSER I don't have the answer to be able to persuade the American people that they are the solution, not their leaders. I wish I had the answer to convince them of that.

MODERATOR That's Senator Mike Gravel, Former Senator Mike Gravel.

Senator Obama?

WINNER The issue of climate change. I've put forward one of the most aggressive proposals out there. But the science seems to be coming in indicating it's accelerating even more quickly with every passing day, and by the time I take office I think we're going to have to have a serious conversation about how drastic steps we need to take to address it.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER I would say the single largest issue in many ways for us to grapple with is education, because it's the heart of who we are, both in terms of our governance and economic strength in the future. And convincing everyone in the country the importance and the priority of that issue is something that I think is going to be critical to the success of our country in the 21st century.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER I know exactly what I'd do on those foreign policy issues, but, quite frankly, I think the toughest choice for me, the thing I'm most unsure about is how you rationalize competition in trade policy.

I think that's the single most difficult challenge that I will have as president.

LOSER Who I would choose as my vice president and whether...



... to consider any of these people sitting at the table with me?



MODERATOR Anybody want to put in a resume or anything, at this time?

No one seems to be very eager to grab that job at this time.

LOSER They will. They will.

MODERATOR But is there seriously -- is there seriously something that you're wrestling with?

LOSER I think we have an enormous struggle to try to restore the power in the country and the democracy back to the American people, and take it away from big corporate interests, et cetera, who have taken over the democracy.

MODERATOR And you're not sure...

LOSER I think there are many ways to do that. And I think the starting place is to galvanize America to do it. But I think it is central to what we need to do for America.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER I wrestle with the question as to whether or not the president and the vice president should be held liable for crimes for taking us unto a war based on lies.

I mean, I'm ready to be president. I've been right all along on Iraq, on Iran, on not-for-profit health care, on giving our children a chance for an education from age three, all the way through...

MODERATOR Oh, come on. You know what you want to do on that. You want to -- you want to impeach people.

LOSER Listen. I'm ready to be president. I am president. And the standards -- I'm the only one here who has said that both President Bush and Vice President Cheney ought to be impeached for lying to the American people, not only to take us into war against Iraq, but now, this new development, with the national intelligence estimate.

Tell us what our standards should be for the Oval Office. Tell us what standards -- I'm asking my colleagues here -- that you would expect to be obtained by anybody who would be president.

Can you lie about a war? Is that OK?

MODERATOR Let me -- because we still have a few seconds left, I heard a number of specific answers.

And I want to come back to you, Senator Clinton. You said there were a host of things that you don't know the answers to. Would you like to name one, since your fellow candidates did, in general, name something in particular?

LOSER Well, you know, I think that -- you know, when you are running for president, you do your very best to try to anticipate what the problems are going to be.

I think we have such serious issues when it comes to the economy. I think we're heading into some very turbulent waters on the economy. How are we going to balance what we need to do to perhaps stimulate our way out of some very difficult economic conditions, which are certainly being predicted now, at the same time getting back to making sure we don't put the burden on the middle class?

And I intend to have an economic policy that will get us through what I'm afraid we're going to inherit from the Bush administration.

MODERATOR OK.

Senator Clinton, Senator Gravel, Senator Obama, Senator Dodd, Senator Biden, Senator Edwards, Congressman Kucinich, that's where we'll have to leave it.

Thank you very much to all of you. It's been a great discussion. We appreciate it.

MODERATOR So let's begin our questioning tonight, Campbell Brown. Campbell?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, recently in an interview on CNN, you said of the last debate that you weren't at your best that day. You stumbled on an important question involving illegal immigration. But your opponents are saying that that's really part of a larger pattern with you, that you often avoid taking firm positions on controversial issues. And one of your opponents on this stage calls this the politics of parsing. How do you respond to that?

LOSER Well, Campbell, I am happy to be here tonight. And this pantsuit is asbestos tonight. (Laughter.) So, I -- I am aware that some people say that, but I think that the American people know where I've stood for 35 years. I've been fighting for issues affecting women and children, workers and families. I've been fighting for universal health care. And I know that people are looking at this campaign and evaluating us, and I've put forth very specific policies about what I will do as president, because this has to be a big election. This is going to be one of the most important elections we've ever had in our country's history, and it is important that we have a candidate who is tested and a president who is ready to lead from day one. And I'm perfectly comfortable leaving these assessments up to the American people to make their judgments among us.

MODERATOR Let me bring in Senator Obama, because you've been among those critical of Senator Clinton. You've suggested she's triangulating, whatever that means, on some of the key issues; she's running a textbook Washington campaign, you've suggested that. I want you to explain, if you don't mind, Senator, what do you mean by that?

WINNER Well, first of all, I'm really happy to be here in Nevada and I appreciate this opportunity.

Senator Clinton, I think, is a capable politician, and I think that she has run a terrific campaign. But what the American people are looking for right now is straight answers to tough questions. And that is not what we've seen out of Senator Clinton on a host of issues, on the issue of driver's licenses for illegal immigrants.

We saw in the last debate that it took not just that debate but two more weeks before we could get a clear answer in terms of where her position was. The same is true on Social Security. We have serious disagreements about how we're going to make sure that Social Security is there for the people who need it.

And what I'm absolutely convinced of is that right now, we need a different kind of politics. Everywhere I go, all throughout Nevada, people are struggling with health care. People are working harder for less. They are having a tougher time saving, tougher time retiring. And part of the reason is because they don't feel that Washington is listening to them.

And what I want to do in this campaign is make certain that we are breaking out of the gridlock and partisanship and the standard practices of Washington and actually start listening to the American people to get things done.

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Clinton, do you want to respond?

LOSER Well, I hear what Senator Obama is saying, and he talks a lot about stepping up and taking responsibility and taking strong positions. But when it came time to step up and decide whether or not he would support universal health care coverage, he chose not to do that. His plan would leave 15 million Americans out. That's about the population of Nevada, Iowa, South Carolina and New Hampshire.

I have a universal health care plan that covers everyone. I've been fighting this battle against the special interest for more than 15 years, and I am proud to fight this battle. You know, we can have a different politic, but let's not forget here that the people who we're against are not going to be giving up without a fight. The Republicans are not going to vacate the White House voluntarily. We have some big issues ahead of us, and we need someone who is tested and ready to lead. I think that's what my candidacy offers. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Obama.WINNER Well, let's talk about health care right now because the fact of the matter is that I do provide universal health care. The only difference between Senator Clinton's health care plan and mine is that she thinks the problem for people without health care is that nobody has mandated -- forced -- them to get health care. That's not what I'm seeing around Nevada. What I see are people who would love to have health care. They -- they desperately want it. But the problem is they can't afford it, which is why we have put forward legislation -- (cheers, applause) -- we've put forward a plan that makes sure that it is affordable to get health care that is as good as the health care that I have as a member of Congress. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER That's what the American people are looking for. That's what they deserve. And that's why I intend to provide as president of the United States.

LOSER Wolf, I -- Wolf, I cannot let that go unanswered.

You know, the most important thing here is to level with the American people. Senator Obama's health care plan does not cover everyone. He starts with children, which is admirable -- I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program back in 1997. I'm totally committed -- (applause) --

WINNER That's not true, Wolf.

LOSER -- to making sure every single child is covered. He does not mandate the kind of coverage that I do. And I provide a health care tax credit under my American Health Choices Plan so that every American will be able to afford the health care. I open up the congressional plan. But there is a big difference between Senator Obama and me. He starts from the premise of not reaching universal health care.

WINNER Wolf --

(Cross talk.)

MODERATOR Hold on. One at a -- one at a time.

 (Inaudible) -- in control. (Applause.)

WINNER No, I understand, but look, I'm not going to --

MODERATOR Senator Obama, we're going to have a lot more on health care.

 There's no -- (inaudible).

WINNER I will be very brief on this issue. Hillary states --

AUDIENCE MEMBER (Off mike.)

WINNER -- states that she wants -- she states that she wants to mandate health care coverage, but she's not garnishing people's wages to make sure that they have it.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER She's not --

AUDIENCE MEMBER (Off mike.)

MODERATOR Okay, please.

WINNER She is -- she is --

AUDIENCE MEMBER (Off mike.)

MODERATOR Go ahead, Senator.

WINNER She is not -- she is not enforcing this mandate.

And I don't think that the problem with the American people is that they are not being forced to get health care.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER The problem is, they can't afford it. And that is why my plan provides the mechanism to make sure that they can. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right, we're going to get back on health care shortly because we have a lot more to talk about. (Cross talk.)

I want Senator Edwards to weigh in, because you've spoken about the politics of parsing in your criticism of Senator Clinton. I want you to explain what that means.

LOSER Well, can I say first, nobody on this stage is perfect, and that certainly includes me. (Cross talk.) And I don't claim perfection, far from it.

What I would say is that the issue is whether we can have a president that can restore trust for the American people in the president of the United States. (Applause.) Because I think this president has destroyed that trust, and I think there are fair questions to be asked of all of us, including Senator Clinton.

Senator Clinton says she will end the war. She also says she will continue to keep combat troops in Iraq and continue combat missions in Iraq. She says she will turn up the heat on George Bush and the Republicans. But when the crucial vote came on stopping Bush, Cheney and the neocons on Iran, she voted with Bush and Cheney. (Applause.)

On the issue of Social Security, she said, standing beside me on the stage, that she would not do anything about the cap on Social Security taxes. And she has said privately to people, because it's been reported in the press, that, in fact, she would consider raising that cap. And the most important issue is, she says she will bring change to Washington while she continues to defend a system that does not work, that is broken, that is rigged and is corrupt, corrupted against the interest of most Americans and corrupted -- (cheers, applause).

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER Let me -- and corrupted for a very small, very powerful, very well-financed --

MODERATOR We're going to --

LOSER So we have fundamental differences.

MODERATOR We're going to get all of these issues, including energy and Iran and everything else.

LOSER Well, Wolf, I've just been personally attacked again.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I'll let you respond because there was a direct charge made against you.

LOSER And I -- thank you. Yes.

MODERATOR Then we're going to bring in everybody. Everyone's going to get time tonight. Don't worry. We got a lot of time.

Go ahead.

LOSER Well, you know, I respect all of my colleagues on this stage -- (laughter) -- and, you know, we're Democrats and we're trying to nominate the very best person we can to win. And I don't mind taking hits on my record, on issues, but when somebody starts throwing mud, at least we can hope that it's both accurate and not right out of the Republican playbook because what I -- (cheers, applause) -- what I believe is important is that we put forth what we stand for. I have been active for 35 years. The American people know where I stand.

You know, Senator Edwards raised health care again. When Senator Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now. But for him to be throwing this mud and making these charges, I think, really detracts from what we're trying to do here tonight. We need to put forth a positive agenda for America -- (cheers, applause) --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- telling people what we're going to do when we get the chance to go back to the White House.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, we're going to give you a chance in a second. (Continued cheers, applause.)

We're going to give Senator Edwards a chance to respond. I want Senator -- Senator Biden to weigh in.

Senator Biden?

LOSER Oh, no, no, no, no, no. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR I want you to weigh in.

LOSER Don't do it. No. Don't make me speak.

MODERATOR I want you to. Go ahead.

What do you think -- Senator Biden, here's the question. What do you think about this exchange among Democrats? Is that good for the Democrats or is it bad?

LOSER Hey, look, let's get to it, folks. The American people don't give a darn about any of this stuff that's going on up here. Look, they're sitting -- now, seriously, think about it. They're sitting down at their table tonight, they've put their kids to bed, and they're worrying about whether or not their child's going to run into a drug dealer on the way to school.

They're worrying about whether or not they're going to be able to pay for their mortgage, because even if they didn't have one of those subprime mortgages, things are looking bad for them. They're worrying about whether they're going to keep their job. And they're worrying about their son in the National Guard's going to get killed in Iraq. (Applause.)

Ladies and gentlemen, look, every -- every political campaign gets to this place. And I'm not criticizing any of the three people who are the ones who always get to talk all the time at these events. (Laughter.) I'm not. I'm not. I'm not criticizing. But look, folks, let's get straight to it here. This is not about experience, it's not about change, it's about action.

Who among us is going to be able to on day one step in, (end ?) the war. Who among us understands what to do about Pakistan? Who among us is going to pick up the phone and immediately interface with Putin and tell him to lay off Georgia because Saakashvili is in real trouble? Who among us knows what they're doing?

I have 35 years of experience. While everyone's talking about their experience -- and Hillary has a great experience, and John and the rest of them -- I was passing the Violence Against Women Act. I was passing the crime bill.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER I was passing -- you're right. (Extended cheers and applause.)

MODERATOR Let me just point out, everyone's going to have plenty of time tonight. I want John Roberts to go ahead and ask the next question, and then we'll bring everybody in, I promise.

ROBERTS Senator Clinton, you were saying just a moment ago -- (laughter) -- (boos) -- that you -- the question's not going to her, by the way. Reiterating what she said. You said you're not -- you think it's legitimate for you to take hits on your record. Well, some of those hits on your record have come from the far right-hand side of the stage, from Senator Edwards, who has frequently attacked you for flip-flopping.

But Senator, you have changed your position on several issues. You were for the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository before you were against it. You were for the Iraq war before you were against it. People change their positions. If it's fair for you to change your position, is it not fair for her to change hers? (Applause.)

LOSER It's absolutely fair. But -- (applause) -- it's absolutely fair for people to learn from their experience and grow and mature and change. Anybody who's not willing to change based on what they learn is ignorant, and everybody ought to be willing to do that.

That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying there's a difference between that and saying exact -- saying two contrary things at exactly the same time. I mean, for example, just over the course of the last week, Senator Clinton said in Washington that she would vote for the Peru trade deal -- (boos) -- and she said in Iowa, talking to union members, that she wanted a moratorium on trade deals.

The important thing about this, though, is none of us -- none of us -- because the reality is -- and I want to add onto something that Joe Biden said. You know, before I came over here tonight, I was thinking, we're going to have this debate; when we finish, all of you are going to be on television saying, oh, who scored points, who won the debate. All of us are going to be fine. The question is, will America be fine?

Because what I saw -- (cheers, applause) -- before we came over here on your troll underneath the screen, 35 million Americans last year went hungry. Thirty-seven million people in this country live in poverty every day. Forty-seven million Americans have no health care coverage. And there is a fundamental choice that everyone in this room and Democratic voters have to make, and that is, who do you believe will take on this system and change it so that it is no longer rigged, corrupt and --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- rigged against the interests --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- of the American people. That is the fundamental choice. And I think people are entitled to know that they have choices. There's nothing personal about this. This is about what America needs to be. This is about those 35 million people --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- who are hungry every single year. When is our party --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- going to show a little backbone and strength --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- and courage and speak up --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- for those people who have been left behind? (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Hold on one second.

I want Senator Dodd to weigh in, Senator Dodd, because you said -- made a statement earlier in the week -- and I'm quoting you now -- you're "surprised at just how angry Senator Edwards has become."

And you've suggested he's not the same person I once knew. (Laughter.)

Go ahead and elaborate. Tell us what you mean.

LOSER Well, let me pick up on this point here. I think, first of all, we Democrats have a job to do, and that is to unite this party, attract independents, Republicans who are seeking change to join us 12 months from now and elect a Democrat to the White House and to hold on to the House and Senate. That's number one. (Cheers, applause.) And it's going to take more than just getting people in our own party to support us. We're going to have to reach out.

There's a shrillness to the debate. The American people want results. They want the job done, exactly what Joe Biden talked about here. When people get up in the morning and go to work, they sit around and they worry about their jobs, their retirement, their health care, their kids' education, and they wonder if anybody in Washington is paying any attention to them and whether or not the job is being done on their behalf. And frankly, when a campaign is about turning up the heat or who's angrier or who's yelling louder, the American people turn off, in terms of listening. They want us to come together. They want a president that can lead the country. We want a Democratic candidate who can unite our party, and I think if we waste time on the shrillness of this debate, then we lose the American people. So it's important to focus on those.

Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

Governor Richardson, go ahead.

LOSER By the way, I'm Bill Richardson. I'm the governor of New Mexico. (Laughter, cheers, applause.) Nice to meet you all.

You know, it seems that John wants to start a class war. It seems that Barack wants to start a generational war. It seems that Senator Clinton with all due respect on her plan on Iraq doesn't end the war -- (audio break from source). (Laughter, cheers.) And I say that -- I say that because these are the fundamental issues.

Do our plans end the war? Do our plans make America energy independent? Do our plans give health care to every American? Are we creating jobs and economic growth? Are we resolving the real problems affecting this country? You know, let's stop this mud slinging. Let's stop this going after each other on character, on trust. Let us debate the issues that affect the American people -- (cheers, applause) -- and let us be positive. Let's be positive.

MODERATOR I just want to go down the line and ask everyone, and then we're going to move on to the next question.

Just to be precise because there was a little confusion, thanks to Senator Edwards earlier in the week, I just want to make sure I fully understand all of you Democrats. Are you ready to commit absolutely, positively that you will support the Democratic nominee, no matter who that nominee is, no ifs, ands or buts?

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Is that a planted question?

MODERATOR Yes, I planted it. (Laughter.)

LOSER Yes, I absolutely will support the Democratic nominee for president.

LOSER Absolutely yes. (Applause.)

LOSER Absolutely yes.

LOSER Only if they oppose war as an instrument of policy. (Applause.)

LOSER Yes, I will support the nominee.

LOSER Hell, no, I wouldn't support any of these guys. (Laughter.)

No, I'm joking, joking. Of course, for them all.

MODERATOR Campbell, go ahead.

MODERATOR All right, let's talk about the issues.

Senator Obama, I want to ask you about immigration. It's an important issue in this state in particular. There are between 100,000 to 200,000 illegal immigrants here in Nevada. And you've supported various benefits for illegal immigrants, including driver's licenses and in-state college tuition.

What do you say to those Americans who say they are losing out because you would give benefits to people who broke the laws of this country, who came here illegally? And then more generally as president, where do you draw the line when it comes to benefits for illegal immigrants?

WINNER I would say that they're justified in feeling frustrated because this administration -- the Bush administration -- has done nothing to control the problem that we have. We've had 5 million undocumented workers come over the borders since George Bush took office. It has become an extraordinary problem, and the reason the American people are concerned is because they are seeing their own economic position slip away.

And oftentimes employers are exploiting these undocumented workers. They're not paying them minimum wage. They're not observing worker safety laws. (Applause.) And so what we have to do is create a comprehensive solution to the problem.

Now, I have already stated that, as president, I will make sure that we finally have the kind of border security that we need. That's step number one. (Applause.)

Step number two is to take on employers. Right now, they -- an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker. That has to change. They have to be held accountable. (Applause.)

And when we do those things -- when we do those things, I believe that we can take the undocumented workers, the illegal aliens who are here, get them out of the shadows, make sure that they are subject to a stiff penalty, make sure that they're learning English, make sure that they go to the back of the line so they're not getting an advantage over people who came here legally. And when we do that, I think that we can, instead of shedding all this heat, start shedding some light on the problem, and we can once again be a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. That's what I intend to do as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. I want to just press you on this point because it's a logical follow-up, and then I want to go and ask everyone. On the issue that apparently tripped up Senator Clinton earlier, the issue of driver's licenses for illegal immigrants, I take it, Senator Obama, you support giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. Is that right?

WINNER When I was a state senator in Illinois, I voted to require that illegal aliens get trained, get a license, get insurance to protect public safety. (Scattered applause.) That was my intention. And -- but I have to make sure that people understand the problem we have here is not drivers licenses. Undocumented workers don't come here to drive. (Laughter.) They don't go -- they're not coming here to go to the In-N-Out Burger. That's not the reason they're here. They're here to work. And so instead of being distracted by what has now become a wedge issue, let's focus on actually solving the problem that --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER -- this administration, the Bush administration, has done nothing about.

MODERATOR Well, let's go through everybody because I want to be precise. I want to make sure the viewers and those of us who are here fully understand all of your positions on this.

Barring, avoiding, assuming there isn't going to be comprehensive immigration reform, do you support or oppose drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?

WINNER I am not proposing that that's what we do. What I'm saying is that we can't -- (interrupted by laughter). No, no, no, no, look, I have already said I support the notion that we have to deal with public safety and that drivers licenses at the state level can make that happen. But what I also --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER But what I also know, Wolf, is that if we keep on getting distracted by this problem, then we are not solving it.

MODERATOR But -- because this is the kind of question that is sort of available for a yes or no answer. (Laughter, cheers, applause.) Either you support it or you oppose it. Let's go down and get a yes or no from everyone starting with Senator Edwards.

LOSER Tell me again what your question is. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Do you support drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?

LOSER If we don't have --

MODERATOR Assuming we don't -- in the absence of comprehensive immigration reform -- doesn't look like it's going to happen any time soon -- do you support drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?

LOSER No, but I don't accept the proposition that we're not going to have comprehensive immigration reform. What I do support -- (scattered applause) -- and what I will do as president of the United States is move this country toward comprehensive immigration reform --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- and anyone who's on the path to earning American citizenship should be able to have a drivers license. (Scattered cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, it's important to put it in context. Obviously, look, clarity is important here. The American people in a debate like this want clarity here, and certainly the whole idea of getting immigration reform, something I strongly support -- but I believe part of our job is to discourage those who want to come here. I understand why they want to come, but coming illegally creates serious problems, 4(00,000) to 500,000.

MODERATOR So is that a yes or a no?

LOSER No, my belief is that giving a driver's -- as I've said from the very beginning here, I think driver's licenses are the wrong thing to be doing in terms of attracting people to come here as undocumented.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you.

Senator Obama, yes or no?

WINNER Yes.

(Cross talk.)

MODERATOR Okay. (Applause.)

WINNER I am going to be fighting for comprehensive immigration reform, and we shouldn't pose the question that somehow we can't achieve that. I believe that the American people desperately want it. That's what I'm going to be fighting for as president.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER I take issue with your description of people being illegal immigrants. There aren't any illegal human beings; that's number one. Number two, they're undocumented. And I believe that the best way to do it -- (applause) -- thank you -- I believe the best way to deal with this is cancel NAFTA and renegotiate the trade agreement with Mexico. (Cheers, applause.)

Also --

MODERATOR Well, let me rephrase the question, Congressman.

LOSER So the driver's --

MODERATOR If undocumented people in this country --

LOSER Give people -- Wolf --

MODERATOR -- should be able to get driver's licenses.

LOSER You give people a path to legalization, and then they can be legal and have their driver's license. That's the way to work it. That's the way to work it.

MODERATOR (Inaudible) -- comprehensive immigration reform.

LOSER You know what? You give people a path to legalization, and you work to make sure that you don't criminalize their status any further. And again, I take exception to the way you frame that question. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Well, my answer is yes, and I did it. You know why? Because the Congress -- I notice Barack mentioned the president, but the Congress also failed miserably to pass comprehensive immigration. And we need to have it in this country.

I did it four years ago. My legislature sent me a bill. I signed it. My law enforcement people said it's a matter of public safety. What we need is public safety, a reduction in traffic fatalities. We wanted more people to be insured. When we started with this program, 33 percent of all New Mexicans had -- were uninsured. Today it's 11 percent. Traffic fatalities have gone down. It's a matter of public safety.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER The states have to act when the federal government and the Congress doesn't act. The answer is comprehensive immigration. (Cheers, applause.) The answer is --

MODERATOR Your answer is yes.

LOSER -- secure the borders, a stronger relationship with Mexico. Those that knowingly hire illegal workers should be punished, and a path to legalization. That is the solution.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER No. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR John Roberts.

ROBERTS Senator Dodd, a lot of people in this room no doubt are very concerned about the quality of education that their children will have, and how it will prepare them for post-secondary education and the working world after that. In workplaces across America, it's pretty common practice to reward high-performing employees with pay raises, and to terminate bad employees. However in our education system across the country, by and large in our nation's public schools, teachers unions make it difficult to do that.

The question is, what is wrong with rewarding a teacher who excels at the job that they're doing by paying them more than an average teacher would make? (Applause.)

LOSER Well, I think if you define excelling by teachers who will go into poor rural or poor urban areas and make a difference, mentor children after school, put in extra time to make a difference, then I think that sort of merit pay has value. If you're judging excelling by determining whether or not that teacher has students who do better because they're in better neighborhoods or better schools, I'm totally opposed to that. That's not the way to be judging these matters. (Cheers, applause.)

This is a -- this is critical. I always say this is the single most important issue. I've been asked the question, over 26 years in the Senate, 1,000 times. It's a very difficult question to answer What's the most important issue?

This is the most important issue. Every other issue we grapple with depends upon our ability to have the best educated generation we've ever produced. (Applause.) And we need to have, in my view, far more cooperation at the national level.

We spend less than 5 percent of the national budget on elementary and secondary education. That is deplorable in my view. It's basically -- (applause). We need to fundamentally reform No Child Left Behind. No Child Left Behind is a disaster for most schools and most people. (Cheers, applause.)

I've spent -- I've spent 26 years in the Senate. I started the Children's Caucus 26 years ago with Arlen Specter. I wrote the legislation dealing with after-school programs, infant screening, autism issues as well. Spent a good deal of my time -- I -- Head Start Senator of the Decade by the Head Start Association. I've dedicated a good part of my public career to children and to education, one-quarter of the population but truly 100 percent of our future.

This is an issue that deserves far more attention. We ought to have one single debate on education. (Cheers, applause.) It comes up about once every two hours of the discussion. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We're talking about education right now, and I want to bring Congressman Kucinich in because I know you're a strong supporter of the unions. The teachers' union, very powerful -- teachers' unions, very powerful. Are there any issues with unions -- teachers' unions, or other unions for that matter -- with which you disagree?

LOSER My father was a truck driver. He was a member of the Teamsters. I happen to be a member of the IATSE. I think that the trade -- that the union movement is essential to upholding human rights. And I think that if we had trade agreements that had workers' rights in them, that would lift up conditions for workers in this country and in all countries.

So I'm the candidate of workers in this -- this campaign because I've stood for jobs for all, full-employment economy; health care for all; education for all. And the fact of the matter is that a Kucinich administration will mean a worker's White House.

Right now wealth is being accelerated upwards, and I'm the one candidate in the race who comes right from the working class and can address those needs directly because I remember where I came from. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. I take it the answer is there's nothing -- there's no issue -- no major issues. You disagree with America's unions.

LOSER Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue. (Scattered applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Okay.

Governor?

LOSER But I'm for working people. That's why I'm up here.

LOSER I think the key -- I want to be the education president. The key to a good education is a strong teacher. One of the problems we have in this country is we disrespect teachers. We underpay them. (Cheers, applause.) I would have a minimum wage for all teachers starting out at $40,000 per year.

And Chris, I think we need to be bolder with No Child Left Behind. I would junk it. This is a disaster. (Cheers, applause.) It's got to go. I would have preschool for every child. I'd have full day kindergarten. America is 29th in science to the European Union, to Japan. We need to have science and math academies, hire a hundred thousand science and math teachers, have art in the schools. We need also -- (interrupted by applause) -- we need also to have a college education policy that deals with these huge loans that are killing our college students. (Cheers, applause.)

And what I would do -- look, what I would do -- and you know, we're at a great college here.

What I would do is, in exchange for two years of tuition, government pays tuition, one year of national service for this country. (Applause.) Those are the kind of creative solutions we want in this country.

MODERATOR Let me -- thank you, Governor. Thank you very much.

I want Senator Clinton to weigh in. On the issue of merit pay, if there's a teacher out there who's doing a great job, should that teacher get merit -- get a bonus for doing a great job, that individual teacher who works really hard, does a great job educating young people?

LOSER Well, I support school-based merit pay for a lot of the reasons Chris was talking about. We need to get more teachers to go into hard-to-serve areas. We've got to get them into underserved urban areas, underserved rural areas.

But the school is a team, and I think it's important that we reward that collaboration. You know, a child who moves from kindergarten to sixth grade, say, in the same school, every one of those teachers is going to affect that child.

MODERATOR Well, what if there's an excellent teacher in that team and a crummy teacher in that team, a teacher who's simply riding along and not really working very hard, not really educating those young kids? Do you give just everybody the merit pay, or do you give the individual teacher?

LOSER Wolf, you need to weed out the teachers who are not doing a good job. I mean, that's the bottom line. (Applause.) They should not be teaching our children.

I mean, what I believe so strongly is that our education system has served this country very well. But we're in the 21st century. We do need to re-imagine it. We've got to get everybody to talk about it. But what I object to with the Bush administration is it's always talking down. We need to have a collegial collaboration. And the teachers need to be at the table --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- helping us figure out what the best way is to achieve our goals.

MODERATOR I want to move on to the next question, but I want Senator Biden to weigh in because I know your wife is a teacher. So go ahead. Should an excellent teacher be given merit pay?

LOSER An excellent teacher should be judged by whether or not that teacher, outside of the classroom, improves themselves and their teaching skills. My wife got two master's degrees and a doctorate degree. That's merit pay. She went out there and she earned the ability to be able to demonstrate to everyone that she was an exceptional teacher, because she went out and she gathered this additional knowledge instead of being -- not just being a good teacher.

Here's the problem with simple merit pay, based on the principle. Who makes the decision, based on merit pay? (Applause.) Who's the person who -- (inaudible)? I believe there should be teaching excellence. I think we should demand more of our teachers in continuing education. I think there should -- and unions don't like that. I think we should demand more of the teachers in terms of their participation after school and in school. But I think you've got to pay them.

And the last point I'll make is Bill is correct; you have to -- look, the idea you start teachers at $28,000 in most states when, in the countries we're competing with, they start off and they graduate their -- the graduating seniors are getting the same pay that engineers are getting in those same schools.

My father has an expression, God love him, before he passed away. He'd say, "Don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I will tell you what you value." I've laid out a $30 billion plan -- (applause) -- over five years --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- (to pay ?) -- 16 years of education is what our kids need. They need to start two years earlier and be guaranteed two years after school.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Campbell Brown.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, a question on Pakistan. As you know, in the past few weeks Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf has declared a state of emergency there. He's dismissed several Supreme Court justices. He has recently placed opposition leader Benazir Bhutto under house arrest twice now and imprisoned numerous other dissenters.

And I know you spoke with Musharraf last week. And you, along with several others on this stage, assert that the U.S. should maintain its current level of financial support for Pakistan. And my question is, is it your view that there are times when the security of the United States is more important than the way a key ally like Musharraf disregards freedom and disregards democracy?

LOSER First of all, I do not think we should maintain the same aid we're giving. I have made it clear to Musharraf personally, when he called me, and I've spoken personally to Bhutto -- before, I might add, the president spoke to either one of them -- I spoke to them and I indicated very clearly two things.

One, if he did not take off his uniform, if he did not hold fair and free elections by the middle of January, I would, on the floor of the Senate, move to take away the aid we're giving with regard to F- 16s and P-3s, because that's the biggest leverage you have on him within his military. He is not a sole player. He has to keep his military happy as well. I would use that leverage.

Secondly, I've indicated that what we should do is move from a Musharraf policy to a Pakistan policy. Unlike anyone else, within five days of this happening I laid out a detailed plan. The president hasn't. No one on this stage has. No one else has -- a detailed plan as president how I would proceed with Iraq. And you have to move from military aid to giving to the middle class there. The middle class is overwhelmingly the majority. They get no connection with the United States. We have to significantly increase our economic aid relative to education, relative to NGOs, relative to all those things that make a difference in the lives of ordinary people over there, and not be doing it through the military side.

MODERATOR All right, thank you.

LOSER I know there's more to say, Campbell. I appreciate you asking me the question and I'm sorry I answered it. I know you're not supposed to answer questions, based on what I've heard. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Well, let me bring in Governor Richardson.

Governor Richardson, you've suggested cutting off military aid to Pakistan, so long as the Pakistani leader doesn't take these steps to restore the constitution, take off his military uniform, end the national state of emergency and have free and fair elections. But some are worried, including the opposition leader, Benazir Bhutto -- I spoke with her earlier this week -- that cutting off military aid to the Pakistan military could undermine U.S. national security.

This is a country that has nuclear weapons. It has a strong Taliban presence, an al Qaeda presence. Are you worried at all that as bad as President Musharraf might be, it could get a whole lot worse over there?

LOSER Well, of course, I'm worried. But what happened with our Pakistan policy, we got our principles wrong. We forgot our principles, our principles that we said to Musharraf, you know, Musharraf, security is more important than human rights. If I'm president, it's the other way around -- (applause) -- democracy and human rights.

What I would do is, yes, I would condition the assistance to Musharraf. We give him $10 billion. 60 percent of that is to his military. I would say, President Musharraf, unless you restore the constitution, unless you have elections in January, unless you end the state of emergency, unless you allow Benazir Bhutto to run as a candidate, unless you put the supreme court back.

And something else we've forgotten He is supposed to go after terrorists on his border, and he has done a very weak job of doing that. (Scattered applause.) And you know, I would condition the assistance.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER But here is another point -- no, but here's another point. Pakistani -- in Pakistan -- in the politics of Pakistan, Islamic parties get maybe 15 percent of the vote. I mean, so this threat that, oh, revolutionary elements are going to overtake him -- if he has a fair election, and you take his party and Benazir Bhutto's party and you get the military --

MODERATOR But --

LOSER -- I believe that moderate forces can win. So if we're on the side of democracy and human rights and we're on the side of Musharraf having elections, then U.S. interests are preserved and the Pakistani people have a democracy. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Let me just be precise because I want to make sure we all -- I heard you correctly. What you're saying, Governor, is that human rights, at times, are more important than American national security?

LOSER Yes, because I believe we -- (applause) -- we need to find ways to say to the world that, you know, it's not just about what Halliburton wants in Iraq, it's also about our -- (cheers, applause) -- values of freedom, equality. Our strength is not just military and economic. Our strength as a nation is our values -- equality, freedom, democracy --

MODERATOR All right. All right.

LOSER -- human rights. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, I want you to weigh in.

LOSER That's why we are strong.

MODERATOR Go ahead, Senator.

LOSER Well, I think first of all, we have some basic goals that we need to be focused on with respect to Pakistan. One is to make sure that the extremists in northwest Pakistan are under control. Second, that we provide support for the democratic reformers. Third is that -- Senator Biden just spoke about, to make sure these elections take place in January. And fourth, we need to make certain that the nuclear weapons are under control.

Now, this leads to a bigger question. I think Pakistan is the living, breathing example that America's ad hoc policy of dealing with the spread of nuclear weapons, while it's absolutely required in today's world given what's happening with Iran, given what we see today in Pakistan and the incredible fragility of the administration in Pakistan and the presence of extraordinary extremist elements within Pakistan, that this is the living, breathing example --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- of a policy that will not work over the long term.

I'm about to finish. What we have to do, what America needs to do and what I will do as president of the United States is to lead a long-term international effort to rid the world of nuclear weapons.

It is the only way we're going to keep the world secure and keep America secure. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Everybody's going to have a chance.

Senator Obama, is human rights more important than American national security?

WINNER The concepts are not contradictory, Wolf.

MODERATOR Because occasionally they could clash.

WINNER They -- they --- they -- they -- they are complementary, and I think Pakistan is a great example. Look, we paid $10 billion over the last seven years, and we two goals, deal with terrorism and restore democracy, and we've gotten neither. And Joe and Bill are exactly right on this. Pakistan's democracy would strengthen our battle against extremists. The more we see repression, the more there are no outlets for how people can express themselves and their aspirations, the worse off we're going to be and the more anti-American sentiment there's going to be in the Middle East. We keep on making this mistake.

As president, I will do everything that is required to make sure that nuclear weapons don't fall into the hands of extremists, especially going after al Qaeda in the hills between Afghanistan and Pakistan. But we've got to understand that if we simply prop up anti- democratic practices, that that feeds the sense that America is only concerned about us and that our fates are not tied to these other folks.

And that's -- that's going to make us less safe. That's something I intend to change as president. (Applause.)

 Wolf --

MODERATOR Hold on. Hold on one second. Hold on. Senator Dodd --

 I do not agree with it.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, I want you to weigh in. What's more important when they clash, human rights versus national security?

LOSER Well, first of all, I hope -- maybe other people find it as ironic as I do to have President Bush urging the Turks not to invade the Kurdish areas of Iraq and lecturing Musharraf about restoring the constitution. This is an administration that has stepped all over our own Constitution in the process. (Applause.)

And this isn't -- elections are -- there's an expression in Spanish that says elections --

MODERATOR So what's more important, human rights or national security?

LOSER Well, obviously national security, keeping the country safe. When you take the oath of office on January 20th --

LOSER That's right.

LOSER -- you promise to do two things, and that is to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States and protect our country against enemies both foreign and domestic. The security of the country is number one, obviously, yes, all right?

MODERATOR All right. Okay, thank you.

LOSER Now secondly, this doesn't mean -- elections are only one note, as they say, in the tune of democracy here. Be careful what you wish for. If they were totally free elections in many of these countries we're talking about today, the Islamic jihad or the Islamic Brotherhood would win 85 percent of the vote. That's not a great outcome for us at this point here.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER So we need to have a sense of balance about this here.

I disagree with those who suggest here that we ought to condition Musharraf's actions regarding some of these issues on aid and assistance here.

There's only one way in Afghanistan; it's through Pakistan. The generals in the military control the nuclear weaponry here. We need to move and remind Musharraf that there are obligations he needs to fulfill. Be careful here about --

MODERATOR (Inaudible) -- you answered. You answered the question, Senator.

LOSER Let me finish Musharraf, because literally, then you have to do what you say you're going to do. And if he doesn't do what he's suggesting, then you have to terminate that relationship, and that puts this country in a very, very dangerous position.

MODERATOR You say national security is more important than human rights.

Senator Clinton, what do you say?

LOSER I agree with that completely. I mean the first obligation of the president of the United States is to protect and defend the United States of America. That doesn't mean that it is to the exclusion of other interests.

And there's absolutely a connection between a democratic regime and heightened security for the United States. That's what's so tragic about this situation. After 9/11, President Bush had a chance to chart a different course, both in Pakistan and in Afghanistan, and could have been very clear about what our expectations were. We are now in a bind, and it is partly -- not completely, but partly -- a result of the failed policies of the Bush administration.

So, where we are today means that we have to say to President Musharraf Look, this is not in your interest either. This is not in the interest of the United States. It is not in your interest to either stay in power or stay alive. We have to figure out how we're going to navigate this.

When I was meet ing with him earlier this year, I asked him if he would accept a high-level presidential envoy to begin to negotiate some of these issues.

He said, yes, I got back; I called the White House; I asked them to send such a high-level envoy. They did not do it; they're going to send one now.

So I mean, you've got to stay on top of this and you have to manage it all the time. That requires presidential attention. We haven't had that, and part of the reason is obvious now. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

John Roberts.

LOSER Hello? Hello?

MODERATOR Stand by. Stand by.

John Roberts, go ahead.

You're going to have a chance.

ROBERTS All right, to Governor Richardson, a military police unit from the Nevada National Guard, stationed about 12 miles from here, just left for its third tour of duty in Iraq. I want to talk to you for just a moment here about the effect of the troop increase over there. It's true that 2007 is the deadliest year so far, since 2003, for American forces.

But it's also true that U.S. troop deaths have been declining steadily since the spring. And in fact, in the month of October, they were at their lowest level in nearly two years. At the same time, there has been a marked decline in the number of deaths of Iraqi people.

Is General David Petraeus correct when he says that the troop increase is bringing security to Iraq?

LOSER John, we shouldn't be talking about body counts. One American death is too much.

And -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- what I am saying here is the surge is not working. There is less -- right now less possibility of a political solution. Three out of the 18 benchmarks -- the General Accounting Office -- have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math is a failing grade. (Laughter.) What I'm saying, also, is that look at this statistic -- 65 percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier. Our troops are dying -- over 3,800, two today, 60,000 wounded, casualties, mainly mental trauma.

Now, my position is that we get the troops out in a year. Leave no residual forces behind unlike some of my colleagues here that want to leave some until 2013, but not just wave goodbye because we have a responsibility, and that is, one, to get a political compromise, a U.S.-led political compromise among the three groups; that they share power -- the Sunni, the Shi'a, the Kurds -- that they share oil revenues; that we have an all-Muslim, all-Arab peacekeeping force with some European forces headed by the U.N.; a donor conference that involves other countries; European Union, rich Arab states contributing to the reconstruction of Iraq, where we have spent --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- $500 billion --

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator (sic/Governor).

LOSER -- in this war when this money should be used in America for health care, education and for kids. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, is the troop increase right now --

LOSER Excuse me?

MODERATOR Is the troop increase, as General Petraeus has put forward over these past few months, is it working?

LOSER No, the occupation is fueling the insurgency. In 2003, I put forth a plan to get out of Iraq. I'm actually the only one on this stage who voted against the war, voted against funding the war a hundred percent of the time -- (cheers, applause) -- and also who has a plan to bring the troops home, and they should be brought home now. (Applause.)

And let me tell you something. The Democrats in Congress have not done the right thing for the American people. They should tell President Bush we're not going to give you another time. We're not putting a bill on the floor. Bring them home now. (Cheers, applause.)

Also, when you talked about Pakistan you didn't get a chance to me on that question, but I want to point something out to you, Wolf. You cannot look at Pakistan and the destabilization that's occurring in many Muslim nations without understanding the role that our aggression against Iraq has played in contributing to that destabilization. (Applause.)

So I'm speaking about a new policy of strength through peace, no more unilateralism, no more preemption, no more first strike -- to open dialogue, diplomacy, adherence to international law. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Senator Obama, I'll put the same question to you. Is General Petraeus' strategy working?

WINNER There is no doubt that because we put American troops in Iraq -- more American troops in Iraq, that they are doing a magnificent job, and they are making a difference in certain neighborhoods.

But the overall strategy is failed, because we have not seen any change in behavior among Iraq's political leaders. And that is the essence of what we should be trying to do in Iraq.

That's why I'm going to bring this war to a close. That's why we can get our combat troops out within 16 months. That's why we have to initiate the kind of regional diplomacy -- not just talking to our friends but talking to our enemies, like Iran and Syria, to try to stabilize the situation there. (Applause.)

But I just want to make this important point because all of us, as we're campaigning, we're seeing this in human terms. People are on two, three, four tours of duty. Families are carrying an enormous burden.

This year, we saw the highest casualty rates for American troops in Iraq since this war started. The same, by the way, is true in Afghanistan. If we have seen a lowering violence rate, that's only compared to earlier this year. We're back to where we started back in 2006.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER And so the notion that somehow because we've gone from horrific violence to just intolerable levels of violence, and that somehow that justifies George Bush's strategy, is absolutely wrong. And I'm going to bring it to a halt when I'm president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Campbell Brown.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, we're approaching the holiday season right now and parents across the country are in a panic. They are riffling through their toy boxes, they are throwing things away, because they are so worried that toys, the products coming from China right now are too dangerous for their children.

Do you believe that the people on the stage who voted to fully open trade relations with China bear some of the responsibility for what's going on right now?

LOSER Well, of course they do; I mean, in the same way that people who voted for the war bear responsibility for what's going on, people who voted for the Patriot Act bear responsibility for what's going on -- (cheers, applause) -- people who voted for Yucca Mountain bear responsibility. People have to take responsibility for their positions.

Now, let's talk about China trade. The fact of the matter is, Wolf, it was well known when China trade came up that China doesn't have environmental quality standards, doesn't have health standards, doesn't have workers' rights, doesn't permit people to form unions. Everyone knew that.

And for someone to come up afterwards -- and I think in the last debate I think Hillary Clinton was criticized by John Edwards for some trade-related issue; but the fact of the matter is, John, you voted for China trade understanding that workers were going to be hurt.

Now, you're a trial lawyer. You knew better. I'm saying that it's important -- (boos) --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER Really.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, he made a -- he made a specific reference to you.

LOSER This is a fact, though. I mean, I'm not backing down from this. This is a fact.

MODERATOR Well, let's let --

LOSER People have to take responsibility for their positions. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Let's ask Senator Edwards to respond. Was that vote a mistake?

LOSER Well -- (chuckles) -- I'm not sure what being a trial lawyer has to do with it, but -- what my response is --

LOSER Product liability.

LOSER -- America -- America's trade -- (laughs) -- cute. Cute, Dennis. (Applause.)

I think America's -- America's trade policy has been a complete disaster. I do believe that. NAFTA, CAFTA, Colombia, Korea, Peru -- which we're now considering -- has been a complete and total disaster.

And I think it's really important to pull what's been happening with trade into the bigger picture of what's happening with America because what I believe is that powerful interests -- particularly big corporate interests -- have literally taken over this government, and they've taken over it against the interests of ordinary Americans. (Applause.) And a living, breathing example of that is, in 1993, when we were in control of the White House, of the United States Senate and the United States House, we made an effort to pass universal health care.

The big drug companies, insurance companies and their lobbyists killed it. At the same time, NAFTA was put on the table.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER The big corporations in America were for NAFTA.

So what did we get with a Democratic Congress, with a Democratic president? We didn't -- no, let me finish this. We didn't get something that America desperately needed, which is universal health care, but we got something America did not need, which is NAFTA, which has cost us millions of jobs. (Applause.) We will not change this country if we replace a crowd of corporate Republicans with corporate Democrats. (Cheers, applause.) We have to give the power in this democracy back to the American people. That's what's at stake in this election.

MODERATOR All right. I'm going to let Senator Clinton respond, but let me just rephrase the question.

Was your vote to normalize trade relations with China a mistake?

LOSER I think what's the mistake is allowing China to operate unfettered, to send dangerous products into this country, to not have the president of the United States hold them responsible for their trading obligations or the WTO, which has not been done.

MODERATOR So it was a mistake?

LOSER I think it was right to bring them into WTO. It's wrong to not hold them responsible for their obligations.

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Clinton, all of us remember the big NAFTA debate when your husband was president of the United States, and a lot of us remember the debate between Al Gore, who was then vice president, and Ross Perot. Ross Perot was fiercely against NAFTA.

Knowing what we know now, was Ross Perot right? (Laughter.)

LOSER All I can remember from that is a bunch of charts. (Laughter.) That sort of is a vague memory.

Look, NAFTA did not do what many had hoped, and so we do need to take a look at it and we do need to figure out how we're going to have trade relations that are smart, that give the American worker and the American consumer rights around the world.

And I want to go back to Campbell's question for a minute because it's really related to this. It is something that every parent should be worried about. It's not only the toys; it's the pet food, it's the medical components and prescription drugs. If we don't impose a third-party, independent investigative arm on our corporations that do business in China as well as the Chinese government, we should not permit any items to be imported into our country until we're sure they're safe. (Applause.) I mean, that to me is rule number one. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. So let me rephrase the question. I'll rephrase the question. Was NAFTA a mistake?

LOSER It was passed in the Clinton administration.

MODERATOR Was NAFTA a mistake?

LOSER NAFTA was a mistake to the extent that it did not deliver on what we had hoped it would, and that's why I call for a trade timeout when I am president. I'm going to evaluate every trade agreement. We do need to get back to enforcing the ones we have, which the Bush administration has not done. They have totally abdicated that. But I think we have to get broader than that. We've got to have enforceable labor and environmental standards. We've got the WTO that enforces financial and corporate rights; we need the International Labor Organization and other mechanisms that will be there to enforce labor rights and environmental rights, and that's what I intend to do as president. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR I want to go to John Roberts in a second, but I know Senator Dodd and Senator Obama want to weigh in on this.

Senator Dodd, you first.

LOSER Well, first of all, look I respect the fact that we're calling for timeouts, but as was pointed out earlier by John Edwards, we've had Senator Obama and Senator Clinton both came out in support of the Peruvian free trade agreement -- now switching our positions on these issues here for the convenience of a debate and discussion on where polling data may be.

We are in a global economy. It is critically important that we do everything we can to expand those markets so that our products and our services can be sold in foreign nations here. It was outrageous in a sense here -- had a U.S. corporation produced contaminated toys or food, they would have been shut down in 20 minutes.

 Absolutely.

LOSER I called upon the president to put a moratorium on trade coming out of China when those products were announced to be contaminated. It should have stopped right then and there for eternity. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Obama, was NAFTA a mistake?

WINNER Well, first of all, I hope Chris is clear -- I haven't changed positions on Peru. I am intending to --

LOSER Oh, you are for it.

WINNER I am for it, and I plan to vote for it because it is a small country.

LOSER Okay.

WINNER This is a trade agreement that has the labor agreements and the environmental agreements that we've been fighting for in it, and I think it's the right thing to do.

I am opposed to CAFTA. I've been opposed to South Korea.

But going back to the issue of China -- you know what Japan does with the Chinese when it comes to, for example, food importation? They send their own inspectors over to China and they set up their own safety system and they say, "If you don't abide by our rules, you can't send food into Japan."

Now, the question is, why doesn't the United States impose these same rules and regulations as Japan has? (Cheers, applause.) This is the biggest market -- this is the biggest market in the world. China has to sell here.

But this goes back to how we did most favored nation trading status with China. The problem was we had one (level ?) when we allowed them in. We should have said, "We will review this every single year, so if you are not behaving properly, if you are not safeguarding our consumers and we find that you are not looking out for American workers or the administration is not, we won't have that subject to review." That was the failure on that China bill.

LOSER Wolf -- 30 seconds, Wolf. Thirty seconds.

MODERATOR All right -- 30 seconds. I've got to let Senator Biden --

LOSER Look, it's not the agreement; it's the man. Under the WTO, we can shut this down. What are they all talking about here? It's about a president who won't enforce the law. (Applause.) When they contaminated chicken, what happened? They cut off all chickens going in from Delaware -- a $3 billion industry -- into China. They cut it off. We have power under the -- this agreement. I don't know what anybody's talking about here. Enforce the agreement.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Shut it down. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER (Inaudible) -- put it there from the beginning.

MODERATOR All right. Hold on.

LOSER They weren't -- it wasn't in there from the beginning.

MODERATOR John Roberts.

Everybody's going to have a chance --

LOSER It wasn't in there from the beginning. That -- it wasn't in there from the beginning -- (inaudible).

ROBERTS Want to explore the energy issue for a moment here because it's been of particular importance to the state. Senator Obama, the price of oil is flirting with the $100-a-barrel mark right now, making all the more urgent the need for alternate fuel forces. You support nuclear energy as a part of the plan for the future, but there is an issue of what to do with the waste. You are opposed to the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository about 90 miles from here. Your state uses about -- gets about 48 percent of its power from nuclear compared to 20 percent for most other states.

Yet you are opposed to bringing nuclear waste from other states and keeping it in Illinois.

The question is, if not in your backyard, whose?

WINNER Well, as I've said, I don't think it's fair to send it to Nevada, because we're producing it. (Applause.)

So what we have to do is, we've got to develop the storage capacity based on sound science. Now, laboratories like Argonne in my own home state are trying to develop ways to safely store nuclear waste without having to ship it across the country and put it in somebody else's backyard. But keep in mind that I don't think nuclear power is necessarily our best option. It has to be part of our energy mix.

We have a genuine crisis that has to be addressed and as president, I intend to address it, and here's what we have to do. We have to, first of all, cap greenhouse gases, because climate change is real. And it's going to impact Nevada and it's impacting the entire planet. (Cheers, applause.)

That means that we're going to have to tell polluters, we are going to charge you money when you send pollution into the air, that's creating climate change. That money we can then reinvest in solar, in wind, in biodiesel, in clean coal technology and in superior nuclear technology.

MODERATOR All right. Senator, until there's some new technological breakthrough, as you would hope and all of us would hope, where do you send the waste?

WINNER Well, right now it is on site in many situations, and that is not the optimal situation, Wolf. But don't keep on assuming that we can't do something. I mean, this is about the third time where you said, "assuming we can't do it, what's our option?"

MODERATOR Well, until we -- until we do it.

WINNER Well, but I'm running for president because I think we can do it. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER Wolf? Wolf?

WINNER I reject -- I reject the notion that we can't meet our energy challenges.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER We can if we've got bold leadership in the White House that is saying we are going to do something about climate change, we are going to develop renewable energy sources. That's what I intend to do as president. And we shouldn't, you know, be pessimistic about the future of America. (Scattered applause.)

MODERATOR Okay. I'm optimistic. (Laughter.)

Governor Richardson's a former Energy secretary. What do you do with the nuclear waste in the interim?

LOSER Well, you mentioned all the labs, Argonne, Yucca Mountain. I was in charge of them. Here's what you do.

First, the future is renewable. It's not oil, it's not coal, it's not nuclear. (Applause.) What you do with the waste is you don't put it in Yucca Mountain. All my life -- as secretary of Energy, as a congressman -- I opposed the site for environmental reasons, water saturation.

I don't think the answer, also, is in regional sites.

There's a technological solution, a scientific solution. What I would do, I would turn Yucca Mountain into a national laboratory. We have the greatest brains, our national lab scientists. We need to find a way to safely dispose of nuclear waste. There is a technological solution.

But while we do that, we shouldn't be giving the nuclear power industry all of these advantages in the Senate bills that are coming forth, or subsidies. Oil, coal and nuclear are getting most of the subsidies.

We need an energy revolution in this country -- (applause) -- to shift from fossil fuels to renewable sources by 50 percent by the year 2020. Eighty percent reduction of greenhouse emissions, a mandate.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER We need to have 30 percent of our electricity renewable.

And it's got to be also the American people -- I'm g going to say this honestly -- sacrificing a little bit when it comes to appliances -- (applause) -- and when it comes to being part of an energy efficiency revolution.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

Campbell.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you went to your alma mater recently, Wellesley College, and you said there that your tenure had prepared you to compete in the all boys club of presidential politics.

At the same time, your campaign has accused this all boys club surrounding you on stage of piling on with their attacks against you. And then your husband recently came to your defense by saying that these, quote, "boys," had been getting rough with you -- (light laughter) -- and some have suggested that you, that your campaign, that your husband are exploiting gender as a political issue during this campaign.

What's really going on here?

LOSER Well, I'm not exploiting anything at all. I'm not playing, as some people say, the gender card here in Los Vegas. I'm just trying to play the winning card, and I understand well that -- (cheers, applause) -- people are not attacking me because I'm a woman. They're attacking me because I'm ahead, and I understand -- (interrupted by laughter, cheers) -- that -- you know, as Harry Truman famously said, "If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen." (Cheers.) And I feel very comfortable in the kitchen, and I'm going to -- (laughter) -- you know, withstand the heat.

But you know, this is really one of the kind of issues that we can laugh about because it's exciting when you look at this field of candidates.

You know, several of us would never have had a chance to stand here and run for president -- a Latino, an African American, a woman -- if it hadn't been for the progress of America over my lifetime. (Cheers, applause.) And I am thrilled to be running to be the first woman president.

MODERATOR But Senator, if I can just ask you, what did you mean at Wellesley when you referred to the boys club?

LOSER Campbell. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Just curious.

LOSER Well, it is clear, I think, from women's experiences that from time to time, there may be some impediments. (Laughter.) And it has been my goal over the course of my lifetime to be part of this great movement of progress, that includes all of us but has particularly been significant to me as a woman. And to be able to aim toward the highest, hardest glass ceiling is history- making.

Now, I'm not running because I'm a woman. I'm running because I think I'm the best qualified and experienced person to hit the ground running. (Cheers, applause.) But it's humbling. It's inspiring.

And I have to tell you, as I travel around the country, you know, fathers drive hours to bring their daughters to my events. And so many women in their 90s wait to shake my hand. And they say something like, I'm 95 years old; I was born before women could vote, and I want to live long enough to see a woman in the White House.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

We're going to take a quick break, but I want to give all the boys up here -- (laughter) -- a chance to quickly respond, if any of them want to respond.

Do any of you believe that Senator Clinton is playing the so- called gender card?

LOSER I think -- are you looking at me? (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Yeah. (Laughter.)

LOSER I think that every single candidate on this stage should be held to exactly the same standard.

I do believe, however, that the voters need to know that we have choices. There's nothing personal about this. I think there are very good people running in the Democratic Party for president, and we need to have a strong candidate in this presidential race.

But I think there are differences between us, and voters are entitled to know what those differences are without it being personal, without it being attack-oriented.

I spoke earlier about the difference between corporate Democrats and corporate Republicans and how critical it is for us to give the power in the democracy back to the American people so we can give a better life to our children, as 20 generations before us have done.

And my point is, some of us have taken a different approach to that. Senator Clinton defends the system, takes money from lobbyists, does all those things. And my point is simply that people have -- (chorus of boos) -- no, wait a minute. Voters have those choices. Voters have those choices. They deserve to know that they have those choices and that there are, in fact, differences between us. But I think every one of us should be held to the same standard.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. (Applause.) And thank you, all of you.

We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to do. We're going to readjust the stage up here, get some chairs. And when we come back, you're going to be hearing directly from voters here in Nevada. They're going to have a chance to ask these Democratic presidential candidates questions. (Applause.)

Much more of our Democratic presidential debate right here on the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas. We'll be right back. (Cheers, applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Welcome back. We're on the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas in the Cox Pavilion. All the candidates are now seated. We're going to begin the second half of this presidential debate.

Our White House correspondent, Suzanne Malveaux, is here with us. (Applause.) And Suzanne, you have some undecided voters who are ready to ask these presidential candidates some specific questions. Let's begin right now.

MALVEAUX Sure, Wolf. They are all very excited, about a hundred folks here. I've had a chance to actually meet at least some of you here, and obviously I noticed when you were responding to some of the candidates you were shaking your head, wrinkling your nose. I'm not sure if they've answered your questions, and this is your opportunity to ask the candidates what you really care about.

Catherine Jackson, I want to start off with you. If you'd stand with your son, please. Now, Catherine, I understand that you're quite concerned about your son, Christopher. You have served three tours of duty in Iraq, and you're -- (cheers, applause) -- recognize your service. (Extended cheers, applause.) That's for you, Christopher.

Your mother, I spoke with her -- your mom -- is so worried that you're going to be called to duty again, but not to be deployed in Iraq, but rather Iran. Do you share her concern?

CHRISTOPHER JACKSON Yes, I do. And I feel that if we continue on the path we're at, that's where we're going to end up, in Iran. And that's not what our troops need. Our troops need to come home now. (Cheers, applause.)

MALVEAUX Catherine -- Catherine, your question.

CATHERINE JACKSON I finally got my son home after three tours of policing Iraq's civil war. Now members of the Bush administration and neoconservative members of Congress are beating the drums of war again. My son is still part of the Marine Individual Ready Reserve, and if President Bush starts another unnecessary war, there will be a chance that he'll likely be recalled for war.

All of you on the stage have either -- I'm sorry -- have formal political power or significant informal power, and have the ability to stop the rush to war.

Please tell me, how are you going to show us your leadership so -- on this issue now so I can decide who I think would be the best leader for tomorrow?

MALVEAUX To Senator Biden, please.

LOSER The way to do that, ma'am, is to not ratchet up the winds of war here. We had a vote in the United States Senate on declaring the Qods Force -- their special forces -- and the Revolutionary Guard to be a terrorist organization. A lot of people voted for that; 70 some voted for it. It's a serious, serious mistake because what it does, it was completely counterproductive. (Applause.)

What it did was, ma'am, what it did was it convinced the rest of the Muslim world this is really a war against Islam and not a war in Iraq; and number two, it rose the -- it caused the price of oil to head to $100 a barrel. We're paying $30 a barrel for what they call a risk premium. And it helped destabilize the situation both in Iran -- I mean Afghanistan and Pakistan.

So the way to do this is to keep quiet, hush up, and do what I told the president personally and what I've said as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. If he takes the country to war in Iraq (sic) without a vote of Congress, which will not exist, then he should be impeached. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you voted for that resolution. You're the only one on the stage who did vote for that resolution. Do you want to respond --

LOSER I do.

MODERATOR -- to Senator Biden?

LOSER I wasn't attacking Senator Clinton.

Very quickly, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, Chris, we appreciate your service, and your mom, I can only imagine what she went through when you were away, so we're glad you're back home.

But understand the problem with this vote on the Iranian Revolutionary Guard. It wasn't simply that it was identified as a terrorist organization. It was also that in the language of the resolution it said we should maintain our forces in Iraq with an eye towards blunting Iranian influence. So it's not just going to have an impact in terms of potentially having a war against Iran. It also gives this administration an excuse to perpetuate their failed strategy in Iraq, and that could mean that you could be redeployed in Iraq. That's why this was a mistake, and that's why not only do we have to bring the war in Iraq to a close, but we have to change the mindset that got us into war, which means we initiate -- yes, I agree with Hillary that we've got to initiate bold diplomacy. I think the next president has to lead that diplomacy. It can't just be envoys.

And one of the reasons I'm running for president -- and Hillary and I had a disagreement on this. I said I would meet with not just our friends, but also with our enemies because that's what strong countries and -- (cheers, applause) -- what strong presidents do is meet with our adversaries, tell them where we stand. (Continued applause.)

MODERATOR Senator, I want to go back to Suzanne Malveaux, but this was an important vote, and you missed that vote. You weren't present in the Senate when that vote occurred.

WINNER No, this is true. And it was a mistake. This is one of the hazards of running for president. But the -- but what I've -- but what I have consistently said, and I said at the time of the vote, was that we should not take steps that would increase troop presences inside Iraq with an eye towards blunting the impact of Iran. I always think that's a mistake.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Go ahead, Suzanne.

MALVEAUX Jeannie (sp) Jackson, if you would stand for us, please. You have something in common with the other mother. You have a son that's also in Iraq. But your question, your concern is very different. What is your question?

JEANNIE JACKSON Well, I think you're all about getting us out of Iraq, and I appreciate, so it may be a moot point. But my son's making $30,000 while corporate people are making, minimum, $100,000 for going over there. Is there any way to end this disparity in wages?

And also, I'd like to say to BillLOSER Happy Birthday. (Laughter, applause.) Thank you.

MODERATOR Let's throw the question to the birthday boy. (Laughter.)

MALVEAUX Okay, I guess he gets the gift here. And obviously, we're talking about private contractors. Governor Richardson, you know that Senator Obama has said he would pull out all of the private contractors if in fact that he was president. But in light of how stretched our military is, do you think that's a practical solution?

LOSER Yes. I would pull out all the contractors. (Cheers, applause.) I would get them all out, just like I would get all our troops out, all residual forces. And I would do it within a year.

JEANNIE JACKSON Great answer.

LOSER Here's my answer.

What I believe we need to do is we need to reform our military. This is what I would do.

This war in Iraq has bled us enormously, has bled our military enormously. I would find ways to keep the all-volunteer force. Now, I would say to you that I would have two more divisions in the Army, two more in the Marines. I would increase military pay and educational benefits, a new G.I. Bill for our military. (Applause.)

But what I would also do is with our veterans, you know, and military families. I would have a heroes health card for every military person in this country -- (applause) -- which would mean that they could get health care, not just at the VA system but anywhere they want. I would fully guarantee funding at the VA.

And most importantly the big, big challenge is mental health. We don't treat mental health with the parity that this country deserves. And our kids coming back from Iraq, Afghanistan, Vietnam -- there's a huge burden, mental trauma, traumatic brain injury, PTSD. And we have a VA system and we have a mental health system in this country that is not given the parity, the coverage that it deserves.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. Thank you.

Suzanne.

MALVEAUX Our next question -- Khalil Khan, if you would just please stand for a moment.

You and I spoke very briefly, and you said you have some concerns about racial profiling.

KHALIL KHAN Yes, I do.

I'm American citizen and have been profiled all the time at the airport. Since 9/11, hundreds of thousands Americans have been profiled. And you know that it is like harassment. And my question is that, that our civil liberties have been taken away from us.

What you are going to do to protect Americans from this kind of harassment?

MALVEAUX Senator Edwards, we'd like you to take that. You obviously voted for the Patriot Act, which gives the government extended powers of surveillance. What do you say to people like Mr. Khan, who say he's been abused by that power?

LOSER I say he's right, he's right, and this administration has done more than abuse the Patriot Act. And the Patriot Act needs to be dramatically changed, by the way. (Cheers, applause.)

But in addition to that, the racial profiling that you're describing has to be stopped, and it will be stopped when I'm president of the United States. And we're going to take the steps that need to be taken to restore America's moral leadership in the world, and that means a whole group of things stopping the profiling, stopping the illegal -- and I use that term intentionally -- the illegal spying on the American people that this president has been engaged in -- (cheers, applause) -- closing Guantanamo, which I think is a national embarrassment -- (cheers, applause) -- no more secret prisons, no more rendition.

And it's just absolutely amazing to me that there's actually an open discussion in the United States of America about what kind of torture will be tolerated. I'll tell you what kind of torture will be tolerated when I'm president of the United States, no torture will be tolerated when I'm president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER We're going to restore our respect in the world.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, I believe you're the only person on this stage who had a chance to vote on the Patriot Act right after 9/11, who voted against it right away.

LOSER That's because I read it. (Laughter, cheers.)

MODERATOR Now, here's the question, here's the question. (Continued cheers.) Here's the question Congressman, do you feel, as you've felt on other issues, that those who voted for the Patriot Act -- and there are several here on this stage -- bear a responsibility for the way this individual, this American citizen, is being treated when he goes through an airport?

LOSER I -- you're owed an apology. You really are. And every American should be able to present themselves without having to be further scrutinized based on ethnic identity.

But let's go back to the point that you made here. The time -- you know, the president of the United States is called upon to make the right decision at the right time. And you've seen here tonight people who voted for the war, voted to fund the war, and now they have a different position; people who voted for the Patriot Act, now they have a different position; people who voted for China trade, now they have a different position; people who voted for Yucca Mountain, now they had a different position. Just imagine what it will be like to have a president of the United States who's right the first time. Just imagine. (Cheers, applause.)

And -- and I don't think -- I don't think that the first questioner's question was really answered, about what are you going to do about this president, and for that matter the vice president, because they're out of control and the Congress isn't doing anything. (Applause.) I --

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Congressman.

LOSER It's called impeachment, and you don't wait. You do it now. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER You don't wait. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Suzanne got -- Suzanne has another question.

LOSER Now. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR But I want --

LOSER Impeach them now.

MODERATOR -- Senator Biden to go ahead and respond because you voted for the Patriot Act.

LOSER You know, let's -- facts are a funny thing; they get in the way. (Laughter.) You know what I mean?

There is nothing in the Patriot Act that allows profiling. Let's get that straight.

Nothing in the Patriot Act allows profiling, number one. You're profiled illegally. I have voted against and worked with legislation with many people on this stage to stop profiling. That's number one. It did not. It's not because of the Patriot Act. It's a convenient thing to talk about, number one.

Number two, you know, when we had a chance to close down Guantanamo, I voted against funding Guantanamo. Other folks up here voted for funding it, including the two leading candidates. I voted to not build the new $36 million part. I called for closing it three years ago.

And so folks, this -- but this is not about who was right when, it's what's your plan now? What are you going to do now? (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Go ahead, Suzanne.

MALVEAUX George Ambriz. He's -- you're a graduate student here, and you're also a mentor for children. I understand that you have a concern about immigration.

Q Yes, I do. (Speaks in Spanish.) It seems that many political commentators such as Lou Dobbs are guiding the debate and strongly shaping U.S. policy on immigration by insinuating a linkage to terrorism. As many people know, no terrorist has come from our southern border. Do you consider fighting terrorism and slowing the flow of illegal immigration coming from our southern border as intrinsically related issues?

MALVEAUX Governor Richardson, since you're the only on this stage who does not support even building a fence, why don't you take this one?

LOSER That's not true.

LOSER By the way, Dennis, you keep -- stop including me in all these votes. I've been a governor. I'm in New Mexico. (Laughter.) I'm not in Washington. (Applause.)

Here's my answer. You know, two years ago -- and I'm the only one that's dealt with the immigration issue directly.

You know, and by the way, with the Congress, let me just say, the Congress's approval rating is 11 percent. Now, you know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs. (Laughter.)

My point is that, you know, let's talk about the need to bring this together. Dysfunctional relationships exist between the president and the Congress that needs to be corrected.

Here's my answer. Two years ago, I'm the first governor that declared a border emergency because the federal government wasn't doing its job in stopping the flow of drugs and people. But you know what? We should stop demonizing immigrants. We should stop doing that. (Applause.)

And I'm against the fence -- and I am against the fence because it will not work. The Congress only funded half of the fence, and it's not America.

What I would do is I would do four quick things. One, we have to secure the border. Double the number of Border Patrol agents. Keep the National Guard there a little longer; detection equipment, as you mentioned.

Secondly, those that knowingly hire illegal workers should be punished. (Applause.)

Third, we should have a relationship -- it's called foreign policy -- with Mexico. They're our friend. But we should speak frankly to our friends, and it should be something like this. "Mexico, give jobs to your people." (Cheers, applause.) "You know, at the very least, stop handing out maps on the easiest place to cross." (Laughter.) And then, lastly, a legalization plan -- a legalization plan --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- not amnesty, not citizenship, but a path to legalization that involves conditions -- learning English --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- paying back taxes.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

LOSER This is a very important issue.

MODERATOR Very important. I want Senator Dodd, though, to respond, because you voted for that security fence along the border between the U.S. and Mexico.

LOSER Well, first of all -- (speaks in Spanish). (Cheers, applause.)

I was in the Peace Corps in the Dominican Republic.

I argued at some points that fence, at certain places, you could make a case that a wall might help; not across the entire border. I'm opposed to that, but the idea of having some sort of better security, including additional guards, additional technology here that would allow us to deal with the issues. But there ought not to be any correlation here.

When you take the oath of office, you don't swear to uphold the Constitution or protect the country. I believe by upholding our rights, we do protect the country. And the administration has taken the opposite view. They're posing to us the false choice, the dichotomy that to be safer, we have to give up rights. I think that's so fundamentally flawed and fundamentally dangerous for the United States of America to (embrace ?) that idea. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right, thank you, Senator.

Let's go back to Suzanne.

MALVEAUX We have Judy Bagley here with us; if you would stand for a moment. You have been working in the casino business for some 27 years now, a cashier.

JUDY BAGLEY That's right.

MALVEAUX You've seen a lot of people come and go, obviously.

BAGLEY Absolutely.

MALVEAUX What is your concern?

BAGLEY I'm a booth cashier. And we moved here over 30 years ago. And I have three children, and as of yesterday, eight grandchildren. (Applause.)

MALVEAUX And what is your question -- congratulations. That's amazing. And what is your question to the candidates?

BAGLEY My question is, over the next several years the baby boomers, like my husband and I, will be retiring en masse. At the same time, the country is at a record deficit. We face a major challenge. When I retire, I will have my pension, but many others will not.

Throughout the campaign we've heard the candidates supporting -- committing to support -- oh, my goodness -- committing to support Social Security and Medicare. My question is -- but the ideas on reform are often vague. My question is, what do you plan to do to ensure that Social Security and Medicare are truly available to us, our children and grandchildren in light of the current budget conditions?

MALVEAUX Thank you very much; a very important issue.

Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, first of all, Judy, thank you for the question, and thanks for the great work you do on behalf of the culinary workers; a great union here. (Applause.)

Look, this is something that we've talked about in our campaign. We've got 78 million baby boomers who are going to be retiring and the first thing we have to do is to put an end to George Bush raiding the Social Security trust fund to pay for a misguided war in Iraq. (Applause.) If we take some of that money back and we start getting control of our budget and have fiscal discipline, that will make some of the difference, but not all of it, because we're going to have more senior citizens, more retirees and fewer workers.

So I've been very specific about saying that we should not privatize; we should protect benefits. I don't think the best way to approach this is to raise the retirement age. But what we can do is adjust the cap on the payroll tax. Right now anybody who's making $97,000 or less, you pay payroll tax on 100 percent of your income. Warren Buffet, who made $46 million last year, pays on a fraction of 1 percent of his income. And if we make that small adjustment, we can potentially close that gap and we can make sure Social Security is there. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER Last point because -- just because I have to answer the full question.

Medicare is a tougher problem because we've got health care inflation going up, and I am meeting people all across the country who just can't manage, even if they've got health insurance. Their premiums have gone up 78 percent since George Bush took office. It's a scam, and people are getting desperate.

The only way we're going to fix Medicare is if we get that rising cost under control, and that means having a universal health care plan where every single person has prevention and they are able to get the treatments they need. We're instituting health technologies and managing the chronically ill so that we save money; we provide coverage for everybody. That over the long term will save Medicare enormous amounts of money, and it will be there for you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Clinton, you've been criticized by Senator Obama, I think Senator Edwards, among others, for refusing to take a hard and fast position on whether you would raise the tax above those making $97,500 dollars a year to try to secure Social Security in the long term. Are you ready to make a hard and fast statement now on your position on what Senator Obama just said?

LOSER Well, I'll tell you what I'm for, and I think Judy raises two really important issues. I am for getting back to fiscal responsibility. I think I counted you said "deficit" three times. Six and a half years ago when George Bush came into office, he inherited a balanced budget and a surplus -- (applause) -- and the Social Security system was on a path to be solvent into 2055.

We have long-term challenges with Social Security. We have a crisis with Medicare, just like we have a crisis with health care costs. We have a crisis with energy costs. We have a lot of very intense challenges we have to meet right now. So what I want to do is move back toward fiscal responsibility. I think if we don't do that, we're not going to deal with any of these problems adequately. Then I think we will demonstrate that we're serious about getting our house in order again --

MODERATOR So --

LOSER -- and then I think we have to have a bipartisan commission. I do not want to fix the problems of Social Security on the backs of middle class families and seniors. (Applause.) If you lift the cap completely, that is a $1 trillion tax increase. I don't think we need to do that.

But I want to say one final word about Medicare. Number one, Medicare should be able to negotiate for lower drug prices. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Senator.

LOSER It was a travesty when the Bush administration did not allow that to happen, and I have a lot of other ideas about how we'll preserve and strengthen Medicare.

MODERATOR All right. So Senator -- so you're not ready to accept that raising of the cap on that, but I know that Senator Obama wants to respond to you.

WINNER I will be very brief on this because, Hillary, I've heard you say this is a trillion dollar tax cut on the middle class by adjusting the cap. Understand that only 6 percent of Americans make more than $97,000 -- (cheers, applause) -- so 6 percent is not the middle class -- it's the upper class.

And you know, this is the kind of thing that I would expect from Mitt Romney or Rudy Giuliani -- (laughter, boos, cheers, applause) -- where we start playing with numbers -- we start playing with numbers in order to try to make a point. (Cheers, applause.) And we can't do that. No, no, no, no, no. This is -- this is -- this is too important. This is too important for us to pretend that we're using numbers like a trillion dollar tax cut instead of responsibly dealing with a problem that Judy asked for, and she said she wants a specific answer. And that's what I provided.

But understand, this is the top 6 percent, and that is not the middle class. (Cheers, applause.)MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER First of all -- first of all, I think that you meant a tax increase, because that's what it would be. But secondly, it is absolutely the case that there are people who would find that burdensome. I represent firefighters. I represent school supervisors. I'm not talking -- I mean, you know, it's different parts of the country. So you have to look at this across the board, and the numbers are staggering.

Now, when people say be specific, I listened very carefully to what Senator Obama said when he appeared on one of the Sunday morning shows, and he basically said that he was for looking at a lot of different things and using a bipartisan commission to do it. I think that's the right answer. That is where I have been from the very beginning.

That's what worked back in 1983, when we had a real crisis in Social Security. The government got together. President Reagan and Speaker Tip O'Neill put together a bipartisan commission. Then everybody looked at everything at once. It wasn't one person's idea or somebody else's idea. Everybody had to get in a room and say, here's what we're going to do to fix the problem. That's what I want to do because I think that's what will work for America. (Applause.)

WINNER That's --

MODERATOR I want everybody to stand by because we have a lot more to talk about, a lot more of these questions from undecided voters here in Nevada. But we're going to take a quick commercial break. Much more from the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas right after this. (Cheers, applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Welcome back to the campus of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. We're at the Democratic presidential debate. Suzanne Malveaux's got another undecided voter with a question.

MALVEAUX LaShannon Spencer, please stand up for a moment. What is your question?

LASHANNON SPENCER We constantly hear health care questions and questions pertaining to the war. But we don't hear questions pertaining to the Supreme Court justice or education. (Applause.)

My question is, if you are elected president, what qualities must the appointee possess?

MALVEAUX I'd like to get to Senator Dodd, if you would. And in answering that question, also tell us whether or not you would require your nominees to support abortion rights.

(Laughter, cross talk.)

LOSER Well, first of all, you want -- first of all, thanks for your question.

Well, obviously you want people here that are going to have a balanced sense of justice, to bring a life experience to that bench, where they're not just there as academics, that have a clear record in the judicial branch, where they either served as a judge or as a lawyer, where they've demonstrated that ability to be fair and just when it comes to the administration of laws of our country here.

I don't necessarily believe in applying litmus tests here. I think that's a dangerous precedent to begin that process here. You start down that path, others may follow. You end up with a court then that may lack that kind of balance.

Now, obviously as someone who's pro-choice and have been, entire public life and career, I feel very strongly about Roe versus Wade.

I would not want a justice to be appointed who would even think about overturning that. (Applause.)

But I want to be very careful here -- I want to be careful about making sure that I'd know the person, I'm not just looking at people I don't know or don't understand their background, so I have a very good feel of where they're going to be on these matters. (Inaudible) -- when they make the statement that they will uphold precedent, and they raise their right hand before the Judiciary Committee and make that commitment and then violate that commitment, that I find highly offensive. That will not happen in a Dodd administration, I promise you. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right, let's go through the whole panel. I want everybody to weigh in. This is an important question that was raised. I'll start with Senator Biden.

Would you insist that any nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court supported abortion rights for women?

LOSER Suzanne's decided. I'm not answering her question. I'm answering the question of the woman who is there. Okay? (Cheers, applause.) And -- number one. And then I'll answer Suzanne's question.

MODERATOR Well, let's ask the woman. Do you want him to answer that question?

LOSER Do you want me to answer your question?

SPENCER I would like for you to answer both questions.

LOSER I will answer both. I'll answer your question first. Your question first, is I've presided over more Supreme Court justices than anyone in American history, number one.

Number two, I have taken on those justices who in fact show no balance. They are ideologues. We have enough ideologues. We have enough professors on the bench. We have enough -- I want a someone who ran for dog catcher. I want someone -- (laughter) -- literally. Not a joke. When Hillary's husband asked me for his advice when he was appointing people, I wanted to go to people, and so did he. We couldn't -- four people turned it down.

We wanted to get someone who in fact had -- knew what it was like to live life, knew what it was as not some intellectual feat. (Applause.)

And by the way, the next person that's appointed on a Biden administration is going to be a woman. We don't have enough women on the bench, number one.

MODERATOR So --

LOSER Number two, Suzanne Malveaux's question. I would not appoint anyone who did not understand that Section 5 of the 14th Amendment and the Liberty Clause of the 14th Amendment provided a right to privacy. That's the question I'd ask them. (Applause.) If that is answered correctly, that that is the case, then it answers the question, which means they would support Roe v. Wade. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Let's go down the whole panel, and if you could give me a short yes or no; would you insist on a Supreme Court nominee supporting abortion?

LOSER I would have diversity as a prime criterion, but I would also ask my nominee -- this is what I would ask Number one, do you believe Roe versus Wade is settled law? Number two, do you support the right to privacy? Number three, do you support civil rights? Number four, do you support -- (what you asked ?) -- education, school equalization?

If the answer is no to those questions that basically say is it settled law or not -- you want to call it a litmus test, fine -- those would be the judges that I would appoint for the Supreme Court. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Governor.

Congressman.

LOSER A Kucinich appointment to the Supreme Court would have a litmus test on abortion. It's a -- it's a question of a woman's right to choose and a right to privacy.

But a president has to do more than that. A president has to be a healer, and this has been one of the great divides in our country. And so I want to also let the American people know that I'll stand for prenatal care, postnatal care, child care, a living wage, universal health care, sex education --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- birth control. We can make abortions less necessary if we have a healer in the White House, and we can also protect a woman's right to choose. We can do both. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Senator Clinton. (Cheers, applause.)

Senator Clinton, would this be a sine qua non for you, that any nominee you name to the Supreme Court would have to share your view on abortion?

LOSER Well, they'd have to share my view about privacy, and I think that goes hand in hand. Privacy, in my opinion, is embedded in our Constitution. What does it mean to have a right to free speech or the right to worship as you choose if you also don't have the right to be left alone, to have that privacy that goes with being an American? (Applause.) So it would be absolutely critical.

And I, like Senator Biden --

MODERATOR So the answer is yes?

LOSER Yes, the answer is yes. And --

MODERATOR Okay. All right.

LOSER But I -- I just want to say, Senator Biden really deserves a lot of plaudits because he knows this issue forwards and backwards. And I think it's important to have a president who understands the intricate connections of our branches of government and the Constitution.

I think that's one of the great tragedies of George Bush's presidency is he didn't really understand the way our government was supposed to work. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Obama, you used to be a professor of law.

WINNER I would not appoint somebody who doesn't believe in the right to privacy. But you're right, Wolf, I taught constitutional law for 10 years, and I -- when you look at what makes a great Supreme Court justice, it's not just the particular issue and how they rule, but it's their conception of the court. And part of the role of the court is that it is going to protect people who may be vulnerable in the political process, the outsider, the minority, those who are vulnerable, those who don't have a lot of clout. (Applause.)

And part of what I want to find in a Supreme Court justice -- and Joe's exactly right, sometimes we're only looking at academics or people who've been in the court. If we can find people who have life experience and they understand what it means to be on the outside, what it means to have the system not work for them, that's the kind of person I want on the Supreme Court. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

We heard from Senator Dodd, so Senator Edwards, go ahead. Would you insist that nominees support abortion?

LOSER I would insist that they recognize the right to privacy and recognize Roe v. Wade as settled law. But I want to go beyond what some others have said here because it is so crucial if you grew up like I did in the segregated style and you saw how important it was to have federal judges who had some backbone and were willing to stand up against popular opinion -- but we had a judge who desegregated the public schools in North Carolina, in Charlotte, North Carolina.

He literally had to have armed guards take him from home to work and home each day. That's the kind of courage and strength we need in a United States Supreme Court justice.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

All right, Suzanne.

MALVEAUX Frank Perconte is a student here.

Frank, what is your question?

FRANK PERCONTE Whether it's the continuing violence in Iraq, or if it's a potential confrontation with Iran, or even the emerging instability in Pakistan, nothing seems to be getting any better in the Middle East. It only seems to be getting worse. And if the upcoming election is anything like the last two elections, if any of you is elected, in all likelihood, you'll be presiding over an extremely divided electorate. Almost half the country is not going to agree with you on the direction you want to take this country to meet those challenges in the Middle East.

So my question to you is, assuming you are elected, the day after you take the oath of office, what message will you offer the whole country, to unite all of us behind you, so that you can see us through this period of transition that we're in? (Applause.)

MALVEAUX I'd like to refer that to Senator Obama.

Senator Obama, you said on a TV interview just this past weekend, you didn't believe that Senator Clinton was able to unite this country. Why do you believe she can't?

WINNER No, that's not what I said. What I said was I thought I could do it better. That's why I'm running for president. (Applause.) If I didn't think I could do it better then I wouldn't be running for president, because the stakes are too high, just as we heard.

Here's what I would do immediately. I would convene a continuous advisory meeting, with not just Democrats but Republicans, specifically on national security issues, because there is a long tradition that our differences in foreign policy should end at the water's edge.

And we have lost that tradition. And there are some wonderful Republicans -- Dick Lugar, Chuck Hagel -- there are a group of them who have continued that tradition, but we have lost it because of the polarization of the Bush administration.

So I want Republicans and Democrats and independents to understand that, as president, I am going to want to go before the entire world and say, America's back, we are ready to lead. But we're not just going to lead militarily; we're going to lead by building schools in the Middle East that teach math and science instead of hatred of Americans. We're going to lead by shutting down Guantanamo and restoring habeas corpus in this country so that we offer them an example. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER We're going to lead by talking to our enemies and not just our friends.

And I believe that there are a lot of Republicans who hunger for that kind of bipartisan approach. That's what I will offer as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton -- thank you, Senator -- some have suggested, including some on this stage, that you are simply too polarizing to unite the country if you were elected president. What do you say to those critics?

LOSER Well, I say that I am running to be the president of the entire country. You know, when I started running for the Senate in New York, I heard the same things.

And what I did was to reach out to Republicans, Democrats, independents, rural, urban because we've got to begin to work together. That's what I've tried to do in the Senate working across party lines, trying to find common ground; to go back to Chris, you know, working to get health care for Guard and Reservists with a colleague, a Republican colleague from South Carolina. You know, you have to look to find common ground, and it is the responsibility of a leader to try to make that possible.

Now, that doesn't mean there won't be differences because there are. We're not going to wake up the day after the election and not believe what we believe and not see the world as we see it, but we can certainly begin under presidential leadership to listen to one another, to look for those chances to find that common ground and work together. That's the kind of president I will be, and I will spend a lot of my time working with not just Republicans, but people who aren't in public life. We've got smart people all over this country who want to make a contribution, who want to give something back. Let's enlist the best that we have in America and start acting like Americans again to solve our problems and make a difference, Wolf. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Biden --

LOSER Let me give you a direct answer to your question. I'd start by ending the war, and I've already gained the respect of my Republican colleagues; the only person that's gotten 75 votes in the United States Senate on a plan to end the war.

It's sitting in a drawer. It'll begin the day that I get elected.

Secondly, one of the ways you work in the House and the Senate is over time you gain respect. Find me a Republican on the other side that doesn't respect my judgment and doesn't think I tell them straight up the truth. I've worked with them. I've already done it. I would also include Republicans in my administration. Look, the basic premise you operate on, I reject. The vast majority of Republicans think this war stinks as well. The vast majority of Republicans out there think that our foreign policy is shambles. The vast majority of the Independents think that.

Folks, this is not going to be that hard. This is like not -- this isn't pushing the rope. They're sticking with George Bush out of loyalty, but I promise you I've already brought them along. I brought them along on Bosnia under the administration of Senator Clinton -- of President Clinton. I brought them along on the issue of dealing with arms control. I brought them along on the issue of the war in Iraq.

So folks, don't --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- buy into this premise that Republicans -- average Republicans and Republican senators don't agree to this, they do. They're afraid to take on Bush. I will end that. I've already done it, and I would start with ending the war in Iraq with 75 senators -- (off mike). (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Senator.

We're going to go back to Suzanne, but go ahead, Governor Richardson, very briefly.

LOSER Well, you know, tonight we've talked about Iran, we've talked about Iraq, we've talked about regimes that have not been friendly. I'd thrown in North Korea.

The cornerstone of my foreign policy would be diplomacy and negotiation.

We would be not the world's policemen but the world's conscience. All my life as an ambassador to the United Nations, as a special envoy, I've brought people together -- as a governor, bipartisan solutions, as a congressmen, as a secretary of Energy.

I'm going to answer your question specifically on the Middle East. Number one, I would have a Middle East peace envoy. This president's the only president that hasn't had one. I would base a Middle East settlement on a two-state solution protection for the security of Israel and a Palestinian state.

I would also look at adjustments in the '67 borders. I would also look at dealing effectively and efficiently and fairly with the settlements issue, with Jerusalem. I would do something else. I would talk to Syria. I would talk to Iran.

It's all tied in a solution. It's called leadership and diplomacy. And to take these steps, you have to be bold. We're talking about electing a president that is going to need to repair the enormous damage of this administration in the last eight years.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Suzanne, go ahead.

MALVEAUX Maria, would you stand, please? Give us your full name.

Q Maria -- (inaudible) -- and I'm a UNLV student. And my question is for Senator Clinton. This is a fun question for you. Do you prefer diamonds or pearls? (Laughter.)

LOSER Now, I know I'm sometimes accused of not being able to make a choice. I want both. (Laughter.)

MALVEAUX Do we get to ask any of the other candidates or, I suppose, just Senator Clinton? (Cross talk.)

Q It's the only thing shiny up there.

MALVEAUX Okay, thank you so much.

MODERATOR All right, so on that note, diamonds and pearls, I want to thank all of the Democratic presidential candidates for joining us here this evening. Let's give them a big round of applause. (Cheers, applause.)

That wraps up our debate tonight. This is the first presidential debate ever held here in the state of Nevada. We'd like to thank our hosts here at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and the Nevada Democratic Party, for all their help and all their volunteers in putting this together.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, we'll begin with you.

You gave an interview to The New York Times over the weekend pledging in it to be more aggressive, to be tougher in your campaign against your chief rival for the nomination, the leader among Democrats so far, Senator Clinton, who is here next to you tonight.

To that end, Senator, you said that Senator Clinton was trying to sound Republican, trying to vote Republican on national security issues, and that was, quote, "bad for the country and ultimately bad for the Democrats." That is a strong charge, as you're aware.

Specifically, what are the issues where you, Senator Obama, and Senator Clinton have differed, where you think she has sounded or voted like a Republican?

WINNER Well, first of all, I think some of this stuff gets overhyped. In fact, I think this has been the most hyped fight since Rocky fought Apollo Creed, although the amazing thing is I'm Rocky in this situation. (Laughter.)

But look, we have big challenges. We're at war. The country is struggling with issues like rising health care. We've got major global challenges like climate change. And that's going to require big meaningful change, and I'm running for president because I think that the way to bring about that change is to offer some sharp contrasts with the other party. I think it means that we bring people together to get things done. I think it means that we push against the special interests that are holding us back, and most importantly, I think it requires us to be honest about the challenges that we face.

It does not mean, I think, changing positions whenever it's political convenient.

And Senator Clinton in her campaign, I think, has been for NAFTA previously, now she's against it. She has taken one position on torture several months ago and then most recently has taken a different position. She voted for a war, to authorize sending troops into Iraq, and then later said this was a war for diplomacy.

I don't think that -- now, that may be politically savvy, but I don't think that it offers the clear contrast that we need. I think what we need right now is honestly with the American people about where we would take the country. That's how I'm trying to run my campaign. That's how I will be as president.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, rebuttal?

LOSER Well, I don't think the Republicans got the message that I'm voting and sounding like them. If you watched their debate last week, I seemed to be the topic of great conversation and consternation, and that's for a reason, because I have stood against George Bush and his failed policies.

They want to continue the war in Iraq; I want to end it. The Republicans are waving their sabers and talking about going after Iran. I want to prevent a rush to war. On every issue from health care for children to an energy policy that puts us on the right track to deal with climate change and make us more secure, I have been standing against the Republicans, George Bush and Dick Cheney, and I will continue to do so. And I think Democrats know that.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Tim Russert.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you issued a press release, your campaign, and the headline is "Edwards to Clinton American People Deserve the Truth, Not More Double-Talk on Iran." What double-talk are you suggesting that Senator Clinton's been engaging in on Iran?

LOSER Well, first, good evening. (Chuckles.) It's wonderful to be here. Let me talk a little bit about what I see as the choice that voters have. I think that from my perspective, President Bush over the last seven years has destroyed the trust relationship between America and its president. In fact, I think he's destroyed the trust relationship between the president of the United States and the rest of the world. And I think it is crucial for Democratic voters and caucus-goers to determine who they can trust, who's honest, who's sincere, who has integrity.

And I think it's fair, in that regard, to look at what people have said. Senator Clinton says that she believes she can be the candidate for change, but she defends a broken system that's corrupt in Washington, D.C. She says she will end the war, but she continues to say she'll keep combat troops in Iraq and continue combat missions in Iraq. To me, that's not ending the war; that's the continuation of the war.

She says she'll stand up to George Bush on Iran. She just said it again. And in fact, she voted to give George Bush the first step in moving militarily on Iran, and he's taken it. Bush and Cheney have taken it. They've now declared the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization and a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction. I think we have to stand up to this president.

And then finally she said in our last debate that she was against any changes on Social Security -- benefits, retirement age or raising the cap on the Social Security tax. But apparently it's been reported that she said privately something different than that. And I think the American people, given this historic moment in our country's history, deserve a president of the United States that they know will tell them the truth, and won't say one thing one time and something different at a different time.

MODERATOR Do you stand behind the word "double-talk"?

LOSER I do.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I think that anyone who's looked at my record of 35 years fighting, for women and children and people who feel invisible and left out in this country, knows my record. I fought for expanded education and health care in Arkansas. I helped to bring health care to 6 million children while in the White House. And now, in the Senate, I've been standing up against the Republicans on everything from preventing them from privatizing Social Security to standing up against President Bush's veto of children's health.

You know, I have a long record of standing up and fighting, and I take on the special interests. I've been taking them on for many years. And I think all you have to do is go back and -- and read the media to know that.

But on specific issues I've come out with very specific plans.

With respect to Social Security, I do have a plan. It's called start with fiscal responsibility. That's what we were doing in the 1990s, and we had Social Security on a much better path than it is today because of the irresponsible spending policies of George Bush and the Republican Congress.

If there are some of the long-term challenges that we need to address, let's do it in the context of having fiscal responsibility, and then let's put together a bipartisan commission and look at how we're going to deal with these long-term challenges. But I am not going to balance Social Security on the backs of seniors and hardworking middle-class Americans. Let's start taking the tax cuts away from the wealthy. Let's take away the no-bid contracts from Halliburton before we start imposing a trillion-dollar tax increase on the elderly and on middle-class workers. I don't think that's necessary.

So I have a very specific plan. My friends may not agree with it, but I've been saying it and talking about it for many months.

MODERATOR We're going to get to Social Security in a little bit, but I want to stay on Iran, Senator Clinton.

As you know, you voted for the Kyl-Lieberman amendment, the only member on the stage here who did that. Senator, Jim Webb of Virginia said it is for all practical purposes mandating the military option, that it is a clearly worded sense of Congress that could be interpreted as a declaration of war.

Why did you vote for that amendment, which would -- calls upon the president to structure our military forces in Iraq with regard to the capability of Iran?

LOSER Well, first of all, I am against a rush to war. I was the first person on this stage and one of the very first in the Congress to go to the floor of the Senate back in February and say George Bush had no authority to take any military action in Iran.

Secondly, I am not in favor of this rush for war, but I'm also not in favor of doing nothing. Iran is seeking nuclear weapons, and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is in the forefront of that, as they are in the sponsorship of terrorism. So some may want a false choice between rushing to war -- which is the way the Republicans sound; it's not even a question of whether, it's a question of when and what weapons to use -- and doing nothing. I prefer vigorous diplomacy, and I happen to think economic sanctions are part of vigorous diplomacy. We use them with respect to North Korea. We use them with respect to Libya. And many of us who voted for that resolution said that this is not anything other than an expression of support for using economic sanctions with respect to diplomacy.

You know, several people who were adamantly opposed to the war in Iraq, like Senator Durbin, voted the same way I did and said at the time that if he thought there was even the pretense that could be used from the language in that non-binding resolution to give George Bush any support to go to war, he wouldn't have voted for it. Neither would I.

So we can argue about what is a non-binding sense of the Senate, and I think that we are missing the point, which is we've got to do everything we can to prevent George Bush and the Republicans from doing something on their own to take offensive military action against Iran. I'm prepared to pass legislation that -- with my colleagues who are here in the Congress, to try to get some Republicans to join us, to make it abundantly clear that sanctions and diplomacy are the way to go; we reject and do not believe George Bush has any authority to do anything else.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you said that vote was a justification for war in Iran.

LOSER Well, Tim, I believe that this issue is going to come back to haunt us. We all learned, some of us here painfully, back in 2002 that by voting for an authorization regarding Iraq, that despite the language of that resolution, which called for diplomacy at the time, this administration used that resolution, obviously, to pursue a very aggressive action in Iraq.

I'm of a view here -- what you didn't learn back in '02, you should have learned by now. And you don't have to just listen to this resolution. There's been a series of drumbeats by this administration, by Dick Cheney, by the president, by others clearly pointing in the direction that would call for military action in Iran. It is a dangerous move, in my view, and therefore I thought it was incumbent upon us.

It was interesting that people like Dick Lugar, the former Republican chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee; Chuck Hagel, of Nebraska, Republicans, also had serious reservations and voted against that resolution the other day, on September 26th. I'm very concerned that we're going to see those 76 votes come back, being waved in front of us here as a justification when the Bush administration decides to take military action in Iran.

So it was a moment -- it's critical moment when I think leadership is called for here. If you're going to seek the leadership of our country, this is the most serious time in a generation. You have an ascending China. You have an Iranian that's ambitious to acquire nuclear weapons. You have obviously a $4 trillion economy that's in trouble, a health care crisis in this country, energy and other issues that are going to confront the next president. Good judgment and leadership at critical moments must be a part of this debate and discussion. That was a critical moment, and the wrong decision was made, in my view.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, do you agree with Senator Webb it was de facto a declaration of war?

LOSER I think it can be used as a fact -- a declaration.

But look, we have a -- we have a problem in the Senate -- and I'm not just directing this at Hillary; all -- there were 75 other people who voted with her, we're in a minority -- that there are consequences for what we do. And it's not even about going to war.

Let's look at what happened from the moment that vote took place.

Oil prices went up to $90 a barrel. Who benefits from that? All this talk of war, all this talk of declaring people to be terrorists, drove up the price of oil.

Secondly, we have emboldened Bush at a minimum. His talk of World War III, totally irresponsible talk. We've emboldened him, Tim, to be able to move if he chooses to move. They're terrorists. The fact that they're terrorists on one side of the border or the other, we've just declared them terrorists. That gives him the color of right to move against them.

Thirdly, this has incredible consequences for Afghanistan and Pakistan. Nobody talks about this. Do 75 of our colleagues not understand? We have now driven underground every moderate in Pakistan and in Afghanistan. This literally -- literally -- puts Karzai, as well as Musharraf, in jeopardy.

The notion here is it plays into this whole urban legend that America is on a crusade against Islam. This was bad -- if nothing else happens, not another single thing, this was bad policy.

The president had the ability to do everything that that amendment, that resolution called for without us talking to it. And all it has done is hurt us, even if not another single action is taken. Actions have consequences. Big nations can't bluff.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, let's get at this another way. Red line is the current expression of the moment where Iran is concerned in Washington. What would your red line be concerning when to, if to attack Iran? What would make it crystal clear in your mind that the United States should attack Iran?

WINNER I don't think we should be talking about attacking Iran at this point, for some of the reasons that Chris and Joe just talked about. Look, we have been seeing, during the Republican debates, the drumbeat of war. The president has been talking about World War III. That is a continuation of the kinds of foreign policy that rejects diplomacy and sees military action as the only tool available to us to influence the region. And what we should be doing is reaching out aggressively to our allies but also talking to our enemies and focusing on those areas where we do not accept their actions, whether it be terrorism or developing nuclear weapons, but also talking to Iran directly about the potential carrots that we can provide, in terms of them being involved in the World Trade Organization, or beginning to look at the possibilities of diplomatic relations being normalized.

We have not made those serious attempts. This kind of resolution does not send the right signal to the region. It doesn't send the right signal to our allies or our enemies, and as a consequence, I think over the long term it weakens our capacity to influence Iran.

Now, there may come a point where those measures have been exhausted and Iran is on the verge of obtaining a nuclear weapon, where we have to consider other options, but we shouldn't talk about those options now when we haven't tried what would be a much more effective approach.

MODERATOR Same question to Senator Clinton. What would be your red line?

LOSER Well, first of all, we have to try diplomacy, and I see economic sanctions as part of diplomacy. We've used it with other very difficult situations, like Libya, like North Korea, and I think that what we're trying to do here is put pressure on the Bush administration. Joe's absolutely right -- George Bush can do all of this without anybody. You know, that's the great tragedy, and that's why we've got to rein him in, and that's why we need Republican support in the Congress to help us do so. And I invite all of our colleagues to pass something immediately that makes it very clear he has no authority and we will not permit him to go take offensive action against Iran.

But what we're trying to do is push forward on vigorous diplomacy. That has been lacking.

I believe we should be engaged in diplomacy right now with the Iranians. Everything should be on the table, not just their nuclear program. I've been advocating this for several years, I believe it strongly, but I also think when you go to the table to negotiate with an adversarial regime, you need both carrots and sticks. The Revolutionary Guard is deeply involved in the commercial activities of Iran. Having those economic sanctions hanging over their heads gives our negotiators one of the set of sticks that we need to try to make progress in dealing with a very complicated complicated situation.

Everybody agrees up here that President Bush has made a total mess out of the situation with Iran. What we're trying to do is to sort our way through to try to put diplomacy, with some carrots and some sticks, into the mix and get the president to begin to do that.

MODERATOR Respectfully, Senator, same question, though Do you have a threshold, a red line beyond which?

LOSER I want to start diplomacy. You know, I am not going to speculate about when or if they get nuclear weapons. We're trying to prevent them from getting so. We're not, in my view, rushing to war. We should not be doing that. But we shouldn't be doing nothing.

And that means we should not let them acquire nuclear weapons, and the best way to prevent that is a full-court press on the diplomatic front.

MODERATOR I've noted all of our candidates want in on this. Senator Edwards, you next.

LOSER Thank you very much.

Well, I just listened to what Senator Clinton said, and she said she wanted to maximize pressure on the Bush administration. So the way to do that is to vote yes on a resolution that looks like it was written literally by the neocons? I mean, has anyone read this thing? I mean, it literally gave Bush and Cheney exactly what they wanted.

It didn't just give them what they wanted; they acted on it. A few weeks later, they declared the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization and -- this is going to sound very familiar; remember from Iraq, the prelude to Iraq? -- proliferators of weapons of mass destruction. The way you put pressure on this administration is you stand up to -- you say no.

A lot of us on this stage have learned our lessons the hard way, that you give this president an inch and he will take a mile. And this is about such an important issue, and we have to stand up to this president. We need to make it absolutely clear that we have no intention of letting Bush, Cheney or this administration invade Iraq (sic) because they have been rattling the saber over and over and over.

And what this resolution did, written literally in the language of the neocons, is it enables this president to do exactly what he wants to do. He continues to march forward. He continues to say this is a terrorist organization. He continues to say these are proliferators of weapons of mass destruction. How in the world is that Democrats? We're not talking about Republicans now, Chris and Joe -- Democrats standing up to this president and saying no, we are not going to allow this; we are not going to allow this march to war in Iran.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, would you negotiate with Iran without any conditions?

LOSER Yes, I would, and I'm the only one on this stage that has actually negotiated with a foreign country with Iran.

LOSER That's not true. (Laughs.)

LOSER And I want to just say to you that, in my judgment, we have to use diplomacy, and there is a red line. We cannot permit Iran to use nuclear weapons, and I do believe what you do is -- Ahmadinejad, it's very difficult to deal with him, but there are moderate elements in Iran. There are moderate clerics, there are students, there's a business community, and I believe that we can achieve a compromise on the nuclear issue in exchange for them having a nuclear fuel cycle, nuclear power; they don't develop nuclear weapons -- carrot and sticks, diplomatic initiatives, economic incentives.

The problem is, we saber rattle, and this resolution in the Senate saber rattles.

I was U.N. ambassador. I know this region, and I do believe that it's critically important that we talk to North Korea, that we talk to Syria, that we talk to Iran. And it's going to take skilled diplomacy, and what we have in this administration is a policy of preemption, of saber rattling, of leaking out potential targets in Iran. That's not going to get diplomacy started.

And I believe it's critical, if we're going to resolve the situation in the Middle East, if we're going to get Iraq to stop Iran's helping terrorists, we have to engage them, vigorously, potentially also with sanctions. And we need to get European allies, who refuse generally to help us with sanctions, as well as Russia. And what you saw recently is Russia and Iran embracing each other. That is not healthy.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, your opinion of this resolution?

LOSER Well, first of all, we need to adamantly reject any kind of a move towards war with Iran. There's no basis for it whatsoever.

But we have to realize, Tim, that we have a number of enablers, who happen to be Democrats, who have said over the last year, with respect to Iran, all options are on the table.

And when you say all options are on the table, you are licensing President Bush. When -- and I'm the only one up here on the stage who not only voted against the war in Iraq, voted against funding the war, but also led the effort against Bush's drive towards war.

The problem is, these policies of preemption license a war. Preemption, by virtue of international law, is illegal. Our president has already violated international law. The war in Iraq is illegal. Even planning for the war against Iran is illegal.

Tim, we're here in Philadelphia, the birthplace of democracy. I want to know when this Democratic Congress is going to stand up for the Constitution and hold the president accountable with Article II, Section 4 an impeachment act. I think that our democracy is in peril. And unless the Democrats and the Congress stand up for the Constitution, we are going to lose our country.

We need to challenge him on this war but we need to challenge him at his core. And the core is, there needs to be a separation of powers, a balance of powers. Things are out of balance. It is time for us to stand up for the Constitution of the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I want to ask each of you the same question.

Senator Clinton, would you pledge to the American people that Iran will not develop a nuclear bomb while you are president?

LOSER I intend to do everything I can to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb.

MODERATOR But you won't pledge?

LOSER I am pledging I will do everything I can to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb.

MODERATOR But they may.

LOSER Well, you know, Tim, you asked me if I would pledge, and I have pledged that I will do everything I can -- (laughter) -- to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear bomb.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards.

LOSER What I will do is take all the responsible steps that can be taken to keep Iran from developing a nuclear weapon.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER I think all of us are committed to Iran not having nuclear weapons. And -- and so, you know, we -- we -- we could potentially short-circuit this. (Laughter.)

But -- but I think there is a larger point at stake, Tim, and that is we have been governed by fear for the last six years, and this president has used the fear of terrorism to launch a war that should have never been authorized. We are seeing the same pattern now. We are seeing the Republican nominees do the same thing. And it is very important for us to draw a clear line and say we are not going to be governed by fear.

We will take threats seriously. We will take action to make sure that the United States is secure. As president of the United States, I will do everything in my power to keep us safe.

But what we cannot continue to do is operate as if we are the weakest nation in the world instead of the strongest one, because that's not who we are. And that's not what America has been about historically, and it is starting to warp our domestic policies, as well. We haven't even talked about civil liberties and the impact of that politics of fear, what that has done to us in terms of undermining basic civil liberties in this country, what it has done in terms of our reputation around the world.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, would you pledge to the American people that Iran would not build a nuclear bomb on your watch?

LOSER I would pledge to keep us safe. If you told me, Tim -- and this is not -- this is complicated stuff. We talk about this in isolation. The fact of the matter is the Iranians may get 2.6 kilograms of highly enriched uranium; the Pakistanis have hundreds, thousands of kilograms of highly enriched uranium.

If by attacking Iran to stop them from getting 2.6 kilograms of highly enriched uranium, the government in Pakistan falls, who has missiles already deployed, with nuclear weapons on them, that can already reach Israel, already reach India, then that's a bad bargain.

Presidents make wise decisions informed not by a vacuum in which they operate, by the situation they find themselves in the world. I will do all in my power to stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons, but I will never take my eye off the ball.

What is the greatest threat to the United States of America 2.6 kilograms of highly enriched uranium in Tehran or an out of control Pakistan? It's not close.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, listen, I -- there's a deeper question here because not only with the pledge you make, but this audience and others here make a determination which of us here have the experience, the background here to manage the situation. It's a critical question.

As I said at the outset of my -- the first question you gave me here, this is the most critical time in a generation in this country. The problems are in the Middle East and what's going on in the Far East, as well as in Latin America and elsewhere, and which of us here brings the background, the experience, the ability to make a difference on these issues, including the question of Iran.

I agree with, Joe. I think the more immediate problem is Pakistan, the one that needs to be addressed, but certainly bringing that experience together so that you're able to marshal the resources, put together the kind of team and demonstrate as a result of what you've been able to accomplish over the years that you can actually handle this situation. Results matter. Experience matters. Having to demonstrate an ability to deal with these issues is critical.

So certainly, I would make a pledge, obviously, to do everything we can to avoid this problem, but I would suggest to you, Tim, that the more immediate issue is the one exactly that Joe has identified here. Pakistan does pose a more serious issue for this country and one that needs to be addressed. That's what I did in Latin American when I negotiated the settlements in El Salvador and Nicaragua, going back 20 years ago -- deeply involved in the process, working day after day with various elements, to bring about the kind of results that today has reduced the threats of violence in that part of the world.

That's what's needed here -- a leader that has the experience and the background to grapple with these issues.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson.

LOSER Well, I would make the pledge, and it would be through diplomacy. And what we're also talking about is not just Pakistan. We're talking about enriched uranium, a loose nuclear weapon, nuclear materials, fissionable material throughout the world. Even more of a threat than nuclear weapons is a loose nuclear weapon crossing the border. So what we need is an international agreement, but the key has to be diplomacy.

And I have -- in the fourth row there's a man named Bill Barloon, who I rescued from an Iraqi prison in Abu Ghraib. And it's going to take leadership, and it's going to take diplomacy. It's going to take negotiation. I went head to head with Saddam Hussein, and I brought two Americans out. Bill Barloon is one. And the greatest words I heard after I got them out was, "Thank you." And then I said, "I'm taking you home." That's diplomacy. That means talking to the Irans, to the Syrias, to the North Korea. I've done it all my life as a diplomat, as a U.N. ambassador, as a special envoy, as a hostage negotiator. I've got the most international experience here, with all due respect. There's a lot of good international experience here, but I've gone head to head in North Korea, and we got back -- we got back six remains of our soldiers six months ago.

We got the North Koreans to stop their nuclear reactor. And so I believe it's important that we have a leader not just that can bring people together, but could resolve some of the thorniest problems we have.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, same question.

LOSER With all due respect to our friends from the media here, the media itself has to be careful how you frame these questions. We don't want to be put in a position where we are taking this country to the threshold of war. The media did play a role in taking us into war in Iraq, and I'm urging the members of the media to urge restraint upon you and our president, whose rhetoric is out of control.

I would go to Iran and I would urge Iran not just to not have nuclear weapons; I would urge them to give up nuclear power because nuclear power is the most expensive type of power there is. It is not a sustainable type of power because of the cost of it. It -- it is unsafe. I would urge Iran to give up nuclear power.

But I would also do -- do something further. It is time that the United States government enforced and -- and participated in fully the Non-Proliferation Treaty, which calls for the abolition of all nuclear weapons.

We must lead the way and we must have a president who understands the danger of these nuclear weapons, and have America lead the way among all nations towards nuclear abolition. When we do that, we will have the credibility to go to an Iran, and any other nation that may have desire for a nuclear power, to say, look, we want to take it in a different direction; we are not going to stand by and watch our country lost because we are ratcheting up the rhetoric towards war against Iran.

We have to stop this, Tim. We have to stop ratcheting up the rhetoric for war. We really need to stop it.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, elsewhere in the region, let's talk about Iraq. One of your military advisers, retired Lieutenant General Claudia Kennedy, while campaigning for you in New Hampshire, was recently quoted saying, quote, "I don't oppose the war. I have never heard Senator Clinton say, I oppose the war," closed quote.

Senator Clinton, do you oppose the war in Iraq?

LOSER Absolutely but I do not, and I don't think any of us do, oppose the brave young men and women who have fought this war with such distinction and heroism.

You know, I have said repeatedly that I will begin to bring our troops home as soon as I am president, because it is abundantly clear that President Bush does not intend to end the war while he is still president. In order to do that, we're going to have to get the Joint Chiefs and my secretary of Defense and advisers together to start the planning, to move as quickly as possible, because I don't believe that the planning has been sufficiently undertaken in the Pentagon under this administration. But we've got to do more. We have to try to get the Iraqi government to understand its obligations, because there is no military solution, and they have thus far failed to do so.

And finally, we need to engage in diplomacy with respect to Iraq. You know, we have a big diplomatic apparatus. This president doesn't use it. He relies on a very small group of people. I think that's a terrible mistake. In addition to the Foreign Service officers, I would bring in a lot of other distinguished Americans who have experience, people, you know, like my colleagues Bill and Joe and Chris.

We need a lot of Americans trying to fan out across the world following President Bush because he's going to leave so many problems. His policies have alienated our friends and emboldened our enemies. And Iraq and Iran are tinderboxes, the Middle East, Pakistan. I agree with Joe. The Afghanistan situation. Everywhere you look in the world, we've got work to do. And I think we've got to do more than just send our young men and women out. That is not an appropriate use of their power.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, was Senator Clinton's answer to the opposition of the Iraq war question consistent, in your view?

WINNER Well, I don't think it's consistent with the Iran resolution, for example, which specifically stated that we should structure our forces in Iraq with an eye towards blunting Iranian influence. It is yet another rationale for what we're doing in Iraq, and I think that's a mistake.

Now, I agree that we've got to focus on diplomacy. The president has to lead that diplomacy, which is why I've said I would convene a meeting of Muslim leaders upon taking office because I think we have to send a strong signal that we are willing to listen and not just talk, and certainly not just dictate or engage in military action.

But the -- the real key for the next president is someone who has the credibility of not having been one of the co-authors of this engagement in Iraq. And I think I am in a strong position to be able to say I thought this was a bad idea from the first -- in the first place, we now have to fix it, we have to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in, but we nevertheless have to take steps that are not only engaging Iraqis -- the Shi'a, the Sunni and the Kurds -- but also engaging Iran, Syria and other powers in the region.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, same question.

LOSER Well, I -- here's what I want. I want to make certain that voters in Iowa, New Hampshire and all across America -- Democrats, independents -- understand that you have choices in this election, very clear choices. If you believe that combat missions should be continued in Iraq over the long term, if you believe that combat troops should remain stationed in Iraq, and if you believe there should be no actual timetable for withdrawal, then Senator Clinton's your candidate.

I don't. I think that we need to end combat missions; we need to get combat troops out of Iraq. As president of the United States, I will do that. I think it's a requirement of leadership as president, and I will do it in my first year in office. Combat missions ended, combat troops out of Iraq, period. So there's a very clear choice here between the candidates.

And the second thing that I want to be certain that voters are aware of, when we talk -- we've had long discussion about Iran, and Barack just made the connection to Iran, and there is a very clear connection, because we need to learn from the past. And what we've learned from the past is you cannot trust this president, and what I worry about is if Bush invades Iran six months from now, I mean, are we going to hear, "If I only I had known then what I know now"? Well, we know enough now to know we have to stand up to this president.

And the second point I would make is, I was surprised by Senator Clinton's vote, I'll be honest about that, and then I saw an explanation of it in The New York Times for her vote, which basically said she was moving from primary mode to general election mode. I think that our responsibility as presidential candidates is to be in tell-the-truth mode all the time. We should not be saying something different in the primary than we say in the general election.

I think that's what Americans have been hearing from George Bush, and I think they're looking for something different, and voters have a choice in this election.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, 30-second rebuttal.

LOSER May I -- well, I -- I need to rebut this. I don't know where to start.

Number one, when we talk about combat missions in Iraq, my understanding is that we had the same agreement, most of us, on this stage, that we would bring out combat troops, but we would pursue a mission against al Qaeda in Iraq if they remained a threat. Now, I don't know how you pursue al Qaeda without engaging them in combat. So I think we're having a semantic difference here.

I think we should get as many of the combat troops out as quickly as possible. If we leave any troops in, like Special Operations, to go after al Qaeda in Iraq, I assume that we don't want them just sitting around and watching them; we want them to engage them. That is a very limited mission. That is what I have said consistently.

And you know, when it comes to where I stand, I have been explaining that to the American people. I stand for ending the war in Iraq, bringing our troops home. But I also know it's going to be complicated, and it's going to take time. And I intend to do it in a responsible manner that is as safe for our troops as possible. We're going to have troops remaining there, guarding our embassy. We may have a continuing training mission, and we may have a mission against al Qaeda in Iraq. So that's a very big difference than having the 160,000 troops that George Bush has there today.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. And a brief housekeeping note here we have built two or three rather short breaks into tonight's program, this two-hour debate tonight.

And we're going to choose to take the first of them right now, mostly so everyone can take a breath, on this hot stage, on this otherwise cool night in Philadelphia. We will continue with our debate, from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia, right after this.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, resuming what will be tonight a two- hour debate.

And we're going to start with another subject at the top of this segment. Senator Clinton, it will go to you. It speaks to electability.

Earlier this month, Republican presidential front-runner Rudolph Giuliani said this about you, quote, "I don't know Hillary's experience. She's never run a city. She's never run a state. She's never run a business. She's never met a payroll. She's never been responsible for the safety and security of millions of people, much less even hundreds of people. So I'm trying to figure out where the experience is here." End of quote.

Senator, how do you respond to the former mayor of New York?

LOSER Well, I think the kind of experience that the Republican nominees are exhibiting is the kind of experience we don't need. And I think my experience of 35 years as an advocate for children and families, as a citizen activist, as someone who helped to bring educational reform and health care reform to Arkansas, bringing the Children's Health Insurance Program to fruition during the years in the White House, my time in the Senate, I think my experience on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue -- but it's really about what's at stake in this election and who can deliver the change that we all know this country desperately needs.

And in a perverse way, I think that, you know, the Republicans and their constant obsession with me demonstrates clearly that they obviously think that I am communicating effectively about what I will do as president.

And I am trying to do that because it matters greatly. We've got to turn the page on George Bush and Dick Cheney. In fact, we have to throw the whole book away. This has been a disastrous period in American history, and we hope it will be aberration. Then we need to get back to doing what will work again here at home and around the world.

And I've set forth big goals to restore America's leadership, to once again rebuild a strong and prosperous middle class, to reform our government, and to reclaim the future for our children, and that means ending the war in Iraq, having an energy policy that works and creates jobs, having health care for everyone, having an education system from pre-kindergarten to college affordability and so much more.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I'd like to follow up because, in terms of your experience as first lady, in order to give the American people an opportunity to make a judgment about your experience, would you allow the National Archives to release the documents about your communications with the president, the advice you gave, because, as you well know, President Clinton has asked the National Archives not to do anything until 2012?

LOSER Well, actually, Tim, the Archives is moving as rapidly as the Archives moves. There's about 20 million pieces of paper there and they are moving, and they are releasing as they do their process. And I am fully in favor of that.

Now, all of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available. Others are becoming available. And I think that, you know, the Archives will continue to move as rapidly as the circumstances and processes demand.

MODERATOR But there was a letter written by President Clinton specifically asking that any communication between you and the president not be made available to the public until 2012. Would you lift that ban?

LOSER Well, that's not my decision to make. And I don't believe that any president or first lady has. But certainly we'll move as quickly as our circumstances and the processes of the National Archives permits.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, your hand's up?

WINNER Well, look, I'm glad that Hillary took the phrase "turn the page." It's a good one. But this is an example of not turning the page. We have just gone through one of the most secretive administrations in our history, and not releasing, I think, these records at the same time, Hillary, as you're making the claim that this is the basis for your experience, I think, is a problem.

Part of what we have to do is invite the American people back to participate in their government again. Part of what we need to do is rebuild trust in our government again.

And that means being open and transparent and accountable to the American people.

And that's one of the hallmarks of my previous work in the state legislature, in the United States Senate -- making sure that Americans know where our money's going, what earmarks are out there, what kinds of pork barrel spending is being done, who's bundling money for who. And that, I think, is part of the job of the next president, is making Americans believe that our government is working for them because right now, they don't feel like it's working for them. They feel like it's working for special interests, and it's working for corporations.

One last point I want to make Part of the reason that Republicans, I think, are obsessed with you, Hillary, is because that's a fight they're very comfortable having. It is the fight that we've been through since the '90s. And part of the job of the next president is to break the gridlock and to get Democrats and independents and Republicans to start working together to solve these big problems, like health care or climate change or energy.

And what we don't need is another eight years of bickering. And that's precisely why I'm running for president. Because one of the things I've been able to do throughout my political career is to bring people together to get things done.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards had his hand up. Then I want to give Senator Clinton the chance to respond.

LOSER Thank you very much.

I mean, another perspective on why the Republicans keep talking about Senator Clinton is, Senator, she -- they may actually want to run against you, and that's the reason they keep bringing you up.

What I would say is Senator Clinton just said that she believes we desperately need change in this country, and I -- I agree with that. I actually think we have a system that's broken. It's rigged, it's corrupt, and it does not work for the American people, and it's time we start telling the truth about that. Too much influence from entrenched interests -- insurance companies, drug companies, oil companies. Too much influence from Washington lobbyists.

And so the question I think that voters have to ask themselves is, do you believe that the candidate who's raised the most money from Washington lobbyists, Democrat or Republican; the candidate who's raised the most money from the health industry -- drug companies, health insurance companies; the candidate who's raised the most money from the defense industry, Republican or Democrat; who -- and the answer to all those questions is that's Senator Clinton -- will she be the person who brings about the change in this country? You know, I -- I believe in Santa Claus, I believe in the Tooth Fairy, but I don't think that's going to happen. I really don't.

And I -- I think that if people want the status quo, Senator Clinton's your candidate. That's what I believe. If they want real change, then they need somebody who tells the truth about a system that doesn't work, who believes that this may actually be the first generation -- we're all worried about this being the first generation that doesn't leave the world and America better for our children, unlike 20 generations that came before us.

This is not an abstract thing. This is not about lobbyists. Matter of fact, it's not about any of us. The truth is, when this election is over, I'm going to be fine. Senator Clinton's going to be fine. Senator Obama's going to be fine. The question is, will America be fine? And will we ensure -- and I think this is the great moral test of our generation -- will we ensure that our children have a better life than we've had? That's the responsibility we have.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, please.

LOSER Well, I think we were making progress in the 1990s, and I'm very proud of the progress we're making until, unfortunately, the Supreme Court handed the presidency to George Bush. And we have been living with the consequences ever since. And I think it is time for us to step up and say we're going to change the way Washington works. And I've laid out very specific plans about how to do that. I'm going to take $10 billion away from a lot of these industries, starting with money from the HMOs that are getting too much out of Medicare, starting with the no-bid contracts for Halliburton, starting with the defense industry that needs to be pared down and reined in. I've been very clear about that, and I intend to implement that.

You know, change is just a word if you don't have the strength and experience to actually make it happen.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, to you let's apply the -- what we'll call the Giuliani question about having run a city, a state, a payroll.

What specifically is your relevant experience for being president?

WINNER The experience I have in politics is primarily legislative, but here's the experience that I think the next president needs. I think the next president has to be able to get people to work together to get things done even when they disagree, and I've done that. You know, when I was in Illinois we brought police officers and civil rights advocates together to reform a death penalty system that had sent 13 innocent men to death row, and we ended up passing it unanimously, even though originally people had said it couldn't be done.

Dennis earlier was talking about the need to work on nonproliferation issues. I've worked with Dick Lugar, Republican spokesperson for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, to focus on the next generation of nonproliferation efforts. Now that I think is critical experience.

I also think it is critical for the next president to be experienced to stand up to special interests. I'm glad Hillary's talking about it, but I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing -- along with Russ Feingold -- some of the toughest ethics reforms since Watergate -- making sure that lobbyists could not provide gifts and meals to congressman, making sure the bundling of monies by lobbyists was disclosed.

And finally, I think we've got to have a president who has the experience of standing up even when it's not easy, which is what I did in 2002 when I stood up against this war in Iraq 10 days before the authorization. It is -- that is the kind of judgment that I'm displaying during this campaign when I go to Detroit and I say to the automakers that they need to raise fuel efficiency standards; not in front of some environmental group.

That kind of consistency and principled leadership, I think, is what is going to move us in the next direction. That's what I'll provide as president.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, though there was broad disagreement on this panel about you having the only negotiation experience, you did raise your qualifications earlier. Is your contention that, say, the top three front-runners in this race are less qualified than you are to be president?

LOSER No. And I'm positive -- you know what I'm hearing here, I'm hearing this holier-than-thou attitude toward Senator Clinton. That it's bothering me because it's pretty close to personal attacks that we don't need. Do we trust her? Do we -- she takes money from special interests.

We need to be positive in this campaign. Yes, we need to point out our differences, and I have big differences with her. Over the war. I would get all our troops out. Over No Child Left Behind. I'd get rid of it.

I also have differences over Iran. I think that was the wrong vote for her to cast, because I think it was saber-rattling.

But I think it's important that we save the ammunition for the Republicans. If we continue, I believe, harping on the past and not focusing on the future, look, the reality on the electability issue is, the last senator that was elected president was 40 years ago. His name was John F. Kennedy.

We elect governors as president. 7 out of the last 8 have been either governors or ex-governors. And my view is that I know how to bring people together. More than all the issues that we're talking about, it's who can govern, who can manage.

I'm the only CEO in this race. I've balanced budgets. I've provided health care to kids under 12. I've improved education. I've got foreign policy experience. I've negotiated with foreign countries as a diplomat, as a hostage negotiator.

Yeah, I do think it is substantially more than my colleagues, although they have a strong record. But the important thing is that we need to stay positive. We need to have disagreements on the issues, not on whether you can trust. I trust Senator Clinton but I don't agree with her on a majority of issues.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you gave an interview to our local NBC station here today alluding to problems with Senator Clinton's national electability. What is the point you want to make on that score?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think electability is a very critical issue. Look, at the end of this process here, we need to have a Democrat in the White House come January 20th, 2009.

That is essential, in my view, to get this country back on its feet again, to restore our moral authority in the world. It is a critical question.

Whether it's fair or not fair, the fact of the matter is that my colleague from -- from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her. I'm not saying that people don't know already. I don't necessarily like it, but those are the facts. We as a party certainly have to take that into consideration.

But let me add, since the matter's been brought up here, as well here, this situation -- ethics situation does bother me in a sense, what Bill Richardson has alluded to. Our friend John Edwards here, certainly taking money from the trial bar, special interest group, here to be condemning one candidate for taking money from one group as opposed to another.

I happen to believe we ought to have public financing for our campaigns. I've supported that for 25 years. I managed the McCain- Feingold legislation on the floor of the United States Senate several years ago. I won't take a backseat to anybody on trying to reform our political process.

But let's remember what's at stake here. We need to elect a Democrat -- a Democrat that's electable and a Democrat that can bring to the country together. For 26 years I have, in every major landmark piece of legislation, had a Republican as my cosponsor because no one party is going to straighten all of this out. When I started the Children's Caucus in 1981, I did it with Arlen Specter of this state. When I wrote the Family and Medical Leave bill, I did it with Kit Bond and Dan Coats.

When I wrote the first childcare legislation since World War II, I did it with Orrin Hatch -- not because I agreed with him on any other issue, but because I knew in order to move our country forward we had to have leadership in this country that understood the value of reaching out and finding common ground with people.

So electability and the ability to govern and to do so immediately are important, but don't discount the importance of electability. It's a very important hurdle.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, do you want to take 30 seconds and respond on situational ethics?

LOSER I do.

First of all, let me be absolutely clear about this. I think I said it a few minutes ago. Nobody on this stage is pure, and that absolutely includes me. And I am not perfect, nor do I claim to be. It is true that I, like Senator Obama, have taken no money from Washington lobbyists in this campaign and no money from special interest PACs, but I'm not interested in patting myself on the back or actually talking about anybody personally on this stage.

And I completely disagree with what Bill said. This is not about the past. This is about the future. This is about whether we believe this system works. I mean, we are here in Philadelphia where the Founding Fathers decided that the power, the sovereign power in this government should not reside with the rich and the powerful; it ought to reside with the people. And everybody in America can see what's happening now. We don't have universal health care because of drug companies, insurance companies and their lobbyists.

Well, the reason we haven't tackled global warming is because of oil companies, power companies and their lobbyists.

And the question is, what are we going to do for our children? I mean, are -- I'll say this to every voter who's watching this debate Are you -- listen, we've all stood by and watched this happen. That includes me. I'm guilty, guilty as charged.

But the question is, are you willing to look your children in the eye tonight and say, "I'm going to turn this mess over to you"? Because if you turn your back on the incompetence and the corruption that exists in Washington today, that's exactly what you're saying. You're saying, "I'm going to let my children and my grandchildren take care of that." I'm not willing to do that.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, you're smiling. Why?

LOSER Well, I'm -- I'm glad to hear people take a stand for integrity. When people get money from New York hedge funds and then they attack another person for getting money from Washington interest groups, you know what? They're both right. So I'm not going to get in the middle of that one.

Now, I want to go beyond that. The American people have a right to know what's different here among all these candidates. We haven't really established that, I don't think. And I'm the only one up here who stands for a not-for-profit health care system, which means that the insurance industry has enormous influence. In this race, why shouldn't Democrats stand for universal single-payer not-for-profit, with 46 million Americans under- -- uninsured and 50 million Americans underinsured?

Tim, I want to tell you something. There's got to be people watching this at home saying, "Hey, you haven't talked about me losing my job because of NAFTA." Well, I'll cancel NAFTA and -- and -- and the WTO and have trade that's based on workers' rights, human rights and environmental quality principles.

Somebody's got to be saying, "Wait a minute, who's talking about whether I'm going to have health care?" I've introduced the bill, H.R. 676.

You have somebody worried about losing their home. We need to cancel Bush's tax cuts and flip them so we give the benefit to the 80 percent while currently it's going to the top 1 percent so people will have more money so they can save their homes.

I mean, we have to talk about people's practical aspirations here. And if we don't do that tonight, this debate is a total flop.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, you said recently, "While Mrs. Clinton was meeting socially with the prime minister of a country, I was sitting down and negotiating with them. I know my experience is considerably deeper and more relevant." Do you stand by that quote? And is your inference that she is less qualified than you to be president?

LOSER I'm not running against Hillary Clinton. I'm running to lead the free world. I'm running to lead this country.

And the irony is Rudy -- Rudy Giuliani, probably the most underqualified man since George Bush to seek the presidency -- (laughter, scattered applause) -- is here talking about any of the people here. Rudy Giuliani. I mean, think about it. Rudy Giuliani. There's -- there's only three things he mentions in a sentence a noun and a verb and 9/11. I mean, there's nothing else. (Laughter.)

There's nothing else. (Applause.) And I mean it sincerely. He is genuinely not qualified to be president.

Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill, that became the Clinton crime bill, that allowed him to do that. They wipe it out; he's remained silent. The 9/11 commission comes along and says the way to keep your city safe is to do the following things. He's been silent. He's been -- done nothing.

And now he's talking about he's going to go in and he will demonstrate to Iran he's going to in fact lay down the law. This man is truly not qualified to be president. I'm looking forward to running against Rudy Giuliani. (Laughter.)

And with regard to my experience, hey, Bill, 1979 I was -- I led a delegation of 19 senators negotiating the START agreement with Brezhnev. I was deeply involved in Bosnia, as the first lady and now Senator Clinton will tell you. I've been negotiating while you were still in Congress, man.

And so the point is -- and I introduced the first public financing bill. If you all had been around long enough, you may -- no, maybe have been around too long, they forget all the wonderful things I've done here.

But anyway -- (laughter) -- all kidding aside -- (laughter) -- I'm running not against Hillary Clinton or anybody on this stage. I'm running to be the leader of this country, to put it back on track and to regain control in the world which is lost.

MODERATOR On that note, Tim Russert's going to take us into a segment on Social Security.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I want to clear something up, which goes to the issue of credibility.

You were asked at the AARP debate whether or not you would consider taxing -- lifting the cap from 97,500, taxing that, raising more money for Social Security. You said, quote, "It's a no." I asked you the same question in New Hampshire. You said no. Then you went to Iowa and you went up to Tod Bowman, a teacher, and had a conversation with him, saying, I would consider a -- lifting the cap perhaps above 200,000. You were overheard by an Associated Press reporter saying that.

Why do you have one public position and one private position?

LOSER Well, Tim, I don't. I have said consistently that my plan for Social Security is fiscal responsibility first, then to deal with any long-term challenges which, I agree, are ones that we're going to have to address. We would have a bipartisan commission. In the context of that, I think all of these would be considered.

But personally I do not want to balance Social Security on the backs of our seniors and middle class families. That's why I put fiscal responsibility first, because we have to change the Bush tax cuts, which I am committed to doing. We have to move back toward a more fair and progressive tax system and begin once again to move toward a balanced budget with a surplus.

You know, part of the idea in the '90s was not just so Bill would have a check mark next to his name in history, but so that we would have the resources to deal with a lot of these entitlement problems. George Bush understood that, the Republicans understood that. They wanted to decimate that balanced budget and a surplus because they knew that that would give them a free hand to try to privatize Social Security. I am not going to be repeating Republican talking points.

So when somebody asks me, would something like this be considered? Well, anything can be considered when we get to a bipartisan commission, but personally, I am not going to be advocating any specific fix until I am seriously approaching fiscal responsibility.

MODERATOR But you did raise it as a possibility with Tod Boman.

LOSER Well, but everybody knows what the possibilities are, Tim. Everybody knows that. But I do not -- I do not advocate it, I do not support it. I have laid out what I do believe, and I'm going to continue to emphasize that. I think for us to act like Social Security is in crisis is a Republican trap. We're playing on the Republican field, and I don't intend to do that.

MODERATOR You called it a Republican talking point. Georgetown University, February 9th, 1998 We are in a -- you're heading to a looming fiscal crisis in Social Security. If nothing is done, it will require a huge tax increase in the payroll tax or 25 percent in Social Security benefits, Bill Clinton, 1998.

That's recent history, only two years to go in his term. Is that a Republican talking point?

LOSER No, but what he did was to move us toward a balanced budget and a surplus. And if you go back and you look at the numbers, they really took off, starting in '98, '99, 2000, 2001. And that would have given a president who actually believed in Social Security, which George Bush does not, the resources and the options to make decisions, but not the kind of draconian decisions and certainly not the move toward privatization, which is what the Republicans have been advocating for as long as I can remember.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you said in May that, quote, "Everything is on the table" when it comes to Social Security. You now have an ad up in Iowa which says that any benefit cuts are off, and raising retirement age are off. Why have you changed your mind?

WINNER Well, what I say is, is that that is not my plan.

Now, I just want to go back to -- to what Senator Clinton said, because I think it's important for us not to engage in business as usual on Social Security, and talk straight. Everybody on this stage is against privatization, and we all fought against it, everybody.

I absolutely agree that Social Security is not in crisis. It is a fundamentally sound system, but it does have a problem, long term.

Even if we deal with the issue of fiscal responsibility, the trust fund is no longer being raided -- that's something that all of us are in favor of -- we've got 78 million baby boomers who are going to be retiring over the next couple of decades. That means more retirees, fewer workers to support those retirees. It is common sense that we are going to have to do something about it. That is not a Republican talking point. And if we don't deal with it now, it will get harder to deal with later.

So what I've said -- and I know some others on this stage have said -- is that among the options that are available, the best one is to lift the cap on the payroll tax, potentially exempting folks in the middle -- middle-class folks -- but making sure that the wealthy are paying more of their fair share, a little bit more.

Now, it is important, if we are going to lead this country, to be clear to the American people about what our intentions are. And this is part of the politics that we have been playing, which is to try to muddle though, give convoluted answers. Ultimately, we then don't have a mandate and we can't bring about change, in part because we're afraid to give Republicans talking points. I am not fearful, just as Joe isn't, to have a debate about this with Rudy Giuliani because we've got the facts on our side. But we've got to be clear about those facts and not pretend that those facts don't exist.

MODERATOR But when asked by The New York Times whether Senator Clinton has been truthful, you said no.

WINNER What I said is that she has not been truthful and clear about this point that I just made, which is, we can talk about fiscal responsibility, and all of us agree with it. All of us oppose privatization. But even after we deal with those issues, we are still going to have an actuarial gap that has to be dealt with. It is not going to vanish. And if we have a moral responsibility to the next generation to make sure that Social Security is there -- the most successful program to lift seniors out of poverty that we've ever devised -- then we need to start acting now and having a serious conversation about it.

LOSER Well, Tim, I don't see any difference here.

You know, my view is we go toward fiscal responsibility, which is hard. It's not going to be easy inheriting what we're going to be inheriting from Bush and the Republicans. And there are some long- term challenges. I have no disagreement with that.

But I think the best way to handle them is within the context of a bipartisan commission. That's what worked in 1983, when Social Security was on the ropes. Our colleagues in the Senate had a hearing today talking about how they could move toward a bipartisan commission.

And once there's a bipartisan commission, then we can see what we need to do. But I don't want these decisions to be made in a vacuum.

I want it to be made in the face of moving back toward fiscal responsibility because that will influence which choices are actually better, and I certainly don't want to impose a trillion dollar tax increase in middle-class families or any kind of additional burdens our seniors.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, we're going to transfer into a new area here, a question specifically for you because you're in a rather unique position. It's about religion and misinformation.

Governor Romney misspoke twice on the same day confusing your name with that of Osama bin Laden. Your party is fond of talking about a potential swift-boating. Are you fearful of what happened to John McCain, for example, in South Carolina a few years back, confusion on the basis of things like names and religion?

WINNER No, because I have confidence in the American people, and I don't pay much attention to what Mitt Romney has to say -- at least what he says this week; it may be different next week.

But there is no doubt that my background is not typical of a presidential candidate. I think everybody understands that, but that's part of what is so powerful about America is that it gives all of us the opportunity -- a woman, a Latino, myself -- the opportunity to run.

And listen, when I was running for the United States Senate, everybody said, "Nobody's going to vote for a black guy named Barack Obama. They can't even pronounce it." And we ended up winning by 20 points in the primary and 30 points in the general election.

The way to respond to swiftboating is to respond forcefully, rapidly and truthfully. And I have absolute confidence in the American people's capacity to absorb the truth as long as we are forceful in that presentation. And we are seeing it as we travel all across the country. We have received enormous support in states where, frankly, there aren't a lot of African Americans and there aren't a lot of Obamas.

MODERATOR Let's take this opportunity to fit in what will be the second of three breaks tonight. We'll be back with more from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia right after this. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back from the campus of Drexel University here in Philadelphia. Our debate continues.

Now we're going to introduce some rule changes as we go. And for this next question alone in this segment, we're going to enforce a -- or try to -- a 30-second limit on responses. We're going to begin with Senator Dodd and go right down the panel.

Most experts believe we're looking at $100 a barrel oil prices, perhaps very soon. Most experts further believe there are some folks in America who may be paying 50 percent more for things like heating oil this winter, let's say where winters are difficult in two states that come to mind, Iowa and New Hampshire, say nothing of your home state of Connecticut. As a member of the U.S. Senate, are these people doomed to paying more, to suffering through these energy costs this winter, Senator? Aside from blue-ribbon panels, what can be done right now about what afflicts the United States on this issue of energy?

LOSER Well, I would suggest here what Senator Byron Dorgan and I have offered twice in the last couple of years, and that was to say that any increase in price over $40 a barrel either to be reinvested in alternative energies or new exploration here, or provide a direct rebate to consumers across the country to reduce the costs that you've exactly described here, with these increases in the price of a barrel of oil. That would provide some immediate relief. Low- Income Energy Assistance and other programs, which I and others have championed over the years to provide assistance to those who are going to be in desperate conditions, with help as well. But that's the short-term answer to this problem.

The longer-term answer's obviously how to stop what we do every single day, and that is borrow a billion dollars every single day to buy foreign oil offshore here. We ought to be moving more directly, obviously, to energy independence here. I'd invite people to ChrisDodd.com to get a long, detailed explanation of exactly how do that.

MODERATOR We're going to try to enforce this time limit.

Senator Biden.

LOSER A big piece of that cost is risk. People are betting on things getting worse. That old joke -- you know, when you're in a hole, you should stop digging. Why do we continue to cause the price of oil to rise by continuing to rattle a saber with Iran? Why do we continue to cause the price of oil to rise by a foreign policy that is (absolutely moribund ?) of any center? And what we have to do immediately to take care of those people in Iowa and New Hampshire, provide for emergency fuel assistance.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards.

LOSER Well, what we can do in the short term and I will do as president is ensure that my Justice Department investigates what these oil companies who are vertically integrated, you know, from refinery to pump, are doing.

But I think there's something else. And we've talked a lot about being straight with people tonight. I think it's really important -- every four years, the presidential candidates roll through Iowa and New Hampshire, promise this, promise that, promise this. Here's the truth. We need to ask Americans to be patriotic about something other than war. And I want to be the president who says to America We're in this together.

We're going to have to be willing to sacrifice. If we love this country enough, we're going to have to conserve in our homes and our work places and through our behavior to make America what it's capable of being.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I agree with everything that my colleagues have just said. I think it's important that we do have enough money in LIHEAP. It's a battle we fight every year against the Republicans -- that's the program to help consumers pay their bills. We should have a crash program on weatherization, which will help to drive those bills down. We need to do more to investigate, as John says, and we might even have to look at the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which the Bush administration has been filling up beyond any expectation of need, for the short term at least. But we also have to have a serious move toward energy efficiency and conservation, and that is where we need to get people to be more conscious to do it for themselves.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER As Joe pointed out, out of the $90 that it's costing right now for a barrel, about 30 percent of that is just risk; it's not dictated by supply and demand. If we can lower the rhetoric with respect to military action in the Middle East, that will have an immediate impact. All the other suggestions that have been made are sound, but one of the things that we have to do with respect to conservation is increase fuel efficiency standards on cars. And we have to make that commitment not just by going to environmentalist groups and saying we're going to do it, but doing what I did, which is go to Detroit, talking to the automakers. Joe and I have been working on legislation that would provide them the incentives to start making those shifts.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich.

LOSER Everyone knows that the war against Iraq was about oil. This administration is trying to gain control of Iraq's oil with the help of Congress. It's time we had a president who stood for the Constitution and international law, and that's exactly what I'll do. Everyone knows that the saber-rattling against Iran is driving up the price of oil.

We have to stop the war in Iraq, bring our troops home, end the occupation, have an international security and peacekeeping force that moves in as our troops leave. We have to stop planning for war against Iran. We have to insist that we enforce the Constitution of the United States, which this president continues to violate. And again I state that the president and the vice president should be subject to impeachment. Then we can start to get control of our energy policies by rejecting this doctrine of preemption, which is not worthy of this nation.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Governor Richardson.

LOSER You need an energy revolution in this country, an Apollo program that does the following.

One reduces consumption of fossil fuels by 50 percent by 2020. Fuel efficiency I'm going to be specific -- 50 miles per gallon. A renewable portfolio standard -- in other words, all our electricity in America, 30 percent renewable sources. Reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2040, by 30 percent by 2020, a cap-and- trade system, energy efficiency.

Two You've got to ask the American people to sacrifice a little bit.

What does that mean? That means when we use appliances, mass transit, air conditioning, that we all bound together to reduce this dependence on foreign oil that affects our national security. When 65 percent of your oil is imported, when the planet -- when the planet is polluted by fossil fuels and man-made pollution, it is American leadership and it's presidential leadership, and it has to be an energy revolution, not these little energy bills that the Congress keeps passing that are meaningless.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

A question for Senator Dodd, a question to you alone, Senator, about this intersection of environment and sacrifice. So many people have been saddened by the pictures these past few days from Southern California. There are reports that major cities in the state of Georgia are threatened with running out of drinking water in a matter of days. Are you truly prepared to lead on a national scale the kind of sacrifice it would require where it intersects with the environment?

LOSER Well, I think you've got to -- I find it somewhat startling here that Ronald Reagan's former secretary of State and George Bush's first economic -- chief economic adviser are, frankly, more courageous and bold on energy policy than my fellow competitors here for this job, the presidency.

I've called for a corporate carbon tax. All of us share the same goals here of achieving energy independence, reducing our dependency on fossil fuels and the carbons they emit. But you're not going to achieve that unless you deal with price, quite frankly, here. And there's a direct correlation between continuing a policy that produces the CO2 emissions and the health hazards to our country and the climate change problems here.

You've got to deal with price because, frankly, consumers are not going to be in a position where they can afford the more expensive fuels, the alternative fuels and technologies. So the corporate carbon tax, taxing carbon, is a critical element if you're going to achieve this kind of energy change we need in our country.

That directly bears on the kinds of problems we're seeing. There's no doubt in my mind that there's a correlation between what you've just described, Brian, and energy policy here, not to mention the national security and economic security risks as a result of our continuing dependence on fossil fuels, particularly oil out of the Middle East.

So those are things that I advocate that no one else does on this stage here this evening. Al Gore has called it the most bold and honest plans. It's been called the blue ribbon -- or the gold standard, rather, by any of the energy policies that have been suggested by presidential candidates.

This is a major issue. It requires a hardship. A corporate carbon tax is not without a cost to it. I understand that. But the status quo of continuing borrowing a billion dollars every day to buy foreign oil, continuing the risk to our country, I think is unacceptable. That's why I'm advocating it.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, should there be a bottomless well of federal dollars for people who knowingly live in areas of this country that are disaster prone to rebuild their homes if lost in a disaster?

LOSER Well, I think that when families are devastated -- and we've lived with this in North Carolina because we've been regularly hit by hurricanes, and I've spent an awful lot of time in New Orleans. When families are hit by natural disasters, I think it is for the national community to be there for them. I think that's our joint responsibility as a national community to be there for them.

And my view about what's happened, particularly in New Orleans, is it's absolutely heartbreaking to see what's happened there because this is a perfect example of a government that's a mess and the American people who are absolutely extraordinary. I mean, you look at how America has responded to this strategy. They have been volunteering, contributing; I took 700 college kids down to New Orleans who gave up their spring break to go down there and work to help rehabilitate houses. I was so inspired and proud of those young kids.

But the government has been a complete disaster, and contracts have been let to these multinational corporations instead of allowing the people of New Orleans to rebuild their own city. My view is we didn't need a surge in Baghdad, we need a surge in New Orleans. We need to be there for our people who are struggling.

And I do think we can be smart about planning. I think actually in the case of New Orleans there was an extraordinary opportunity to rebuild a city that was more economically integrated, more racially integrated. Those pictures that we saw coming out of the Ninth Ward of New Orleans I think broke a lot of people's hearts, and I think actually was a wake-up call to a lot of Americans who didn't realize that kind of problem existed in New Orleans.

MODERATOR So does smarter mean any limits? Let's just take 20 seconds more here. From Malibu to the Outer Banks down to Florida, should there be unlimited federal dollars?

LOSER Of course, we have to be smart. We have to be environmentally sensitive. There's actually -- on the coast of North Carolina we've done a great deal to do that, to preserve wetlands for example, which are a crucial barrier to help protect our coasts. But yes, smart, but when a -- when a natural disaster comes, our country needs to be there for our people.

MODERATOR To Tim Russert.

MODERATOR I'd like to talk about taxes. Senator Clinton, I'd like to start with you because the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Charlie Rangel, is strong supporter of your campaign. He wants to repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax, but he also wants to have a 4 percent surtax on a single $150,000 income or a $200,000 married couple. You went to Harlem with your husband, with Charlie Rangel, and the former president said, quote, "Charlie Rangel wants me to pay more taxes so you can pay less, and I think that's a good idea." Is that also your view?

LOSER Well, I am a great admirer of Chairman Rangel, and what he's trying to do is deal with a very serious problem. You know, the Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people who are in middle income, upper-middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes.

Now, I don't know all the details of what Charlie is recommending, but I certainly agree with the goal. We've got to do something with the Alternative Minimum Tax. There are a lot of ways of getting there. I want it to be fair and progressive. It starts in the House. It starts in the Ways and Means Committee, which he chairs.

But I think my husband was expressing an opinion that a lot of people who have been very fortunate and blessed over the last six years feel. You know, we've not been asked to sacrifice anything. You know, young men and women wearing the uniform of our country are dying and being maimed. We have the average American family losing $1,000 in income, and George Bush and his cronies can't figure out how they can give even more tax cuts to the wealthiest of Americans.

Now, I never thought Bill and I would be in that category, to be honest with you. So it's kind of a new experience but it's not one that makes us very comfortable, because we should be investing in new energy. We should be investing in college affordability, universal pre-K, the kind of health care plan that I've outlined. That's what we intend to do.

But we're going to have to deal with the AMT, something that the Republicans have refused to do because, very frankly, it hits people who are below their concern. They're concerned about the real top wage-earners. This hits people that are -- you know, the police chief. This hits people that are, you know, two-income families that are doing well.

So we're going to have to do something about it. I think Charlie's being very courageous in moving forward. I don't agree with all the details, but he's on the right track to say we've got to do something about the AMT.

MODERATOR So in principle, you would be in favor of looking at a 4 percent surtax --

LOSER No, I didn't say that, Tim. I said that I'm in favor of doing something about the AMT. How we do it and how we put the package together, everybody knows, is extremely complicated. It's not going to happen while George Bush is president; everybody knows that. I want to get to a fair and progressive tax system. The AMT has to be part of what we try to change when I'm president.

And there are a lot of moving pieces here. You know, there are kinds of issues we're going to deal with as the tax cuts expire. I want to freeze the estate tax at the 2009 level of 7 million (dollars) for a couple. There's a lot of moving parts.

So I'm not going to get committed to a specific approach, but I applaud Chairman Rangel for beginning the conversation.

MODERATOR But you will not campaign on the Rangel plan?

LOSER No. No, I -- that's Charlie Rangel's plan, and as I say, I support and admire his willingness to take this on.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, would campaign on the Rangel plan?

WINNER No, because I don't know all the details of it, and I may not agree with some aspects of it.

But let's broaden the conversation here. We're all traveling all across the country -- Iowa, New Hampshire. Everywhere you go you'll meet a single mother who is raising her kids, working at the same time, trying to go to college, and every one of her costs from health care to college tuition has gone up; home heating oil is going up. She can't even imagine the idea of saving.

Now, in the meantime, we've got a 10,000-page tax code that is rife with corporate loopholes. There's a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 U.S. corporations, which means it's either the largest building in the world or the biggest tax rip- off in the world, and I think we know which one it is. So there has to be a restoration of balance in our tax code to help that single mom, to help a two-parent working family that are struggling to make ends meet.

And so I put forward a very specific plan. I've said we are going to offset some of the payroll taxes that people are experiencing so that families who are making less than $50,000 a year get a larger break.

I want to make sure that seniors who are making less than $50,000, that they get some relief in terms of the taxes on their Social Security.

Those kinds of progressive tax steps, while closing loopholes and rolling back the Bush tax cuts to the top 1 percent, simply restores some fairness and a sense that we're all in this together as opposed to each of us being in it on our own.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, I want to move to the issue of hedge funds.

LOSER Of?

MODERATOR Hedge funds. Managers of hedge funds.

LOSER

MODERATOR There's a listing in the paper the other day of the hundred top managers of hedge funds. (Clearing his throat.) Excuse me. At the top, $1.5 billion. Number 100 makes $50 million. They pay a tax rate of 16 percent rather than ordinary income of 31, 32 percent.

The Democrats took control of Congress in November of '06. The leader of the Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reid, said, "We're not going to change it this year." Your reaction?

LOSER It's one of the reasons why the American people are so distressed with the current condition of the Democratic Party. They won't stand up to Wall Street, with its over a trillion dollars of unregulated capital with hedge funds. They won't end the war, as our party promised to do in the 2006 election. They won't stand up to the insurance companies, the for-profit insurance companies, by joining me in a not-for-profit system.

So people are asking, then, what's the difference between Democrats and Republicans? Tim, my candidacy is a candidacy which will protect the interests of Main Street no privatization of Social Security, make the hedge funds accountable, protect the small investors who are at risk with these public offerings of these hedge funds. My domestic policy subcommittee's been looking at this. I was one of the first ones on Capitol Hill to look at it.

Right now, it's all about a redistribution of the wealth upwards, Tim. You know, the tax system is about redistributing the wealth upwards. The health care system redistributes the wealth upwards. Our energy policies redistribute the wealth upwards. We have to have a president who is independent enough to be able to stand up to these interest groups and push the Democratic Congress to defend the American people by -- by standing for the end of the war in Iraq; by standing for a universal, not-for-profit health care system; by standing for control of these oil companies, which are out of control; and finally, by standing for the Constitution.

I will say it one more time It's time for the Democratic Party to take a position on impeachment and for the House of Representatives to move the bill that I've introduced.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you work for a hedge fund. By every estimate, we could save $25 billion over 10 years, new revenue--

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR -- to be used for a whole variety of programs. Why won't the Democratic Party act on this issue?

LOSER They should. I mean, this is an example of the extraordinary corruption that still exists in the system and the government.

What happened was the Congress started to move to act, the lobbyists for the hedge funds descended and managed to kill it. It's just that simple. This is one, unfortunately, of a whole series of things that indicate that our government doesn't work the way it should and that corruption has crept into it. I wish it was the only thing. It's not the only thing.

I mean, we have young men and women serving this country patriotically and heroically in Iraq, and we got a bunch of paid mercenaries moving around over there working for Blackwater and others who gave hundreds of thousands of dollars to Bush and the Republican Party. We've got politically connected people at home making millions of dollars while our men and women serve and put their lives on the line in Iraq.

We decided to try to keep the country safer by inspecting containers that come into this country, and who lobbied against it? The biggest company in America -- Wal-Mart. We've had trade deals that have cost us millions of jobs, and what did America get in return? We got millions of dangerous Chinese toys. These things are all evidence of a system that doesn't work.

Now we can turn our backs on it and pretend it's not true and, as I said earlier, leave this mess to our children and our grandchildren.

Or we can do what the founding fathers said we should do, and what has happened over and over in American history when this happened.

There is nothing the American people can't do. There's nothing wrong with the American people. They are strong, heroic, passionate, but their voice needs to be heard. The government belongs to them. It doesn't belong to this crowd of powerful, monied interest in Washington, D.C. And we have to be willing to say the truth about it and to change this system, so that our children actually can have a better life than we've had.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

We're going to introduce the concept of a lightning round here. Take one question; go down the line. 30 seconds each -- a time we're going to enforce.

And Governor Richardson, we're going to start with you. This is about something called Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study. It's called TIMSS. A number of overseas nations took part in it. It found that overseas students spend an average of 193 days annually in school. The deficit compared to the U.S., where it's 180 days -- over 12 years, that adds up to one-year gap between education in the U.S. and overseas.

Do you believe we in this country need to extend the school day and/or extend the school year? And will you commit to it?

LOSER Yes, I'd commit to it.

And I'm glad finally education is coming up in a major debate. This is what I would do. We are 29th in the world in science and math compared to the EU, to countries in China and India. They graduate four or five times more engineers. There is a competitiveness gap here.

This is what I would do. One, I'd have 100,000 new science and math teachers. But we have to pay our teachers what they deserve, a minimum wage, what I believe, of $40,000 per year. I'd get rid of No Child Left Behind. I would have science and math academies.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER But in the high school curriculum, it's critically important --

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER -- that we have more civics, more language, and art in the schools --

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER -- to provoke creativity in science and math proficiency.

MODERATOR Thirty-second limit on these.

Congressman?

LOSER There's a statue above the House of Representatives of a woman whose arm is outstretched, and she is protecting a child sitting next to a pile of books. The title of this statue is Peace Protecting Genius. We need to have a country that stands for peace, that gets us out of the wars. We see the connection between global warring and global warming; we cut the Pentagon budget (15/50 ?) percent; $75 billion will go into a universal pre- kindergarten program so our children ages 3, 4 and 5 will have access to full-time day care, and more money would go into elementary and secondary education.

In addition to that, our college-age students need to know that with a Kucinich administration, they're guaranteed a two- or four-year college, tuition-free, that will be paid for by the government investing in our young people. That's the kind of approach I'll take to education.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Senator.

WINNER I do think that we have to have more instruction in the classroom. We're going to have to pay for that, and the federal government has to help strapped local districts in order to make that happen.

We also have to -- if we want to develop math and science curriculums, we've got to make math and science jobs attractive, which means increasing research grants. And this is something that is important not just for our competitiveness but also for our long-term national security. And when George Bush requests $196 billion for next year's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and is seeing a flat-lining of investment in science research, that makes it more difficult for us to encourage our children to go into sciences.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, thank you.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, very quickly, I would start at the very beginning. We need to do more to help our families prepare their children. A family is a child's first school. The parents are a child's first teacher. This is something that I've worked on for many years.

We need to really support it through nurse visitation or social worker, child care. We need to do more with the pre-Kindergarten program that I have proposed.

In addition, though, this has to fit into an overall innovation agenda which I have also set forth because we can't just say go to school longer. We need to do what happened when I was in school and Sputnik went up and our teacher said, your president wants you study math and science. That's what I want kids today to feel, that it's part of making sure we maintain our quality of life and our standard of living.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards.

LOSER I think it's -- I think we still have two public school system in many way in -- ways in America. We have one for affluent communities and one for everybody else.

I think the things that we need to do specifically We should have universal pre-K for all four-year-olds. We ought to deal with nutritional and health care needs for younger children, younger than four years of age, starting at about age two. We should have a national teaching university so that we attract our most talented young people, send them out across America to teach in the toughest places to teach. We should give incentive pay to teachers who are willing to teach in the most difficult places. We should have second- chance schools for kids who are dropping out and college for any kid who's willing to work when they're in college.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Biden.

LOSER Yes, I proposed it in 1987. We should go to school longer. We either have to assume that our kids are natively brighter than every other child in the world or that somehow we have to go to school longer.

Secondly, we should have a minimum of 16 years of education.

Thirdly, we should be focusing on the socially economic disadvantaged, mostly minorities in inner cities. That's something we've ignored. We've paid no attention to it. We pretend they're the same circumstances every other kid in America. They start off with a half; half of the education gap exists before they set foot in the first classroom. That should be the focus.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, Brian, this is a -- I've often said the single most important issue, and I've been asked the question over the years, what's the single most important issue? I always say education because it is the answer to every other problem we confront as a people here. We've got to begin -- I'm proud to have been named as Senator of the Decade by the Head Start association. All the ideas that are being advocated -- early childhood education -- are critical.

The federal government needs to be a better partner in all of this, not take away control locally. But -- well, a child's quality of education shouldn't depend on the accident of birth, and that's what happens too often in our country. The children in Philadelphia or in Connecticut or whoever else are going to be competing with children in Johannesburg, in Sydney, in Moscow and Beijing. We need to make the kind of investments jointly with our local communities. Higher education community colleges need to be more tuition free. I have an idea on how to do that, so that we provide that continuum from the earliest ages through higher education to meet the challenges of the 21st century.

MODERATOR Keep you -- I have to keep you to time, Senator. Thank you.

We're going to continue this notion of a lightning round.

After a quick break, we're going to start our next segment with a question handed to me by a student here at Drexel today. So again, our last break now, and a short one -- we will continue from Philadelphia right after this.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back in Drexel University in Philadelphia.

Something we'd like to institute as the lightning round. We've put a clock and a noise, perhaps not loud or severe enough, on the screen. (Laughter.) As we tried this out in the previous segment, we're going to get try to get tougher and heavier concerning our enforcement.

I promised to begin with a question handed me by a Drexel student today. It dovetails -- and Senator Dodd, we'll start with you -- it dovetails with what physicians have asked me to ask in this room, to this group here tonight.

With so many young people choosing not to go into medicine, so many veteran physicians choosing to get out or losing heart because their ability to earn an income is going down, how do you expect this nation to attract, to continue to attract quality people to medicine, Senator?

LOSER Well, a couple of things, very quickly -- again, 30 seconds here. But first, obviously, providing some benefits to people who choose to get into that educational field and profession, so we can attract them to work in areas that they're needed in. That certainly needs to be done.

I believe there's an answer to the medical malpractice issue, not the ones the Republicans have been proposing, but that's one of the issues that people are concerned about and, as part of a larger health care plan, ought to be a part of that, as we consider universality and other elements here, to make sure that this profession becomes one where the cost of insurance, the cost of other items here are not going to be so excessive that you'd be discouraged from going in that direction.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Biden.

LOSER You got to help them pay off their -- they start off in the hole. They graduate and they have these gigantic bills, 40,000 bucks a year. They graduate hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt. You got to give them the ability to write that off if they engage in public service, move into areas where they need doctors, number one.

Now, number two, you got to get the insurance company out of looking over their soldiers in everything. They know the decisions to make. They know what they should be doing, and they should be rewarded for their decisions.

The light's on, and I want you to know I stay inside my time.

MODERATOR Very good. It's our new "tough guy" policy. (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Edwards.

LOSER What we need is a universal health care system that gets doctors out of the business of having to deal with insurance companies on a daily basis, to protect them from that.

But I want to talk about another piece of this, which is we have a nursing crisis in America, a serious nursing crisis. So what we need to do is expand our nursing schools, give scholarships to young people who are willing, when they go to nursing school, to commit to come out and go to the places that are underserved. We need to get rid of things like mandatory overtime. We need to have safer staff- to-patient ratios so that we can deal with this crisis for the men and women who actually provide a huge amount of the health care in this country.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, again, I agree with everything that has been said. In my proposal for the American Health Choices plan, we basically give the insurance companies an ultimatum. They have to get into the business of actually providing insurance instead of trying to avoid covering people. They cannot deny people coverage; they cannot exist -- have a pre-existing condition which is not covered. That is one of the biggest problems that doctors face. They face this constant barrage of harassment and bureaucratization from the private insurance world.

We also need to clean up Medicare and Medicaid. They're not as friendly as they need to be either.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Obama.

WINNER We need to deal with the insurance companies. On Medicare and Medicaid, the reimbursement system is not working the way it should. And by the way, instituting a universal health care system that emphasizes prevention will free up dollars that potentially then can go to reimbursing doctors a little bit more, but we've got to deal with the cost of medical education. We have to deal with college costs generally. And that's why I've put forward proposals to get banks and middlemen out of the process and expand national service to encourage young people to go into these helping professions where we need a lot more (work ?).

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Congressman?

LOSER I'm the co-author of the bill H.R. 676, that establishes Medicare for all.

As long as you have the private insurance companies involved in providing health services, people aren't going to get care. Doctors know that the insurance companies want to substitute their judgment for their practice. Everyone knows that the insurance companies make money not providing health care.

I'm standing for Medicare for all. There is no one else on this stage who is ready to take on the insurance companies directly by saying, you know, we should join every other industrialized nation in the world by caring for our people, by having a not-for-profit health care system. Just because you say it's universal doesn't mean it's not for profit. Even the insurance companies want a universal health care system.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. Thank you, Congressman.

Governor Richardson.

LOSER Well, I have a specific proposal. Here it is. In exchange for two years of tuition paid by the government or loans, you give one year of national service to the country. This will attract more doctors and will enable students to afford a college education, when it's taken them 7 years to pay for this.

Get rid of the student loan and bank agencies that are ripping off the system. Reestablish, on a general basis, doctor-patient relationship. Deal with Medicare reimbursement. Deal with ways that we also not forget health professionals, and that's nurses. That's others that, in our health care system, are not given the same opportunity.

MODERATOR Governor -- Governor, thank you.

Senator Obama, a question to you. More than one columnist covering the field of transportation has compared our current commercial aviation business to Aeroflot in the old Soviet Union. One writer said, hold on, that's insulting to Aeroflot. They have raised their service.

The question to you is How did this country get into a state where point to point air travel is no longer truly dependable? But more important, what would you be truly willing to do as president to fix it?

WINNER Well, this is a problem that's been building for a long time. The airlines got into trouble after deregulation, and it has continued and compounded. And they have now tried to make more money, and they're seeing better solvency, but they've done it on the backs of consumers. And anybody who's flying commercial knows that service has gone down and deteriorated further and further and further.

So as president of the United States, we have to look at making sure that there's enough airport capacity. We've got to place, potentially, some restrictions on some flights and encourage airlines to deal with the problems of remote areas that are having difficulty, in terms of making connections.

But this is going to require the kind of leadership that we have not seen from this president not just on transportation in the airlines industry, but in transportation generally. We haven't seen that kind of commitment on --

MODERATOR Time.

WINNER -- Amtrak -- I'm sorry; I didn't realize this was the lightning round.

MODERATOR Yeah. Yeah, sorry, the rules --

WINNER But generally speaking, this president has failed on this issue. We've got to keep -- we have to make much bigger progress than we've done.

MODERATOR We should probably repeat the lighting round continues with my colleague, Tim Russert. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Brian.

Senator Clinton, Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer has proposed giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. You told the Nashua, New Hampshire editorial board it makes a lot of sense. Why does it make a lot of sense to give an illegal immigrant a driver's license?

LOSER Well, what Governor Spitzer is trying to do is fill the vacuum left by the failure of this administration to bring about comprehensive immigration reform. We know in New York we have several million at any one time who are in New York illegally. They are undocumented workers. They are driving on our roads. The possibility of them having an accident that harms themselves or others is just a matter of the odds. It's probability. So what Governor Spitzer is trying to do is to fill the vacuum.

I believe we need to get back to comprehensive immigration reform because no state, no matter how well-intentioned, can fill this gap.

There needs to be federal action on immigration reform.

MODERATOR Does anyone here believe an illegal immigrant should not have a driver's license?

LOSER Believe what?

MODERATOR An illegal immigrant should not have a driver's license.

LOSER This is a privilege. And look, I'm as forthright and progressive on immigration policy as anyone here, but we're dealing with a serious problem here, we need to have people come forward. The idea that we're going to extend this privilege here of a driver's license, I think, is troublesome. And I think the American people are reacting to it.

We need to deal with security on our borders, we need to deal with the attraction that draws people here, we need to deal fairly with those who are here; but this is a privilege. Talk about health care, I have a different opinion. That affects the public health of all of us. But a license is a privilege, and that ought not to be extended, in my view.

MODERATOR Who else? Senator --

LOSER I just want to add, I did not say that it should be done, but I certainly recognize why Governor Spitzer is trying to do it. And we have failed --

LOSER Wait a minute. No, no, no. You said yes, you thought it made sense to do it.

LOSER No, I didn't, Chris. But the point is, what are we going to do with all these illegal immigrants who are (driving ?) -- (inaudible)?

LOSER Well, that's a legitimate issue. But driver's license goes too far, in my view.

LOSER Well, you may say that, but what is the identification if somebody runs into you today who is an undocumented worker --

LOSER There's ways of dealing with that.

LOSER Well, but --

LOSER This is a privilege, not a right.

LOSER Well, what Governor Spitzer has agreed to do is to have three different licenses; one that provides identification for actually going onto airplanes and other kinds of security issues, another which is an ordinary driver's license, and then a special card that identifies the people who would be on the road.

LOSER That's a bureaucratic nightmare.

LOSER So it's not the full privilege.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I just want to make sure what I heard. Do you, the New York Senator Hillary Clinton, support the New York governor's plan to give illegal immigrants a driver's license? You told the Nashua, New Hampshire, paper it made a lot of sense.

LOSER It --

MODERATOR Do you support his plan?

LOSER You know, Tim, this is where everybody plays gotcha. It makes a lot of sense. What is the governor supposed to do? He is dealing with a serious problem. We have failed, and George Bush has failed.

Do I think this is the best thing for any governor to do? No. But do I understand the sense of real desperation, trying to get a handle on this? Remember, in New York we want to know who's in New York. We want people to come out of the shadows. He's making an honest effort to do it. We should have passed immigration reform.

MODERATOR New subject.

Senator Edwards, you have young children. As you know, the Internet can be a bit of a cultural Wild West. Assuming a lot of homes don't have parental support, would you be in favor of any government guidelines on Internet content?

LOSER For children and try to protect children and using technology to protect children? I would.

I want to add something that Chris Dodd just said a minute ago, because I don't want it to go unnoticed. Unless I missed something, Senator Clinton said two different things in the course of about two minutes just a few minutes ago, and I think this is a real issue for the country.

I mean, America is looking for a president who will say the same thing, who will be consistent, who will be straight with them. Because what we've had for seven years is double-talk from Bush and from Cheney, and I think America deserves us to be straight.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, why are you nodding your head?

WINNER Well, I was confused on Senator Clinton's answer. I can't tell whether she was for it or against it, and I do think that is important. You know, one of the things that we have to do in this country is to be honest about the challenges that we face.

Immigration is a difficult issue. But part of leadership is not just looking backwards and seeing what's popular, or trying to gauge popular sentiment. It's about setting a direction for the country, and that's what I intend to do as president.

MODERATOR Are you for it or against it?

WINNER I think that it is a -- the right idea. And I disagree with Chris, because there is a public safety concern. We can make sure that drivers who are illegal come out of the shadows, that they can be tracked, that they are properly trained, and that will make our roads safer. That doesn't negate the need for us to reform illegal immigration.

LOSER Governor Spitzer's idea --

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, I want to move to a different area, because this is a serious question.

The godmother of your daughter, Shirley MacLaine, writes in her new book that you've cited a UFO over her home in Washington state -- (laughter) -- that you found the encounter extremely moving, that it was a triangular craft silent and hovering, that you felt a connection to your heart and heard direction in your mind.

Now, did you see a UFO? (Laughter.)

LOSER I did. And the rest of the account -- (interrupted by laughter) -- I didn't -- I -- it was unidentified flying object, okay. It's like -- it's unidentified. I saw something.

Now, to answer your question, I'm moving my -- and I'm also going to move my campaign office to Roswell, New Mexico and another one, an extra, to New Hampshire, okay. (Laughter.) And also, you have to keep in mind that more -- that Jimmy Carter saw a UFO, and also that more people in this country have seen UFOs than, I think, approve of George Bush's presidency. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Actually --

LOSER And so -- (laughter) -- wait. We're just getting started here.

MODERATOR No, no. Let me -- 14 percent of Americans say they have seen UFOs.

I'm going to move --

LOSER What was the percentage?

MODERATOR Fourteen percent.

LOSER What was that percentage?

MODERATOR Fourteen.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR I want to see -- (laughter) -- I'm going to ask Senator Obama a question in the same line.

The three astronauts of Apollo 11 who went to the moon back in 1969 all said that they believe there is life beyond Earth. Do you agree?

WINNER You know, I don't know, and I don't presume to know. What I know is there is life here on Earth -- (laughter) -- and -- and that we're not attending to life here on Earth. We're not taking care of kids who are alive and, unfortunately, are not getting health care. We're not taking care of senior citizens who are alive and are seeing their heating prices go up. So as president, those are the people I will be attending to first. (Laughter.) There may be some other folks on their way. (Applause, laughs.)

MODERATOR Let's talk about life on Earth. Senator Clinton, Lance Armstrong called here today with a question. He made the point, as he often has, 3,000 people, roughly, killed on 9/11, roughly a trillion dollars spent in the years since; about that many people die of cancer every two days. He wanted us to ask any of you, are you willing to be the president or are you willing to pledge to be the president who knocks cancer down from its status as number one killer of Americans under the age of 85?

LOSER I'm going to do everything I can to do that. I went to Lance Armstrong's cancer symposium in Iowa and it was a very moving experience -- not only people like us speaking but a lot of cancer survivors, a lot of researchers.

It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health has been basically decreased in funding. We are on the brink of so many medical breakthroughs, and I will once again fund that research, get those applications processed, get those young researchers in those labs to know that we're going to tackle cancer and try to do everything we can to drive its death rate down.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Tim Russert.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you went on the Bill Marr show last month and said that you were for decriminalizing marijuana. Is there anyone here who disagrees with Senator Dodd in decriminalization marijuana? Senator Biden?

BIDEN (?) (Inaudible.)

MODERATOR Senator Edwards? Why?

LOSER Because I think it sends the wrong signal to young people. And I think the president of the United States has a responsibility to ensure that we're sending the right signals to young people.

LOSER Can I respond, I mean just why I think it ought to be? We're locking up too many people in our system here today. We've got mandatory minimum sentences that are filling our jails with people who don't belong there. My idea is to decriminalize this, reduce that problem here. We've gone from 800,000 to 2 million people in our penal institutions in this country.

We've go to get a lot smarter about this issue than we are, and as president, I'd try and achieve that.

MODERATOR Senator, Senator Biden, I introduce a new subject here. Christmas shopping season, holiday hoping, almost upon us, as there is a chill in the air. Would you advise Americans against buying imported toys from China, in light of the recent health and safety problems?

LOSER If I were president, I'd shut down, flat shut down any imports from China, period, in terms of toys -- flat shut it down, number one. (Applause.)

Number two, imagine if this -- Morocco was selling these -- these toys. We would have shut it down a year ago.

They have mortgage on our house because Bush mortgaged us to a trillion dollars to them. He is responsible for this. This is outrageous.

And by the way, where is Rudy when we need him here? (Laughter.) He could have helped you on this. You know what I mean? On the UFOs. I don't -- (laughter) -- I don't know.

MODERATOR This is what happens late at night in a hot room. (Laughter.)

Senator Obama, we started with you. Let's take a stab at this one. Tomorrow, of course, is Halloween. (Laughter.) You will go as what? (Laughter.)

WINNER Well, we haven't decided on the costume yet. I know my 9-year-old is going as a math professor, and my 6-year-old's going as a witch. I will be accompanying them. I am thinking about wearing a Mitt Romney mask, which I think -- (laughter) -- will really -- but it has two sides to it.

It goes in both directions at once. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Let's perhaps try to end on that note. (Laughter.) Along with this If you didn't hear your question asked or answered here tonight, we are guessing there will be ample opportunity. We, among others, will be back at this pursuit with now 65 days to go until the Iowa caucuses.

I want to thank my partner first and foremost, Tim Russert, in the questioning here tonight.

We, of course, want to thank our hosts at Drexel University, the great city of Philadelphia, and the candidates in the race for the Democratic nomination for being with us here tonight.

On behalf of all of us at NBC News, especially our road crew here who makes these all possible, good night from Philadelphia. Thank you for being with us. (Applause.)


MODERATOR Good evening, and welcome. We have some big issues to talk about tonight, so let's start right now.

Senator Obama, I'd like to start with you. General Petraeus in his testimony before Congress, later echoed by President Bush, gave every indication that in January of 2009 when the next president takes office, there will be 100,000 troops in Iraq. You're the president. What do you do? You said you would end the war. How do you do it in January of 2009?

WINNER Well, first of all, Tim, let me say thank you to Dartmouth for hosting this event.

And let me also say that had my judgment prevailed back in 2002, we wouldn't be in this predicament. I was opposed to this war from the start, have been opposed to this war consistently. But I have also said that there are no good options now; there are bad options and worse options.

I hope and will work diligently in the Senate to bring an end to this war before I take office. And I think that it is very important at this stage, understanding how badly the president's strategy has failed, that we not vote for funding without some timetable for this war.

If there are still large troop presences in when I take office, then the first thing I will do is call together the Joint Chiefs of Staff and initiate a phased redeployment. We've got to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in. But military personnel indicate we can get one brigade to two brigades out per month. I would immediately begin that process. We would get combat troops out of Iraq. The only troops that would remain would be those that have to protect U.S. bases and U.S. civilians, as well as to engage in counterterrorism activities in Iraq.

The important principle, though, is there are not going to be any military solutions to the problem in Iraq. There has to be a political accommodation, and the best way for us to support the troops and to stabilize the situation in Iraq is to begin that phased redeployment.

MODERATOR Will you pledge that by January 2013, the end of your first term more than five years from now, there will be no U.S. troops in Iraq?

WINNER I think it's hard to project four years from now, and I think it would be irresponsible. We don't know what contingency will be out there.

What I can promise is that if there are still troops in Iraq when I take office, which it appears there may be unless we can get some of our Republican colleagues to change their mind and cut off funding without a timetable, if there's no timetable, then I will drastically reduce our presence there to the mission of protecting our embassy, protecting our civilians and making sure that we're carrying out counterterrorism activities there.

I believe that we should have all our troops out by 2013, but I don't want to make promises not knowing what the situation's going to be three or four years out.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, Democrats all across the country believed in 2006, when the Democrats were elected to the majority in the House and Senate, that that was a signal to end the war, and the war would end.

You have said that will not pledge to have all troops out by the end of your first term, 2013. Why not?

LOSER Well, Tim, it is my goal to have all troops out by the end of my first term. But I agree with Barack. It is very difficult to know what we're going to be inheriting. You know, we do not know, walking into the White House in January 2009, what we're going to find. What is the state of planning for withdrawal?

That's why last spring I began pressing the Pentagon to be very clear about whether or not they were planning to bring our troops out. And what I found was that they weren't doing the kind of planning that is necessary, and we've been pushing them very hard to do so.

You know, with respect to the question, though, about the Democrats taking control of the Congress, I think the Democrats have pushed extremely hard to change this president's course in Iraq. Today I joined with many of my colleagues in voting for Senator Biden's plan, slightly different than he'd been presenting it, but still the basic structure was to move toward what is a de facto partition if the Iraqi people and government so choose.

The Democrats keep voting for what we believe would be a better course. Unfortunately as you know so well, the Democrats don't have the majority in the Senate to be able to get past that 60-vote blockade that the Republicans can still put up. But I think every one of us who is still in the Senate -- Senator Biden, Senator Dodd, Senator Obama and myself -- we are trying every single day. And of course, Congressman Kucinich is in the House.

But I think it is fair to say that the president has made it clear. He intends to have about 100,000 or so troops when he leaves office -- the height of irresponsibility, that he would leave this war to his successor. I will immediately move to begin bringing our troops home when I am inaugurated.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, will you commit that at the end of your first term, in 2013, all U.S. troops will be out of Iraq?

LOSER I cannot make that commitment. I -- well, I can tell you what I would do as president. If I -- when I'm sworn into office come January of 2009, if there are in fact, as General Petraeus suggests, 100,000 American troops on the ground in Iraq, I will immediately draw down 40 (thousand) to 50,000 troops and, over the course of the next several months, continue to bring our combat troops out of Iraq until all of our combat troops are in fact out of Iraq.

I think the problem is, and it's what you've just heard discussed, is, we will maintain an embassy in Baghdad. That embassy has to be protected. We will probably have humanitarian workers in Iraq. Those humanitarian workers have to be protected. I think somewhere in the neighborhood of a brigade of troops will be necessary to accomplish that -- 3,500 to 5,000 troops.

But I do say -- I want to add to things I just heard. I think that it's true that everyone up here wants to take a responsible course to end the war in Iraq. There are, however, differences between us, and those differences need to be made aware. Good people have differences about this issue. For example, I heard Senator Clinton say on Sunday that she wants to continue combat missions in Iraq. To me, that's a continuation of the war. I do not think we should continue combat missions in Iraq, and when I'm on a stage with the Republican nominee come the fall of 2008, I'm going to make it clear that I'm for ending the war. And the debate will be between a Democrat who wants to bring the war to an end, get all American combat troops out of Iraq, and a Republican who wants to continue the war.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson.

LOSER Tim, could I just clarify that? You know, I said there may be a continuing counterterrorism mission, which, if it still exists, will be aimed at al Qaeda in Iraq. It may require combat, Special Operations Forces or some other form of that, but the vast majority of our combat troops should be out.

LOSER But can I just say, my only point is I don't have any doubt that Senator Clinton wants to take a responsible course. There is a difference, however, in how we would go about this, and I think Democratic primary voters are entitled to know that difference. And the difference is really very simple. I would have our combat troops out of Iraq over a period of several months, and I would not continue combat missions in Iraq. Combat missions mean that the war is continuing. I believe this war needs to be brought to an end.

MODERATOR Would you send combat troops back in if there was genocide?

LOSER I believe that America along with the rest of the world would have a responsibility to respond to genocide. It's not something we should do alone. In fact, if we do it alone, it could be counterproductive.

In fact, if I can go one step further beyond what you just asked, I think the president of the United States -- and I as president -- would have a responsibility, as we begin to bring our combat troops out of Iraq, to prepare for two possibilities. One is the possibility that -- the worst possibility, which is that genocide breaks out, Shi'a try to systematically eliminate the Sunni. I think we need to be preparing for that with the international community now, not wait. And second, the possibility that this war starts to spill outside the borders of Iraq. And that's a very difficult thing to contain, because we know historically that it's difficult to contain a civil war.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you have said that you will bring home all troops within a year. You've heard your three other opponents say they can't do it in four years. How can you do it in one year?

LOSER Well, I have a fundamental difference with Senator Obama, Senator Edwards and Senator Clinton. Here's my position. Their position basically is changing the mission.

My position in bringing all troops out of Iraq is to end the war. The American people want us to end this war. Our kids are dying -- the bloodiest last three months -- and my position is this, that you cannot start the reconciliation of Iraq, a political settlement, an all-Muslim peacekeeping force to deal with security and boundaries and possibly this issue of a separation, which is a plan that I do believe makes sense, until we get all our troops out, because they have become targets.

And I also disagree with Senator Clinton. I don't believe the Congress has done enough to end this war.

(Cross talk.)

MODERATOR Governor, how are you going to do this in one year?

LOSER We have been able to move our troops within three months -- 240,000 -- in and out of Iraq through Kuwait. This is what I would do. I would bring them out through roads through Kuwait and through Turkey. It would take persuading Turkey. The issue is light equipment. I would leave some of the light equipment behind.

But I believe what is fundamental here is that leaving any troop behind will prevent us from moving forward to secure some kind of stability in the region. I would invite Iran, I would invite Syria, and I would make sure that the entire issue is also tied to stability in the Israeli-Palestinian issue.

You cannot deal with the Iraq issue alone. You have to deal with it with the entire region.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you've heard this discussion. Where do you come down?

LOSER Well, Tim, I -- the question is not just how you bring the troops out, but why are we there? As president of the United States, your first responsibility is to guarantee the safety and security of the American people. And so the question you must ask yourself as president Is the continuation of our military presence enhancing that goal?

I happen to believe very strongly that this policy of ours, militarily (sic) involvement in Iraq, is counterproductive. We're less safe, less secure, more vulnerable and more isolated today as a result of the policy. So I believe that we ought to begin that process of redeployment here.

I would simultaneously engage in the kind of robust diplomacy that's been totally missing from this administration, to enhance our own interests in the region as well as to provide some additional security for Iraq. You can do this, Tim. Practically, it can be done, by military planners -- can tell you -- you can move a brigade to a brigade to a brigade and half, maybe even two a month out of Iraq. So the time frame we're talking about is critical.

But Congress has an obligation here. It's not enough that we just draft timetables. The Constitution gives the Congress of the United States a unique power, and that is the power of the purse. As long as we continue drafting these lengthy resolutions and amendments here, talking about timelines and dates, we're not getting to the fundamental power that exists in the Congress.

And that is to terminate the funding of this effort here, give us a new direction. As everyone who's looked at this issue over the last two or three years have concluded, there is no military solution here, and we need to do far more to protect our interests not only in that region, but throughout the world. We're not doing it with this policy.

MODERATOR I want to put you on the record. Will you pledge as commander in chief that you have all troops out of Iraq by January of 2013?

LOSER I will get that done.

MODERATOR You'll get it done.

LOSER Yes, I will, sir.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, would you get it done?

LOSER Tim, we're begging the question here. Everyone says there's no political -- there's no military solution, only a political solution. We offered a political solution today, and it got 75 votes. And it said -- it rejected fundamentally the president's position that there's a possibility of establishing a strong central government in Iraq and said we're going to have a federal system, bring in the rest of the world to support establishing a federal system. That will end the civil war. That will allow us to bring our troops home. That is the thing that will allow us to come home without leaving chaos behind.

Now, here's the deal. The deal is that to say that you are going to bring all troops home from the region -- I assume that's what you mean --

LOSER From Iraq.

LOSER Just from Iraq. You're going to bring all troops home from Iraq. If in fact there is no political solution by the time I am president, then I would bring them out because all they are is fodder.

But -- but -- if you go along with the Biden plan that got 75 votes today and you have a stable Iraq like we have in Bosnia -- we've had 20,000 Western troops in Bosnia for 10 years. Not one has been killed -- not one. The genocide has ended. So it would depend on the circumstances when I became president.

MODERATOR You would not make a commitment to have them all out by --

LOSER I would make a commitment to have them all out if there is not a political reconciliation, because they're just fodder.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, please.

LOSER As the only one on this stage who actually voted against the war and voted 100 percent of the time against funding the war, I have a rather unique perspective. I've introduced legislation, H.R. 1234, which is the plan to end the Iraq War. To me, it is fairly astonishing to have Democrats, who took back the power of the House and the Senate in 2006, to stand on this stage and tell the American people that this war will continue to 2013 and perhaps past that.

I want everyone to know. I want the American people to know that I've been on this from the beginning, and I know that we can get out of there three months after I take office, or after the new president takes office, if one is determined to do that. And I want to make it clear that the plan includes enemy occupation, closing the bases, bringing the troops home, setting in motion a program of reconciliation, not partition, between the Iraqs -- between the Sunnis, the Shi'ites and the Kurds, having an honest reconstruction program, having a program of reparations, and giving the people of Iraq full control over their oil, which currently most of the people on this stage have said should be privatized in one way, shape or form.

And so I believe that if we're really going to have peace, no partition, let them -- let them unite. We remember what Lincoln said years ago. It's true for Iraq, as well. A house divided against itself cannot stand. If we divide Iraq, essentially we're going to be setting the stage for more war. And I stand for strength through peace -- a whole new approach.

MODERATOR But you'll pledge -- excuse me, excuse me. You'll pledge to have all troops out by January of 2013.

LOSER By -- by April of 2007, and you can mark that on your calendars if you want, to take a new direction.

MODERATOR Well, it's September of '07 now, so we're going to have a problem. (Laughter.)

LOSER Well, make that -- make that 2009. I'm ready to be president today. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR All right. We'll give you -- I want to give Senator Gravel a chance.

Senator Gravel, I've listened to you very carefully in this campaign. You were in the Senate.

LOSER You're one of the few that has.

MODERATOR You were in the Senate, and you take credit for stopping the draft. If you were a senator right now, what advice would you give your colleagues still in Congress about how they can stop the war even though they don't have enough votes to stop a debate or to override a veto?

What should they do?

LOSER Well, the first thing, you stop the debate by voting every single day on cloture, every day, 20 days, and you'll overcome cloture. The president vetoes a law; it comes back to the Congress, and in the House at noon, every single day, you vote to override the president's veto. And in 40 days, the American people will have weighed in, put the pressure on those -- you tell me that the votes aren't there, you go get them by the scruff of the neck. That's what you do. You make them vote.

MODERATOR Senator, are you suggesting that these candidates suspend their campaigns, go back to Washington and for 40 consecutive days vote on the war?

LOSER If it stops the killing, my God, yes, do it! And, Tim, you're really missing something. This is Fantasyland. We're talking about ending the war; my God, we're just starting a war right today. There was a vote in the Senate today -- Joe Lieberman, who authored the Iraq resolution, has offered another resolution, and it essentially a fig leaf to let George Bush go to war with Iran. And I want to congratulate Biden for voting against it, Dodd for voting against, and I'm ashamed of you, Hillary, for voting for it. You're not going to get another shot at this, because what's happened if this war ensues -- we invade and they're looking for an excuse to do it.

And Obama was not even there to vote.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I'll give you a chance to respond.

LOSER (Laughs, laughter, applause.) Well, I don't know where to start, but let me --

MODERATOR Please take 30 seconds.

LOSER Yes. Let me respond. My understanding of the revolutionary guard in Iran is that it is promoting terrorism. It is manufacturing weapons that are used against our troops in Iraq. It is certainly the main agent of support for Hezbollah, Hamas and others, and in what we voted for today, we will have an opportunity to designate it as a terrorist organization, which gives us the options to be able to impose sanctions on the primary leaders to try to begin to put some teeth into all this talk about dealing with Iran. We wouldn't be where we are today if the Bush administration hadn't outsourced our diplomacy with respect to Iran and ignored Iran and called it part of the "axis of evil." Now we've got to make up for lost time on the ground.

MODERATOR I just want to pick up on Senator Gravel's point.

Senator Dodd, is it practical for you as a senator and others who now serve in Congress to go back to Washington and for 40 consecutive days try to cut off the funding for the war, defend your campaigns if necessary, and bring the issue to crystallize it in a way that the American people will understand exactly what's going on?

LOSER Well, I think we're going to have that opportunity over and over again in the coming days. There's going to be a request, I think, for something in the neighborhood of $200 billion that the administration's going to seek to continue to prosecute the war. So we'll have our chances to do it.

I think it's a little unrealistic to assume every single day you do that, Mike, but certainly you can do this when the opportunity arises.

And that, Tim, is the point I was trying to make to you at a moment ago here. We need to be understanding what powers exist in the institution of the Congress, those of us who serve there, and use that opportunity to do what the Constitution's given us. And that is to stop the funding. That's what we need to be doing.

Now look, I realize you may not get 60 votes or even 51 votes for this. But I think clarity and leadership are called for at this hour here. If you're going to seek the presidency of the United States and you're in a position today to do something about this, then it's -- in my view, it's the opportunity to stand up and lead on this issue, to bring this war, which is doing great damage to our country, to a halt. It's hurting our nation terribly, and it needs to be brought to a halt. The power of the purse allows you to do that.

MODERATOR I want -- I -- we have so much to cover. I want to talk about Iran. And this is --

LOSER Tim, can I make a clarification, please?

MODERATOR We have --

LOSER What we voted on was not partition. I don't want anybody thinking it was partition. And it's the only time we got 26 Republicans to reject the president's --

(Cross talk.)

MODERATOR All right. Fine. Fine. Fine.

LOSER You're splitting Iraq up. That's what it does.

LOSER No, it's not.

MODERATOR All right. Okay. All right. We've had that discussion.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, in 1981 the Israelis took out a nuclear reactor in Iraq. On September 6th, to the best of our information, Israel attacked Syria because there was suspicion that perhaps North Korea had put some nuclear materials in Syria.

If Israel concluded that Iran's nuclear capability threatened Israel's security, would Israel be justified in launching an attack on Iran?

LOSER Tim, I think that's one of those hypotheticals that --

MODERATOR It is not a hypothetical, Senator. It's real life.

LOSER -- that is better not addressed at this time.

MODERATOR It's real --

LOSER What is real life is what apparently happened in Syria, so let's take that one step at a time.

MODERATOR But my question --

LOSER I know what the question is.

MODERATOR The question is --

LOSER But I think it's important to lay out what we know about Syria.

MODERATOR Would Israel -- my question is --

LOSER Because we don't have as much information as we wish we did. But what we think we know is that with North Korean help, both financial and technical and material, the Syrians apparently were putting together, and perhaps over some period of years, a Nuclear facility, and the Israelis took it out. I strongly support that.

We don't have any more information than what I have just described. It is highly classified; it is not being shared. But I don't want to go a step further and talk about what might or might not happen down the road with Iran .

MODERATOR My question was --

LOSER But I think it is fair to say what happened in Syria , so far as we know, I support.

MODERATOR My question is, would the Israelis be justified if they felt their security was being threatened by the presence of a nuclear presence in Iran , and they decided to take military action? Would they be justified?

LOSER Well, Tim, I'm not going to answer that because what I understand is that --

(LOSER).  I'll answer --

LOSER -- there was -- there was evidence -- (interrupted by laughter). Well, let me just finish -- (continued laughter, applause) -- and then Mike and Dennis can answer.

But there was evidence of a North Korea freighter coming in with supplies. There was intelligence and other kinds of verification. So I don't think it's a question of if they feel it. That is a much higher standard of proof. Apparently, it was met with respect to Syria .

MODERATOR You will all be running against a Republican opponent, perhaps Rudy Giuliani. This is what he said. " Iran is not going to be allowed to build a nuclear power. If they get to a point where they're going to become a nuclear power, we will prevent them; we will set them back eight to 10 years. That is not said as a threat; that should be said as a promise."

Would you make a promise as a potential commander in chief that you will not allow Iran to become a nuclear power and will use any means to stop it?

LOSER Well, what I have said is that I will do everything I can to prevent Iran from becoming an nuclear power, including the use of diplomacy, the use of economic sanctions, opening up direct talks. We haven't even tried. That's what is so discouraging about this. So then you have the Republican candidates on the other side jumping to the kind of statements that you just read to us. We need a concerted, comprehensive strategy to deal with Iran . We haven't had it. We need it. And I will provide it.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, would Israel be justified in launching an attack on Iran if they felt their security was jeopardized?

WINNER I think it's important to back up for a second, Tim, and just understand, number one, Iran is in a stronger position now than it was before the Iraq war because the Congress authorized the president to go in. And so it indicates the degree to which we've got to make sure, before we launch attacks or make judgments of the sort, that we actually understand the intelligence and we have done a good job in sorting it through.

Now, we don't know exactly what happened with respect to Syria . We've gotten general reports, but we don't know all the specifics. We got general reports in the run-up to the Iraq war that proved erroneous, and a lot of people voted for that war as a consequence.

Now, we are a stalwart ally of Israel , and I think it is important to understand that we will back them up in terms of their security. But it is critical to understand that until we have taken the diplomatic routes that are required to tighten economic sanctions

-- I have a plan right now to make sure that private pension funds in this country can divest from their holdings in Iran . Until we have gathered the international community to put the squeeze on Iran economically, then we shouldn't be having conversations about attacks in Iran . And I think what Mayor Giuliani said was irresponsible, because we have not yet come to that point. We have not tried the other approach.

MODERATOR So you would not offer a promise to the American people, like Giuliani, that Iran will not be able to develop and become a nuclear power?

WINNER I make an absolute commitment that we will do everything we need to do to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. One of the things we have to try, though, is to talk directly to Iran , something that we have not been doing. And, you know, one of the disagreements that we have on this stage is the degree to which the next president is going to have to engage in the sort of personal diplomacy that can bring about a new era in the region. And, you know, that means talking to everybody. We've got to talk to our enemies and not just our friends.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, would the Israelis be justified in launching an attack if they felt their security was threatened by a nuclear presence in Iran ?

LOSER Well, let me say first of all, I think there's a clear, responsible course for America with respect to Iran , and that responsible course is to recognize that Ahmadinejad is unpopular in his own country. And if we work with our friends in Europe and the European banking system, we can put a clear proposal on the table for the Iranian people, sticks and carrots -- the carrots being we will help you with your economy if in fact you give up your nuclear ambitions, the flip side being there will be severe economic sanctions if you don't.

But I want to come back to a discussion that took place a few minutes ago, to make sure everyone understands what Senator Gravel was talking about and what Senator Clinton was talking about, because there was a very important vote cast in the United States Senate today. And it was basically in a resolution calling the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization. I voted for this war in Iraq and I was wrong to vote for this war and I accept responsibility for that. Senator Clinton also voted for this war. We learned a very different lesson from that.

I have no intention of giving George Bush the authority to take the first step on a road to war with Iran. And I think that vote today, which Senator Biden and Senator Dodd voted against, and they were correct to vote against it, is a clear indication of the approach that all of us would take with the situation in Iran. Because what I learned in my vote on Iraq was, you cannot give this president the authority and you can't even give him the first step in that authority, because he cannot be trusted. And that resolution that was voted on today was a very clear indication --

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, would you make a solemn commitment to the American people that Iran will not become a nuclear power?

LOSER Yes. And this is what I would do. I would approach it through diplomacy. A fundamental goal of our foreign policy should be not to permit Iran to develop nuclear weapons.

Another cornerstone of our foreign policy should be the strength and the security of Israel. So you cannot deny a nation the right to legitimately defend itself.

Now, my approach is different. By the way, talking about diplomacy, I've talked to a lot of these bad guys already. So I would have a head start in personal diplomacy. You have to approach Iran. First of all, you use diplomacy. Then you use sanctions.

The problem that we have with Iran is that we don't build the international support that is needed to put economic pressure on Iran.

And my point here is that Iran is susceptible to economic pressure. It can do so through -- they import half of their foodstuffs, half of their gasoline. They've got domestic unrest. I would not talk necessarily to Ahmadinejad. I would talk to moderate clerics. I would talk to business leaders. But 40 percent of the Iranian people vote for moderate candidates for president. So you first use diplomacy.

The problem, Tim, is, we can't build the international support with the Europeans, with Russia that has leverage on Iran to effectively pressure them not to build nuclear weapons and to stop messing around in Iran (sic).

But it's called diplomacy, it's called negotiation; it's called talking to Iran and Syria and trying to work out differences.

MODERATOR But the issue you may have to confront as president, Israel took out a nuclear reactor in Iraq. They attacked Syria. They may conclude they need to attack Iran.

If they did and you were president, would you support Israel?

LOSER A fundamental tenet of American foreign policy is to support Israel, but Tim, you've got to bring diplomacy. The problem in the Middle East is there is no Middle East peace process. There are no -- there is no Middle East peace envoy. We don't talk to Syria. You've got Israel today less safe than it ever was. You've got Hamas on one side. You've got Hezbollah. You've got Iran wanting to build nuclear weapons. But you do it through diplomacy; you do it through a Middle East peace process. Get Lebanon involved, get Syria involved. The two-state solution. It's called diplomacy.

MODERATOR Before we take a break, I want to go to Allison King of New England Cable News, who has been sifting through thousands of questions from across the country and New England and here in New Hampshire.

Allison, a question, please.

ALLISON KING (New England Cable News) Thank you, Tim.

Dozens of cities around the country, including several here, right here in New England, have been designated as sanctuary cities. These are communities that provide a safe haven for illegal immigrants, where police are told not to involve themselves in immigration matters.

Would you allow these cities to ignore the federal law regarding the reporting of illegal immigrants and, in fact, provide sanctuary to these immigrants?

Governor Richardson, I'll start with you.

LOSER Are you asking me because I'm the Hispanic here? But I'll answer. (Laughter.)

The answer is yes. The problem we have is the lack of a comprehensive immigration policy. This is a federal responsibility. But what we have is, because of the dysfunctional relationship between the Congress and the president, there is no comprehensive immigration bill. We need to fix the immigration system that is broken. We need to find ways, number one, to increase security at the border with more detection equipment, more border patrol, not this silly wall.

Secondly, those that knowingly hire illegal workers need to be punished. Third, a foreign policy relationship with Mexico where you say to Mexico Start giving jobs to your people. At the very least, don't give them maps on the easiest place to cross.

And lastly -- and lastly, a legalization program. Earn legalization. Not amnesty, not citizenship, but a process where they can earn their way into America. They can do it by learning English, by paying back taxes, by passing a background check, by paying a fine for having come in here illegally. Then get behind those that are trying to get here legally, and then increase the legal immigration quota, the H1-B visas.

But what you don't do is basically deport everybody; that makes no sense. That's not America; that's not going to work. Is the outline that I gave you messy? Yeah. Is it going to more bureaucracy? Yes. But the problem is cities and communities are being victimized by the failure of the Congress and the president to reach a resolution.

KING Your time is up, Governor Richardson.

I'd like to hear from Senator Biden. Would you allow these cities to ignore the federal law?

LOSER The reason that cities ignore the federal law is the fact that there is no funding at the federal level to provide for the kind of enforcement at the federal level you need.

Pick up The New York Times today. There's a city not far across the river from my state that imposed similar sanctions. And what they found out is, as a consequence of that, their city went in the dumps -- in the dumpster; stores started closing, everything started to happen, and they changed the policy.

Part of the problem is you have to have a federal government that can enforce laws. This administration's been fundamentally derelict in not funding any of the requirements that are needed even to enforce the existing law.

And the last point I'll make is Rudy Giuliani doesn't know what the heck he's talking about. He's the most uninformed person on American foreign policy now running for president -- (cheers, applause) -- number one.

And number two, these guys -- these -- anyway. (Laughter.) KING But yes or no.

LOSER I wish I'd get to talk about something I know about like foreign policy. You gotta count me in in this debate a little bit.

KING So Senator Biden, yes or no, would you allow those cities to ignore the federal law?

LOSER No.

KING Okay.

And I'd like to hear from Senator Dodd. New Haven, Connecticut is on that list of sanctuary cities.

LOSER I think in certain circumstances you have to here to get -- New Haven, Connecticut was a good example here, where there was a cooperative effort with the local police departments and others to deal with health issues, crime problems and the like. The immigration service came in and raided, basically, homes in that community causing a great deal of disruption, disrupting the relationship that was being developed with community leaders, including the local police, and dealing with matters in that community.

We need to step back. What's been said by Bill Richardson and Joe Biden is correct here. This was a failure of leadership again at the national level. We had an opportunity to draft an immigration law here that would have put us on the right track. I certainly endorse everything Bill's said here in terms of the provision -- I think all of us do here -- the general provisions.

We're a nation of immigrants here. We have succeeded in no small measure because we have been a welcoming people here. We also understand we cannot tolerate 400 to 500,000 people coming to this country as undocumented workers each year. We need to have a far better system in place that stops that flow coming in, to deal with the 12 to 20 million who are here illegally. If in the meantime here, we're dealing with children, we're dealing with crime problems, we're dealing with health issues at the local community, then you need to allow these local communities to do that.

If it means temporarily engaging in a sanctuary protection here, then so be it if that protects our country. In the meantime, we need to have national leadership, a president that would be able to bring together the Congress and pass the kind of immigration laws that we frankly don't have on the books today.

KING Thank you, Senator.

Tim, back to you.

MODERATOR Get all the candidates on the record -- anyone here who would close down these sanctuary cities, not allow them to exist? You would allow these sanctuary cities to exist?

LOSER I would like to say that we're forgetting who we are as Americans, Tim. You have to remember the message of the Statue of Liberty. That is who America is. "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."

We're forgetting that. We should be talking about cancelling NAFTA and WTO, giving workers' rights a premium in negotiations with Mexico. It's a new direction.

MODERATOR The question is, you would allow these sanctuary cities to disobey the federal law?

LOSER Absolutely, I -- you know what? The federal law -- there's a moral law here.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And the moral law says that the immigrants are being used and mistreated.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER The federal law is not being enforced not because of failures of local communities, because the federal government has not done the job that it needs to do. And --

MODERATOR But you would allow the sanctuary cities to exist?

WINNER What I would do as president is pass comprehensive immigration reform. And the federal government should be doing, which is controlling our borders but also providing a rational immigration system, which we currently don't have.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you allow the sanctuary cities to exist?

LOSER Well, in addition to the general points that have been made, that I agree with, why do they have sanctuary cities? In large measure because if local law enforcement begins to act like immigration enforcement officers, what that means is that you will have people not reporting crimes. You will have people hiding from the police. And I think that is a real direct threat to the personal safety and security of all the citizens.

So this is a result of the failure of the federal government, and that's where it needs to be fixed.

MODERATOR But you would allow the sanctuary cities to disobey the federal law.

LOSER Well, I don't think there is any choice. The ICE groups go in and raid individuals, but if you're a local police chief and you're trying to solve a crime that you know people from the immigrant community have information about, they may not talk to you if they think you're also going to be enforcing the immigration laws.

Local law enforcement has a different job than federal immigration enforcement. The problem is the federal government has totally abdicated its responsibility.

MODERATOR Real fast.

LOSER Real fast? This whole nation should be a sanctuary for the (war ?) -- for the world and bring the people in. What's going on? Again, we're in fantasy-land. We're talking about a problem, it's -- we're scapegoating the Latinos of our society because we as a society are failing in education, we're failing in health care, we're failing in our crumbling infrastructure, and we're failing by invading countries and spending our treasure. That's what's wrong.

And so I'm ashamed, as an American, to be building a fence on our southern border. That's not the America that I fought for. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Gravel.

We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to talk about and a lot more time. We are at Dartmouth College, Hanover, (New) Hampshire. We'll be right back with the Democrats. (Applause.)

MODERATOR And we are back live from Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire, and we are resuming our debate.

Senator Dodd, let me start with you. President Bush predicted that Hillary Clinton would be the nominee for president for your party. You issued a statement that said, quote, "I can understand why the president would want Senator Clinton to be the nominee."

What does that mean?

LOSER (Laughs, laughter.)

LOSER Well, if I were Hillary Clinton, I'd be very worried.

LOSER (Laughs.)

LOSER This is the same guy who said, "Way to go, Brownie," here. (Laughter, applause.) And I think "mission accomplished" was the other one I saw. So in terms of being a prognosticator of events, I'd say the president has somewhat of a bad record when it comes to that.

But certainly we all respect and admire Hillary and can understand that as well. But this race is going to be won by voters here in this state and Iowa and other caucus and primary states. Making predictions in September or August about who's going to win later on, I think, has proven to be rather faulty over the years. So I look very much forward to the kind of race that develops.

I said -- I walked in here this evening, and a fellow walked up to me and he said, "Anderson Cooper, what's happened to you here?" (Laughter.) So I realized I have some gaining of ground to do here, but nonetheless, I'm counting on the American people. Democrats make a good choice in the coming months, not the president of the United States predicting the winner in the Democratic primary.MODERATOR But your statement said, "I can understand why the president would want Senator Clinton." Why does George Bush want Senator Clinton to be the nominee of the party? That's what you said.

LOSER Well, being somewhat facetious Tim, obviously --

MODERATOR Ah.

LOSER And the question here of whether or not you're actually trying to in a sense encourage a certain outcome here. And we all believe we'd be the best candidates. I certainly do, based on 26 years of working on every major domestic and foreign policy issue of our country, having proven to get results for our nation, having authored the Family and Medical Leave Act, child care legislation, dealing in Latin America, dealing with financial services. I think people want not only promises about what you'll do, but a proven record of what you've been able to accomplish.

MODERATOR Experience and judgment have been two issues that have been raised in this campaign. Senator Clinton, as first lady, your major initiative was health care. You acknowledge that you did some things wrong in that. Democrats and Republicans both rejected your proposal. You said that the most important vote you cast in the Senate was on the Iraq war. You voted for it.

If, in fact, you made fundamental misjudgments on health care as first lady and the war as senator, why shouldn't Democratic voters say, "She doesn't have the judgment to be president"?

LOSER Well, Tim, I'm proud that I tried to get universal health care back in '93 and '94. It was a tough fight. It was kind of a lonely fight. But it was worth trying. And of course I've said many times that I made mistakes.

But I think the biggest mistake was that we didn't take the opportunity that was offered back them to move toward quality affordable health care for every single American.

But I've come back with a different plan that I believe is much better reflective of what people want, namely, an array of choices. You can keep what you have. But if you're uninsured or you're underinsured, you'll now have access to the congressional plan.

And I think it's a different time. Many more people -- in business, in labor, doctors, nurses, hospitals and especially American families -- know that we have to change what we do in health care. And I think that my experience on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue, knowing how challenging it will be to take on the special interests, which I've been taking on for a very long time, gives me a special insight into what we must do. And I intend to be the health care president. You see a lot of people with those stickers that say, "I'm a health care voter." Well, I want to be the health care president.

And I think that finally there will be a consensus behind us to do that. And I look forward to going into the White House and getting that done, because I think it's the highest domestic priority that we have right now.

MODERATOR Could the scaled bill down -- scaled-down bill that you have now, which is very similar to what Senator Chafee, a Republican, had back in 1993 -- your bill today could have passed back then, but you refused to compromise.

LOSER Well, I don't -- well, I don't think that's a fair reading.

If you'll remember, there was a decision made by the Republicans then that they would not support extending health care to every American. I regret that, and so did the late Senator Chafee, because he and I had many conversations about that.

But those arguments have been really discredited the last 15 years. People know that we can't sustain the course we're on without doing more damage, more uninsured, more people denied the care that their doctors say they need, even though they have insurance, driving more doctors to distraction, overworking our nurses. There's so much that has happened that people can see with their own eyes now, that I believe that we finally have a consensus to do what we should do.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, you said the other day, quote, "Do you really believe that Senator Clinton can get more than 15 percent of Republicans to vote for health care?" What does that mean?

LOSER No, what is means is that in order to get health care, you're going to have to be able to persuade at least 15 percent of the Republicans to vote for it.

MODERATOR And she cannot?

LOSER I think it's going to be more difficult -- unfairly, but I think it's more difficult for Hillary. Hillary, because she has battled the special interests, and she has, but look at the special interests. The special interests, with regard to Hillary, they feed on this, you know, this Clinton-Bush thing.

It's not Hillary's fault. But the fact of the matter is, it's much more difficult to go out and convince a group of Republicans, I would argue, getting something done that is of a major consequence.

I have experience doing that. I did it on the crime bill, I did it on -- today, the first time we rejected -- fundamentally rejected the president's policy. And I'm not suggesting it's Hillary's fault. I think it's a reality that it's more difficult, because there's a lot of very good things that come with all the great things that President Clinton did. But there's also a lot of the old stuff that comes back. It's kind of hard. When I say "old stuff," I'm referring to policy -- policy.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you said in effect that Senator Clinton's mismanagement of health care meant that 40 million Americans have not had it since 1993. That's a very serious charge.

LOSER Well, I didn't use the word "mismanagement." I think Senator Clinton actually worked, as first lady at that time, very hard for health care.

But here's -- I listen to this discussion, and this is what I hear -- a bunch of people who've been in Washington a long time who think that everything has to be done there. It's like the rest of America doesn't exist. They're going to have a bunch of Washington insiders who sit around tables together, negotiate, compromise, insurance companies, drug companies, lobbyists, and they're going to figure out together -- to the exclusion of the rest of America -- what should be done about health care.

I think we actually need a president who's willing to go to Americans and make the case for the need for universal health care. And the thing that I have committed to do is the first day that I am president, I will say to the Congress, to myself, to the vice president, to the members of the Cabinet, if you have not passed universal health care by July of this year, July of 2009, you lose your health care because there is no excuse for politicians in Washington to have health care coverage when America has no health care coverage. (Applause.)

And I -- if I -- can I add one last thing?

MODERATOR Well, Senator, I want to ask you this because in 2004 when you ran for president, you said we could not afford universal health care, it was not achievable, and it was not responsible. You've changed dramatically on this issue.

LOSER That's true and so has America. I proposed universal health care for children at that point, and what is clear from this presidential campaign is I was the first presidential candidate -- others have followed me now, and that's a good thing, good thing for America -- but I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific truly universal health care plan. And the one thing I can tell you, as anybody who knows me, anybody who knows me knows I will never give up.

What happened in '93 and '94 is we didn't get universal health care, but we got NAFTA. And when I'm president of the United States, you have my word I will never pull the universal health care bill. I will put everything I have behind making sure that's enacted.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, I asked Senator Clinton about experience in judgment. You have served in the U.S. Senate about 33 months. You have no landmark legislation as such that you have offered. When you were elected back in 2004, you said, quote, "The notion that somehow I am going to start running for higher office, it just doesn't make sense."

If it didn't make sense in 2004, why does it make sense now?

WINNER Because I think that the country is at a crossroads right now and it needs three things. Number one, it needs somebody who can bring the country together, and that's the kind of experience that I bring to this office. When I was in the state legislature, I was able to get people who were polar opposites -- police officers and law enforcement working with civil rights advocates to reform a death penalty system that was broken; bringing people together, Republicans and Democrats, to provide health insurance to people who didn't have it. That's number one.

Number two, we need somebody who can take on the special interests and win. And I have consistently done that. On money in politics, in the state legislature I passed landmark ethics legislation against not just Republicans but also some of the leaders in my own party. I did the same thing working with Russ Feingold with the ethics reform package that we passed last year.

And the third thing is telling the truth to the American people even when it's tough, which I did in 2002, standing up against this war at a time where it was very unpopular. And I was risking my political career, because I was in the middle of a U.S. Senate race.

Now, those are, I think, the kinds of experiences that people are looking for right now in this country, and that's the kind of experience I bring to bear to this race. I just want to make one last comment. I think Hillary Clinton deserves credit for having worked on health care. I think John deserves credit for his proposal. I know that, you know, he feels that he put out his plan first. You know, Harry Truman put something out 60 years ago for universal health care. I wrote about it in a book that I wrote last year -- a plan very similar to John's.

The issue is not going to be who has these particular plans. It has to do with who can inspire and mobilize the American people to get it done and open up the process. If it was lonely for Hillary, part of the reason it was lonely, Hillary, was because you closed the door to a lot of potential allies in that process. At that time, 80 percent of Americans already wanted universal health care, but they didn't feel like they were let into the process.

MODERATOR I want to ask Senator Gravel. You talk about running for president of the United States. In 1980 your condo business went bankrupt.

LOSER Correct.

MODERATOR In 2004 you filed for personal bankruptcy --

LOSER Correct.

MODERATOR -- leaving $85,000 in credit bills unpaid. How can someone who did not take care of his business, could not manage his own personal finances, say that he's capable of managing the country?

LOSERWell, first off, if you want to make a judgment of who can be the greediest people in the world when they get to public office, you could just look up at the people up here. Money -- many of them done very, very well in public office. I left the Senate no better than when I went in.

Now, you say the condo business. I'll tell you, Donald Trump has been bankrupt a hundred times. So I went bankrupt once in business.

And the other -- who did I bankrupt? I stuck the credit card companies with $90,000 worth of bills. And they deserved it, because I used the money. (Laughter.) They deserved it, and I used the money to finance the empowerment of the American people with the National Initiative, so you can make the laws.

Now, Tim, let me just point one thing out.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER You're asking about special interests.

MODERATOR You've made your point. You've made your point.

LOSER Well, I wanted to make a better point. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Let me leave it at that, because I've got to give everyone a chance.

Congressman Kucinich, when you were mayor of Cleveland, you let Cleveland go into bankruptcy, the first time that happened since the Depression. The voters of Cleveland rewarded you by throwing you out of office and electing a Republican mayor of Cleveland. How can you claim that you have the ability to manage the United States of America, when you let Cleveland go bankrupt?

LOSER You know, Tim, that was NBC's story. Now I want the people to know what the real story was.

I took a stand on behalf of the people of Cleveland to save a municipal electric system. The banks and the utilities in Cleveland, the private utilities, were trying to force me to sell that system. And so on December 15th, 1978, I told the head of the biggest bank, when he told me I had to sell the system in order to get the city's credit renewed, that I wasn't going to do it because -- you know, I remember where I came from.

I remembered my parents counting pennies to pay the utility bills in one of the many apartments we lived in, and so I know why I went into public office. I went in to stand up for the people. And the people in Cleveland in 1994 asked me to come back to public life because at that point they expanded a municipal electric system that the banks demanded that I sell, and I showed the ability to stand up for the people.

You know, my campaign in '94 was "because it was right," and people put me in the Ohio Senate for that reason; '96 it was "light up Congress" as a symbol of saving the municipal electric system; and this year it's going to be "light up America" because I'm going to challenge those interest groups. I put my job on the line. How many people would be willing to put their job on the line in the face of pressure from banks and utilities? As this story gets told, people will want me to be their next president because they'll see in me not only the ability to take a stand, but the ability to live with integrity.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you talk about your experience, and yet when you were the secretary of Energy, there was security breaches at Los Alamos. You talked about Justice White being your favorite Supreme Court justice, someone who voted against Roe v. Wade. New Mexico ranks 48 in terms of people below the poverty line, 48th in children below the poverty line.

You said that being gay is a choice. Based on those kinds of comments and that record of performance or questionable activities, how can you tell people you have the experience to be president?

LOSER I've been in public life 25 years. And, you know, I may not be the perfect consultant, blow-dried candidate. I make mistakes. I admit them.

But, you know, Tim, the issue is, do I deliver? I mean, your network covered me five months ago when I brought back the remains of five of our -- remains of Korean War soldiers. I also persuaded with others, the North Koreans, to turn down their nuclear reactor.

As governor, today New Mexico's the sixth-fastest growing economy. I've insured kids under 12. Those statistics were way before me, but today, we have created a balanced budget. New Mexico is the clean energy state. No one ever questioned me that I deliver when I brought back American hostages and servicemen from Iraq, from Saddam Hussein, from the North Koreans, from Darfur. I got a fragile cease-fire. I received four Nobel Peace Prize nominations.

You know, sure, I've made mistakes, and I'm going to continue making them, I can tell you right here.

But I also want you to know that the issue is, can you deliver? You asked Senator Clinton. She's (a/the ?) candidate of experience. Senator Obama, a fresh voice for change. With Bill Richardson, you get both, change AND experience. (Laughter.) That's what I am conveying to the American people.

You got to be able to deliver. To bring change, you have to have the experience to deliver that change. And my record in terms of foreign policy, energy policy, what I've done for my state, I'm the only one who has negotiated with a foreign country here, I believe I have the best of both to be this president.

MODERATOR I'd like to go to Alison King of New England Cable News again for another question. Alison.

KING Thanks, Tim.

The issues surrounding gay rights have been hotly debated here in New England. For example, last year some parents of second graders in Lexington, Massachusetts, were outraged to learn their children's teacher had read a story about same-sex marriage, about a prince who marries another prince.

Same-sex marriage is legal in Massachusetts, but most of you oppose it. Would you be comfortable having this story read to your children as part of their school curriculum?

I'm going to start with Senator Edwards.

LOSER Yes, absolutely.

What I want is I want my children to understand everything about the difficulties that gay and lesbian couples are faced with every day, the discrimination that they're faced with every single day of their lives. And I suspect my two younger children -- Emma Claire, who's nine, and Jack, who's seven -- will reach the same conclusion that my daughter, Cate, who's 25, has reached, which is she doesn't understand why her dad is not in favor of same-sex marriage, and she says her generation will be the generation that brings about the great change in America on that issue.

So I don't want to make that decision on behalf of my children. I want my children to be able to make that decision on behalf of themselves, and I want them to be exposed to all the information, even in -- did you say second grade? Second grade might be a little tough, but even in second grade to be exposed to all --

KING Well, that's the point is second grade.

LOSER -- to all of those possibilities because I don't want to impose my view. Nobody made me God. I don't get to decide on behalf of my family or my children, as my wife, Elizabeth, who's spoken her own mind on this issue. I don't get to impose on them what it is that I believe is right.

But what I will do as president of the United States is I will lead an effort to make sure that the same benefits that are available to heterosexual couples -- 1,100, roughly, benefits in the federal government -- are available to same-sex couples; that we get rid of DOMA, the Defense Of Marriage Act; that we get rid of "don't ask, don't tell," which is wrong today, was wrong when it was enacted back in the 1990s.

I will be the president that leads a serious effort to deal with the discrimination that exists today.

KING Thank you.

Senator Obama, you have young children at home. How do you feel about this?

WINNER You know, I feel very similar to John that -- you know, the fact is, my 9-year-old and my 6-year-old's -- I think, are already aware that there are same-sex couples. And my wife and I have talked about it.

And one of the things I want to communicate to my children is not to be afraid of people who are different, and because there have been times in our history where I was considered different, or Bill Richardson was considered different.

And one of the things I think the next president has to do is to stop fanning people's fears. You know, if we spend all our time feeding the American people fear and conflict and division, then they become fearful and conflicted and divided. And if we feed them hope, and we feed them reason and tolerance, then they will become tolerant and reasonable and hopeful. And that, I think, is one of the most important things that the next president can do, is try to bring us together and stop trying to fan the flames of division that have become so -- so standard in our politics in Washington. That's the kind of experience, by the way, that we need to put an end to.

KING Quickly, have you sat down with your daughters to talk about same-sex marriage?

WINNER My wife has. KING Okay.

I'd like to ask Senator Clinton the same question.

LOSER Well, I -- I really respect what both John and Barack said. I think that we've seen differences used for divisive purposes, for political purposes in the last several elections, and I think every one of us on this stage are really personally opposed to that and will do everything we can to prevent it.

With respect to your individual children, that is such a matter of parental discretion. I think that obviously it is better to try to work with your children, to help your children the many differences that are in the world and to really respect other people and the choices that other people make, and that goes far beyond sexual orientation.

So I think that this issue of gays and lesbians and their rights will remain an important one in our country. And I hope that -- tomorrow we're going to vote on the hate crimes bill, and I'm sure that those of us in the Senate will be there to vote for it. We haven't been able to get it passed, and it is an important measure to send a message that we stand against hatred and divisiveness. And I think that, you know, that's what the Democratic Party stands for in contrast all too often to the other side.

KING Thank you, Senator.

Tim, back to you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Alison.

We're going to take another quick break. We're going to come back and talk about something that affects this generation and the next generation -- Social Security, Medicare and a whole lot more. We'll be right back to the Democrats debate.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR And we're back at Dartmouth College talking to the Democrats. I want to talk about Social Security and Medicare. The chairman of the Federal Reserve, the head of the Government Accountability Office, have both said that the number of people in America on Social Security and Medicare is going to double in the next 20 years -- there are now 40 million; it's going to go to 80 million -- and that if nothing is done, we'll have to cut benefits in half or double the taxes. That is their testimony.

Senator Biden, in order to prevent that, would you be willing to consider certain steps? For example, back in 1983, Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill, Pat Moynihan and Bob Dole got together and changed the retirement age. It's going to be going up to 67 in a gradual increase.

Right now, you pay tax for Social Security on your first $97,500 worth of income. Why not tax the entire income of every American? And if you do that, you'll guarantee the solvency of Social Security farther than your eye can see.

LOSER The answer is yes. I'm probably the only one up here who's going to say that. But the truth of the matter is, you've stated it. You're either going to cut benefits or you're going to go ahead and raise taxes above the first $97,000.

And by the way, I was in that room with Pat Moynihan. It was Joe Biden, Pat Moynihan, Bob Dole -- it was also George Mitchell -- when we made that deal. I'll never forget Bob Dole turning to Pat Moynihan and saying, we all got to jump in this boat at the same time.

So the bottom line here is, you can't do it by growing the economy alone. So I would raise the cap.

MODERATOR Would you also, considering now life expectancy is 78, considering -- consider gradually raising the retirement age?

LOSER Well, we did that once, I supported that. That's what got it solvent to 2041. By simply going and taking -- raising the cap, you can solve the problem.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you be in favor of saying to the American people, "I'm going to tax your income. I'm not going to cap at $97,500. Everyone, even if you're a millionaire, is going to pay Social Security tax on every cent they make"?

LOSER Well, Tim, let me tell you what I think about this because I know this is a particular concern of yours, but I want to make three points very briefly.

First, I do think that it's important to talk about fiscal responsibility. You know, when my husband left office after moving us toward a balanced budget and a surplus, we had a plan to make Social Security solvent until 2055. Now, because of the return to deficits, we've lost 14 years of solvency. It's now projected to be solvent until 2041. Getting back on a path of fiscal responsibility is absolutely essential.

Number two, I think we do need another bipartisan process. You described what happened in '83. It took presidential leadership, and it took the relationship between the White House and Capitol Hill to reach the kind of resolution that was discussed. And I think that has to be what happens again, but with a president who is dedicated to Social Security, unlike our current president, who has never liked Social Security. You can go back and see when he first ran for Congress he was dissing Social Security. So when I'm president, I will do everything to protect and preserve Social Security so we can have that kind of bipartisanship.

And finally, then you can look in the context of fiscal responsibility and of a bipartisan compromise what else might be done. But I think if you don't put fiscal responsibility first, you're going to really make a big mistake, because we demonstrated in the '90s it had a lot to do with moving us toward solvency.

MODERATOR But you would not take lifting the cap at 97.5 off the table.

LOSER Well, I take everything off the table until we move toward fiscal responsibility and before we have a bipartisan process. I don't think I should be negotiating about what I would do as president. You know, I want to see what other people come to the table with.

MODERATOR But Senator Biden said you can't grow your way out of this. And for the record, when the Clinton administration left office, Social Security was only guaranteed to 2038, not 2055.

LOSER There was a plan, on the basis of the balanced budget and the surplus, to take it all the way to 2055.

MODERATOR A plan --

LOSER And we know what happened. George Bush came in, went back to deficits, and has basically used the Social Security trust fund and borrowing from China --

MODERATOR But Senator --

LOSER -- and other countries to pay for the war.

MODERATOR -- a simple question.

A simple question. What do you put on the table? What are you willing to look at to say, "We're not going to double the taxes, we're not going to cut benefits in half; I'm willing to put everything on the table, some things on the table, nothing on the table"?

LOSER I'm not putting anything on the proverbial table until we move toward fiscal responsibility. I think it's a mistake to do that.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I think that lifting the cap is probably going to be the best option.

Now we've got to have a process that's already been talked about. Joe participated back in 1983. We need another one. And I think I've said before everything should be on the table.

My personal view is that lifting the cap is much preferable to the other options that are available.

But what's critical is to recognize that there is a potential problem. As I travel around Iowa and New Hampshire, I meet young people who don't think Social Security is going to be there for them. They don't believe it's going to be there for them. And I think it's important for us, in addition to getting our fiscal house in order, to acknowledge, as Democrats, that there may be a problem that we've got to take on. And we should be willing to do anything that will strengthen the system, to make sure that that we are being true to the sacred of those who are already retired, as well as young people in the future. And we should reject things that will weaken the system, including privatization, which essentially is going to put people's retirement at the whim of the stock market.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, tax all income?

LOSER I don't think you have to go that far. I understand what Joe's point is here, but you could raise that tax far less than all incomes here and achieve the same result by achieving solvency.

But beyond just the Social Security fix, Tim, there are a host of other issues related to this. Pension security is critically important for long-term security. Financial literacy is critically important to people as well. Prescription drug issues are critically important to that population, preventive care. We need to look at doctors in a holistic way when it comes to our seniors.

Remember, it was only a few years ago, Tim, that the poorest sector of our population in this country were our elderly. Because of Medicare, because of Social Security, because of leadership that stood up and fought for it here, we've been able to take the older Americans out of poverty and give them a sense of decency and a quality of life.

So issues like privatization, as been said here, have to be off the table, and I believe you can achieve that solvency here by doing simpler things without the draconian measures that some have suggested. But you need to also deal with these other issues on the table if you're going to provide that kind of financial security and that quality of life for our older Americans.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, would you lift the cap and have taxes paid on income and not cap it at --

LOSER No, you don't need to do that. That's a 15 percent tax on small businesses, on the middle class, on family farms. You don't need to do that.

This is what you do.

One, you take privatization off the table. You don't want Social Security in the stock market.

Two, you stop raiding the Social Security Trust Fund, as the Congress and the president constantly do.

MODERATOR You then would -- excuse me, excuse me -- you then would have a deficit of over 300 billion (dollars) --

LOSER No, no, Tim. No, you don't.

MODERATOR Governor --

LOSER No, no, wait. What -- no, wait. Because I know --

MODERATOR It's not funny money; it's real money.

LOSER No, no, but what you do -- I am the only candidate here that has said, I'm for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. You have to have fiscal discipline. You've got to also grow the economy. You have to have universal pensions.

Here's -- you know, this estimate, and you've just talked about, it's based on the growth of the economy, 1.3 percent. If it grows to 1.8, we don't have this. And if we -- if we balance the budget, restore our fiscal house, there will be economic growth. If we invest in education and have a stronger workforce, if we incentivize and have a pro-growth economy, where we say we're going to make America green, renewable energy, we're going to bring new jobs. Together --

MODERATOR Growing -- Governor, what you're saying is that there's no pain in this. You can double the number of people on Social Security, Medicare, and the life expectancy can go to 78. The reason Franklin Roosevelt set the age of eligibility to 65 -- that was life expectancy. You made it on the program for a month or two, and that was it. You're going to have double the number of people on these programs for 15 years, and you can do it by growing the economy.

LOSER Tim, I have said, I am for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget within five years. That is pain. You don't do it in a recession; you don't do it in a war. But if you also generate economic growth, this projection that you mentioned by the year 2041 is based on 1.3 economic growth.

That is pathetic --

MODERATOR Senator Edwards --

LOSER -- to grow the economy --

MODERATOR -- can you grow your way out of this?

LOSER No, sir, you cannot, and I would say that the single most important thing for anybody running for president is to be willing to be honest with America. You cannot solve this problem just by setting up a bipartisan commission. All of us are for that. You cannot solve this problem just by growing the economy. All of us are for that.

But the American people deserve to hear the truth. They have heard so much politician double-talk on this issue. That's the reason young people don't believe Social Security's going to be there for them. Why would you possibly trust a bunch of politicians who say the same thing over and over and over -- "We're going to grow our way out of this" -- but nothing changes, nothing changes.

The honest truth is there are hard choices to be made here. The choice I would make as president of the United States is on the very issue that you've asked about, which is the cap, and I have to say, I have some difference with my friend, Chris Dodd, who I agree with a lot. But I don't understand why somebody who makes $50 million a year pays Social Security tax on the first $97,000, and somebody -- and not all the rest, while somebody who makes $85,000 a year pays Social Security tax on every dime of their income.

LOSER Well, John --

LOSER I'm sorry, Chris. Let me just finish. I'll let you respond, but I want to say one last thing about this.

I do have some difference with some of our colleagues who I've heard talk about this. I think we have to be very careful to protect the middle class, so, specifically -- if I can be very specific -- what I would do as president is I would create a protective zone between 97,000 (dollars) up to around 200,000 (dollars) because there are a lot of firefighter couples, for example, that make $100(,000), $115,000 a year. We don't want to raise taxes on them. But I do believe that people who make $50 (million), $75 (million), $100 million a year ought to be paying Social Security taxes on that income.

LOSER Can I --

LOSER I think --

MODERATOR Real fast.

LOSER You know, of course we ought to be raising the cap in order to protect Social Security, which is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever. But what everyone should realize in this country is that Wall Street is very interested in privatization. And unless we have a president who states very clearly no privatization, believes in economic growth -- and I'm talking about a new WPA, a Works Green Administration, creating technologies for a green America -- we have to believe in economic growth. We should raise the ceiling.

And in addition to that, Tim, we should be thinking about lowering -- lowering -- the retirement age to 65. People's bodies break down. There are people who are retiring early; they don't have the kind of economic help they should get. We should be thinking raise the cap, lower the retirement age to 65, stop privatization, increased economic growth.

That's what a Kucinich presidency will mean.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, Senator Edwards invoked your name. You've got 30 seconds.

LOSER And I thank you.

What I was suggesting here -- Joe, I think, said we tax everybody. I -- he clearly --

LOSER No, no, I'm with you.

LOSER -- that you don't have to do that. (Laughter.)

(Chuckling.) I'm sure you would, Joe.

LOSER Thanks for invoking my name.

LOSER And -- and -- but you could do this by basically readjusting that tax so you don't have to -- doesn't have to affect everyone in society.

So, John, I'm not suggesting it just be --

But you'd raise it to 500,000 (dollars)?

LOSER But you've got to raise it up, clearly, to do this.

Let me also say something, look, because all of this comes down to one other issue, Tim, clearly. Joe made the point earlier. We can all talk about this. No one political party is going to do this. It's going to take people who can bring people together to get the job done. And you need to demonstrate not just the experience but the proven ability to actually get results by bringing people together to do things that were difficult to accomplish. That's what I've done for 26 years. I know how to do this. And I think the American people are looking for leadership that -- not just make promises about what they're going to do, but the ability to bring elements together, as you had happen with Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill and Bob Dole and Pat Moynihan. That kind of leadership is missing today. That's what the American people want back.

I want to --

LOSER Tim, I just have to insert something here. You know, the Democrats are against privatization. I fought against it. We all did.

But in the interests of, I think, facts, we were on a pathway, at the end of the Clinton administration, in the words of Alan Greenspan, of eliminating the debt.

That was one of the excuses he gave when he voted for those horrible tax cuts in 2001, that he was so worried we would actually eliminate the debt.

So I think it's important that you cannot give away what you're going to be negotiating over when it comes to Social Security until you make it clear that fiscal responsibility has got to be the premise of the negotiation. And if you don't lead with that and if you don't point to the fact that the Democrats are much better stewards of our country's budget then the Republicans are -- because once again we're in a mess after this President Bush leaves office -- then you're going to be negotiating with yourself, and I think that's a mistake.

MODERATOR But Senator Clinton --

LOSER Put fiscal responsibility --

MODERATOR Senator Clinton -- Senator Clinton -- Senator Clinton, you would acknowledge that the programs as they are now constructed will not exist unless significant changes are made in them for the next generation.

LOSER Well, I think we have to make some significant changes, and I've told you where I would start from and what I would do. And I think it's a mistake to be negotiating over what you will give away before you even get to the bipartisan process, because the fiscal responsibility -- (interrupted by cross talk) --

MODERATOR One second -- one second here. I want to turn to another health issue because this is important before I bring Allison in.

Over 400,000 Americans have premature death due to smoking or secondhand smoke.

Senator Clinton, would you be in favor of a national law to ban smoking in all public places?LOSER Well, we banned it in New York City. And people thought it would be a terrible idea, and everyone was really upset about it. And actually business at a lot of establishments, like restaurants and other places, increased, because many people felt more comfortable going when there was no smoking.

I think that we should be moving toward a bill that I have supported to regulate tobacco through the FDA. And once it has those health warnings and once the FDA can regulate it, I think that will give a lot of support to local communities to make these, what are essentially zoning decisions. And I'd fully support that.

MODERATOR But you're not in favor of a national law to ban smoking in public places?

LOSER Not at this point. I think we're making progress at the local level.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, a national law to ban smoking in all public places?

WINNER I think that local communities are making enormous strides, and I think they're doing the right thing on this. If it turns out that we're not seeing enough progress at the local level, then I would favor a national law. I don't think we've seen the local laws play themselves out entirely, because I think you're seeing an enormous amount of progress in Chicago, in New York, in other major cities around the country. And because I think we have been treating this as a public health problem and educating the public on the dangers of secondhand smoke, that that pressure will continue. As I said, if we can't provide these kinds of protections at the local level, which would be my preference, I would be supportive of a national law.

MODERATOR Have you been successful in stopping smoking?

WINNER I have. The -- you know, the best cure is my wife. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Is there anybody here who's in favor of a national law to ban smoking?

(Cross talk.)

LOSER I would ban -- yes. I would ban -- and all publicly, nationally. And one other point I want to make on this --

LOSER Three thousand kids start smoking every day in this country.

MODERATOR Okay. So Biden, Dodd, Richardson.

LOSER I did it in New Mexico as a national law.

MODERATOR Kucinich and Gravel.

LOSER Wait a minute. I've been breathing in a lot of secondhand smoke here tonight. (Cheers.) You bet I'll go for a national law. (Continued cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR All right. So Biden, Dodd, Richardson, Gravel and Kucinich in favor of a national law.

Alison, you're up.

LOSER Wait, wait, wait, and Edwards.

MODERATOR And Edwards.

KING Susan Renacle (sp) of Canaan, New Hampshire, the mother of two young adult sons, believes that the legal drinking age of 21 is counterproductive and unrealistic, especially, she says, because -- (interrupted by applause, cheers) --

LOSER (Laughs.)

KING -- especially because we trust people of this age to make life and death decisions in our military.

Would you as president remove the requirement that a state have a legal drinking age of 21 in order to receive federal highway funds, thereby returning the drinking age back to the states?

Senator Biden.

LOSER Absolutely no, I would not. You've got to calculate the cost here. The cost of alcoholism in America, the cost of accidents that flow from drunkenness, are astronomical. There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term.

Ladies and gentlemen, this is a gigantic problem, just like the drug issue. And the idea that we're going to suggest that it makes good sense to move the age down to 18 I find to be counterproductive. I would not do that.

And the last point I'll make is, presidents are supposed to lead. How do you go out and negotiate, use health care and the Social Security system as a negotiating tool to deal with the federal deficit? You're supposed to lead. You lay out what you want to do. You're not negotiating with yourself, you're negotiating to protect the system. And you can't use the system as a negotiating tool to get to a balanced budget any more than you can turn around and suggest that somehow lowering the drinking age to 18 is going to make anything better in America. Anything.

KING I'd like to hear from a few more of you on this, if you could keep it to 30 seconds. Senator Dodd.

LOSER No, I -- I agree with Joe on this. Look, the problems associated with alcohol are significant in our country. The evidence is overwhelming. And the idea that we're going to lower the drinking age, we know that in that age group here -- and again, you can -- we have significant statistics -- are that -- (inaudible word) -- 50,000 people lose their lives in automobiles every year in this country, many of them because of the use of alcohol.

But let me also add here as well on that smoking issue, because it is important and it's related -- with 3,000 young people starting to smoke every single day, one of the major causes of the health care issue, Tim, that you're raising earlier -- and Medicare -- is because of chronic illnesses associated with things like smoking. So the idea that we wouldn't draft a national law to stop this in public places is one of the things you're going to have to do if you're going to deal with rising health care costs -- (inaudible) -- and the same is true with alcohol.

KING Thank you.

Senator Richardson -- Governor Richardson.

LOSER No, I wouldn't lower it. In fact, at this moment, my wife is hosting in New Mexico with the surgeon general a forum on underage drinking.

I think what you need, though, is a dual approach. Yes, we need to have strong law enforcement against DWI, against so many other law- related issues, but you also have to have treatment. You have to have substance abuse treatment, you have to education, you have to have rehabilitation, and the federal government to the states is not providing the resources and the leadership that we need. So just as much we don't lower the drinking age, you have to have more of a national commitment to rehabilitation and to research.

We need to have more research for diabetes, for cancer, for stem cell research, for heart disease. We're a nation -- let me just make one final point.

We spend $6 billion on cancer research. That is two weeks of the Iraq war. That shows the mistaken priorities that we have in this country.

MODERATOR In the interest of time, is there anybody here, from Obama down to Gravel, who thinks we should lower the drinking age back to 18?

LOSER I think we should lower it to -- anybody that can go fight and die for this country should be able to drink. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Eighteen?

Kucinich -- Congressman Kucinich? You said yes.

LOSER You know, I think that not only about service, but we have to have confidence in young Americans. And a president who reaches out to them and talks to them about drinking responsibly is much better than a president who tells them, "Thou shalt not," because young people will do what they do, but they're looking for leadership from a president. I'm ready to provide that leadership.

Of course they should be able to drink at age 18, and they should be able to vote at age 16.

MODERATOR Obama, Edwards, Clinton are all no on 18?

WINNER No.

MODERATOR No.

LOSER What was the question?

MODERATOR Lower the drinking age to 18.

LOSER I would not.

MODERATOR Okay.

We're going to take a break and come back with our lightning round -- 30 seconds to answer each question.

LOSER (Chuckles.)

MODERATOR We'll be right back.

LOSER You never got to the real round.

LOSER (Chuckles.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back in New Hampshire.

Politicians spend millions of dollars on TV commercials, which last 30 seconds. We want to demonstrate to the American voters tonight that you can answer a question in 30 seconds. (Laughter.)

Here we go.

Senator Obama, you go around the country saying it's time to turn the page. Are you talking about the Bushes, the Clintons or both?

WINNER What I'm talking about is ending the divisive politics that we have in this country. I think it is important for us as Democrats to be clear about what we stand for. But I think we also have to invite Republicans and independents to join us in a progressive agenda for universal health care, to make sure that they are included in conversations about improving our education system and properly funding our public schools. I think turning the page means that we've got to get over the special interest-driven politics that we've become accustomed to. And most importantly it's important for us to make sure that we're telling the truth to the American people about the choices we face.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, if you are the nominee, it will be 28 years, from 1980 to 2008, where there's been a Bush or a Clinton on the national ticket. (Laughter.) Is it healthy for democracy to have a two-family political dynasty? (Laughter.)

LOSER I thought Bill was a pretty good president. (Cheers, applause.) And from my perspective, you know, the values that he acted on on behalf of our country, both at home and abroad, are ones that stand the test of time.

But look, I'm running on my own. I'm going to the people on my own. I think I know how to find common ground and how to stand my ground. And on all the issues that matter to America in the 21st century, I wish we could turn the clock back, but we can't. And we need to start with leadership that can deliver results and get us back to the values that make America great.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, do you believe that MoveOn.org has changed politics for the better?

LOSER I don't think they've changed politics.

MODERATOR Have they been a positive force in politics? (Laughter.)

LOSER Well, the -- on some things, yes. I mean, look, you can -- I don't think you can castigate them for the ad, I think. But the idea that I was initially told -- I'm going to get in trouble for this, but -- that the quote, "It's their party" -- they're part of the party. It's not their party.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, Alan Greenspan in his book wrote something that has not received any notice. He advocates raising taxes on gasoline $3 a gallon over the next 10 years because he said there is no way we will wean ourself off of gasoline-driven automobiles and convert to something else like Brazil, which uses sugarcane. Would you be in favor of a phased-in, $3-a-gallon gasoline tax?

LOSER No. And he said something else that didn't receive much notice. He said that the Iraq war was about oil -- something that I said on "Meet the Press," Tim, on February 23rd, 2003. I think that we need to make sure that the next president was right about Iraq, was right about the Patriot Act. You can have a president like that -- that was right about Iraq, who voted against it from the beginning, and against the funding. You can have a president who voted against -- who is for a single payer not-for-profit health care system, one who will stop the Patriot Act --

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER -- or you can have a president who's tall. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR Would anyone here raise the gasoline tax in order to wean America off of Middle East oil?

LOSER First off, let me qualify it. I would ask the Congress -- they don't do it -- but then I would empower the American people to do it, and that is to put a carbon tax on. If we don't do something drastic -- and we can get off of gasoline in five years, and we can get off of carbon in 10 years; all we got to do is want to do it. And to put a tax on gasoline permits politicians and bureaucrats to play favorites. You do it right at the lump of coal, and you do at the gas, and you do it at the oil, and then let it filter through the system properly.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you have --

LOSER I've advocated -- (inaudible).

MODERATOR Yes, you have a carbon tax. I have another question for you, however.

You have two daughters, 6 and 2. Christmas is coming. Would you favor a temporary ban on the importation of all toys from China until we are convinced that they're not coming into our country and harming our children?

LOSER if you promise not to tell my children, I will. (Laughter.) Certainly. Look, I advocated this some time ago here. We would shut down a company in this country in 20 minutes if they were using excessive lead paint, sending toothpaste and animal food to this country that was contaminated and causing great harm and danger to people here. The idea that the president would not suspend the importation of those products to our country I think was terribly wrong-headed. And certainly I would advocate that that be done until we have the guarantees of security. And beyond this issue, we ought to establish in this country, given the amount of products we now bring into this country offshore, that there is some sort of ability here to make some judgment about the safety and security of these products coming in, certainly before they leave their country. So I would certainly do that.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you were criticized by Jesse Jackson and others about your -- in their words -- tepid response about the situation in Jena involving civil rights difficulties in Louisiana. Should you have gone to Jena, Louisiana, in order to try to bring those communities together?

WINNER No, because I was in Washington at that time trying to bring an end to the war in Iraq, and that was something that was critical. The fact is that I was -- before any of the other candidates on this stage, spoke out with respect to Jena. I put out several strong statements, including ones prepared with Jesse Jackson's son, Congressman Jesse Jackson Jr. And, subsequently, I think Reverend Jackson acknowledged that. This is an issue that's not black or white. It's an issue of American justice. We've got to make sure the justice system works for every single person.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, if you're president of the United States you're automatically honorary chairman of the Boy Scouts of America. In light of that organization's position on sexual orientation, would you accept that position?

LOSER No, I wouldn't. Because I think, as president, I would commit myself, number one, that I will be a leader that prevents discrimination on the basis of race, gender and sexual orientation. I will also be a president that follows the Constitution of the United States.

I will also be a president that will bring back habeas corpus and the rule of law. I will also be a president that will shut down Guantanamo. I will also be a president that will follow the Constitution and not permit torture as a tool in our foreign policy. I will not eavesdrop on American citizens. And I will not go to war, unless I get the consent of Congress.

And there are still basic differences on the war. My plans ends the war, getting the troops out, and with all due respect to Senator Obama, Senator Edwards, Senator Clinton, what I heard tonight is that even in their second terms, they will not get the troops out. Therefore, the war will not end.

MODERATORSenator Obama?

WINNER You know, I'm happy to have this discussion again, Bill. I think it is important to tell the American people the truth. Now, military commanders indicate that they can safely get combat troops out at the pace of one to two brigades a month. That is the quickest pace that we can do it safely. I have said I will begin immediately and we will do it as rapidly as we can.

It is the same issue with Social Security, where the pretense is that somehow we can do this magically. We can't. I think it's important for the next president to tell the American people not just what they want to hear, or to tell our own base what they want to hear, but what they need to hear. They need to hear...

MODERATOR I've got to move on and give Senator Edwards a chance. Senator Edwards, you heard Alan Greenspan recommending raising gasoline tax. We do have a dependency on foreign oil which all across America people say we must become energy independent.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Would you be in favor of developing more nuclear power here in the United States?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR Period?

LOSER No. So that was less than 30 seconds.



MODERATOR Senator Obama, nuclear power?

WINNER I don't think that we can take nuclear power off the table. What we have to make sure of is that we have the capacity to store it properly and safely, and that we reduce whatever threats might come from terrorism. And if we can do that in a technologically sound way, then we should pursue it. If we can't, we should not.

But there is no magic bullet on energy. We're going to have to look at all the various options to reduce greenhouse gases and to put us on a path to energy independence.

MODERATOR Congressman?

LOSER Well, first of all, you know, I know a little bit about this because I actually blocked a nuclear dump in Ohio. And I was one of the few up here who actually spoke against having a nuclear dump in Nevada.

The truth of the matter is that nuclear power is very expensive, Tim.

LOSER They never factored in the cost of storage, which continues forever. I want to keep utility rates low by having a Works Green Administration, emphasis on solar and wind, drive down this energy curve of hydrocarbon consumption. And, finally, no more war as an instrument of policy. No more resource wars. We've got to make the transition away from oil, and that's what a Kucinich administration would do.

MODERATOR Nuclear power?

LOSER Not at all. The solution obviously is wind power. If we manufactured 5 million of these 2.5 meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation -- the entire nation. I'm talking about our transportation system.

Why don't we do that? We know the -- this is technology off the shelf. That's why I kept saying, we can get off of gasoline in five years; we can get off of carbon in 10 years.

LOSER All we've got to want is to do it. And it will take the American people, because they can't get that through the Congress.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you rule out expanding nuclear power?

LOSER No, but it would not be one of the options that I favor, unless, number one, the cost can get down for the construction and operation; number two, that we have a viable solution for the nuclear waste. I voted against Yucca Mountain. I've spoken out against Yucca Mountain. I think that recently the discovery -- there's an earthquake fault going under the proposed site at Yucca Mountain -- certainly validates my opposition. So there are a lot of very difficult questions. But we're going to have to look at the entire energy profile, in order to determine how we're going to move away from our dependence upon carbon-based fuels. And I will look at everything, but there are some tough questions you'd have to answer with respect to nuclear.

MODERATOR I want to move to another subject, and this involves a comment that a guest on Meet the Press made, and I want to read it, as follows Imagine the following scenario. We get lucky. We get the number three guy in Al Qaida. We know there's a big bomb going off in America in three days and we know this guy knows where it is.

MODERATOR Don't we have the right and responsibility to beat it out of him? You could set up a law where the president could make a finding or could guarantee a pardon.

President (sic) Obama -- would you do that as president?

WINNER America cannot sanction torture. It's a very straightforward principle, and one that we should abide by. Now, I will do whatever it takes to keep America safe. And there are going to be all sorts of hypotheticals and emergency situations and I will make that judgment at that time. But what we cannot do is have the president of the United States state, as a matter of policy, that there is a loophole or an exception where we would sanction torture. I think that diminishes us and it sends the wrong message to the world.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, would you allow this presidential exception?

LOSER No, I would not. And I met, up here in New Hampshire, with 17 three- and four-star generals who, after my making a speech at Drake Law School, pointing out I would not under any circumstances sanction torture, I thought they were about to read me the riot act.

LOSER Seventeen of our four-star, three-star generals said,

Biden, will you make a commitment you will never use torture? It does not work. It is part of the reason why we got the faulty information on Iraq in the first place is because it was engaged in by one person who gave whatever answer they thought they were going to give in order to stop being tortured. It doesn't work. It should be no part of our policy ever -- ever.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, this is the number three man in Al Qaida. We know there's a bomb about to go off, and we have three days, and we know this guy knows where it is. Should there be a presidential exception to allow torture in that kind of situation?

LOSER You know, Tim, I agree with what Joe and Barack have said. As a matter of policy it cannot be American policy period. I met with those same three- and four-star retired generals, and their principal point -- in addition to the values that are so important for our country to exhibit -- is that there is very little evidence that it works.

LOSER Now, there are a lot of other things that we need to be doing that I wish we were better intelligence; making, you know, our country better respected around the world; working to have more allies. But these hypotheticals are very dangerous because they open a great big hole in what should be an attitude that our country and our president takes toward the appropriate treatment of everyone. And I think it's dangerous to go down this path.

MODERATOR The guest who laid out this scenario for me with that proposed solution was William Jefferson Clinton last year. So he disagrees with you.

LOSER Well, he's not standing here right now.



MODERATOR So there is a disagreement?

LOSER Well, I'll talk to him later.



MODERATOR Well, that raises a question Which foreign policy decisions of the Clinton administration were you involved in or did you advise?

LOSER Well, I have always said that my husband and I started a conversation 36 years ago and it never stopped. So I was certainly involved in talking about a lot of what went on in terms of the president's decisions. But I know very well that the president makes the decision. Everyone in the White House is there because of one person -- the president -- including the spouse of the president.

Ultimately, the president has to sift through everything that is recommended and make her decision. What I believe is that it is the ultimate responsibility of a president to seek out a broad cross- section of advisers who will have different points of view and provide different perspectives, and that's what I intend to do, and that is certainly what my husband did as well.

MODERATOR Anyone else what to disagree with President Clinton on torture?

LOSER Yes, I do.

MODERATOR Go ahead, Senator Dodd.

LOSER Not that I disagree, but this was all part of the Military Commissions Act which was adopted last fall.

LOSER There were only a handful of us that voted against it at the time. And I've written legislation to overturn it. I'll offer no better witness here than John McCain, who said that during those terrible years he was incarcerated and tortured, he would say anything to those interrogators in order to stop the physical pain. So we need to reinforce the idea here; this is a dreadful way to collect information.

We need to do other things to make sure it happens. But walking away from international conventions, as we did with the Geneva Conventions to disallow the restrictions on torture, I think, is a mistake, and also to walk away from habeas corpus.

But leadership requires you try and do something about it. And I'm doing something about it by trying to get the Congress to overturn that legislation...

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, this is an exception to offer a pardon to someone or to do a presidential finding because it's someone who knows a bomb is going off...

LOSER No. I will do everything I can to fight terrorists. That's the main obligation of the American people. But that doesn't mean we become like terrorists and abridge our own freedoms. What the Bush administration has been using is called waterboarding. That is unacceptable not just with the Geneva Conventions, but in the spirit of our nation being a nation that respects human rights. That's not us. I would not permit it.

LOSER And, furthermore, I would not permit -- and here's another issue that I would like the Senate to take back -- the president of the United States has today unequaled authority to eavesdrop on American citizens, without a court order. The Congress needs to go back and rescind that.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER That is another abridgement that needs to stop.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Edwards, the exception?

LOSER The only thing I would -- I agree with what's been said. The only thing I would add is the problem is much bigger than this specific hypothetical illustrates. Because what's happened is, what America is has been undermined over the last seven years. And torture is a component of that, or the condoning of torture is a component of it. But it is only one component.

In addition to the torture, we need to be ending this war in Iraq. I will close Guantanamo, which I think is a national embarrassment. The idea that the United States of America would hold anybody without a right to a hearing undermines everything that we represent.

No more secret prisons. Not when I'm president of the United States.

And not only no more secret prisons; I will, the first day that I'm president, end the illegal spying on the American people.

LOSER Question, Tim, did you say pardon, as well?

I'd pardon the son of a gun, if I got an atom bomb.

MODERATOR That was -- that was the scenario that President Clinton laid out.

LOSER OK. Well, I would pardon -- I would not torture, but if I thought I'd get the hydrogen bomb this guy had planted, I'd say, Man, you're out. And then I'd figure out how he got taken care of later. But I would...



... I would pardon him.

MODERATOR So you would be in favor of...

LOSER I'd pardon him, not torture. Not torture.

MODERATOR No. It would be pardoning the person who...

LOSER Oh, did the torture. No, no, no.

MODERATOR Fair enough. All right.



Real fast -- 30 seconds.

LOSER I thought you meant pardon the...

LOSER Thirty seconds -- you're on my time.

The metaphor that we're using here is one that relates to, really, 9/11 and the terror that followed, and the politicization of fear which occurred in this society.

A Kucinich administration will be about strength through peace. No unilateralism, no preemption, no first-strike, using -- and a rejection of war as an instrument of policy.

So of course you'd use a pardon, but we have to remember, this Constitution has to be redeemed and this administration has took us down a -- really, a (inaudible).

I will not only restore the Constitution, but I want a new national security doctrine, strength through peace, that will make us safer, because the neo kind approach has made America less safe and more vulnerable.

MODERATOR I want to turn to politics and money. Senator Clinton, as you all know, you had to turn back $850,000 in contributions from Norman Hsu because of his rather checkered past.

Again, President Clinton said this, Now, we don't have to publish all our donors for the Clinton Foundation, but if Hillary became president, I think there would questions about whether people would try to win favor by giving money to me.

In light of that, do you believe that the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton library should publish all the donors who give contributions to those two entities?

LOSER Well, Tim, I actually co-sponsored legislation that would have sitting presidents reveal any donation to their presidential library, and I think that's a good policy.

MODERATOR And the foundation?

LOSER Well, it would be the same, because that's where the library comes from.

MODERATOR Until such legislation, would they voluntarily, the Clinton library and Clinton Foundation, make their donors public?

LOSER Well, you'll have to ask them.

MODERATOR What's your recommendation?

LOSER Well, I don't talk about my private conversations with my husband, but I'm sure he'd be happy to consider that.

MODERATOR Is there anyone here who doesn't believe that presidential libraries and presidential foundations should make public all their donors?

WINNER I just want to amplify on this issue. Because I think it's important not only that all this information is disclosed, but I also think that we need to have a situation in which we are disclosing the funneling of large donors.

And that is something that we were able to successfully do. I pushed it with Russ Feingold to make sure that large funnelers who were lobbyists were disclosed.

We are now in the process of presenting a bill where any large bundler has to disclose who they're bundling money from and who are they funneling it to. And I think that should be passed right away.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you mentioned candor with the candidate -- president with the American people. Your campaign has hit some obstacles with revelations about $400 haircuts, $500,000 for working for a hedge fund, $800,000 from Rupert Murdoch.

Do you wish you hadn't taken money in all those cases or hadn't made that kind of expenditure for a haircut?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think if you look at my entire life, I am proud of what I've spent my life doing. I'm not perfect. There's not a single person on this stage who's perfect, but I came from a family.

I was born into nothing. I was brought home to a two-room house in a mill village. I have spent my entire life fighting for the kind of people that I grew up with. They worked in the mill with my father. And I don't apologize for the fact that I have worked hard and built a life which I hope will make life easier for my children. I'm proud of that. I'm not ashamed of that.

And I am proud of having stood up for the people that I grew up with. It's what I have done my entire life. I did it for 20 years as lawyer. It's what I've done every minute that I've been in public life.

It is the reason that I've been going around the country helping organize workers into unions. It is the reason we started a College for Everyone program for low-income kids. It is the reason Elizabeth and I started an after-school program for kids who otherwise would have no chance to go to an after-school program, having access to technology.

I'm proud of what I've done with my life, and I do not apologize for it.

LOSER And I do not apologize for it.

MODERATOR But the hedge fund, as you know, had subprime mortgages, many of which defaulted in the Katrina area. If you had to do it all over again, would you not have taken that money?

LOSER But look at what I've done. Look at what I've done.

MODERATOR I'm...

LOSER No, wait a second. You asked me the question.

MODERATOR The specific example.

LOSER Please let me respond.

MODERATOR Specific example.

LOSER Look at what I've done. When that issue came up in New Orleans, what I did is went to ACORN, an organization I had worked with in New Orleans, and we actually set up a fund to help people whose homes were being foreclosed on in New Orleans.

I helped raise the money for that fund. Elizabeth and I made a big contribution to it ourselves, because we feel -- I feel a personal commitment to help families whose lives have been devastated. It's why I have made central to my entire campaign the issue of poverty in America.

And I am perfectly happy to have anybody in America, any voter in New Hampshire, any voter anywhere in this country judge me based on what I've done in my life.

MODERATOR Before we go, there's been a lot of discussion about the Democrats and the issue of faith and values. I want to ask you a simple question.

Senator Obama, what is your favorite Bible verse?

WINNER Well, I think it would have to be the Sermon on the Mount, because it expresses a basic principle that I think we've lost over the last six years.

John talked about what we've lost. Part of what we've lost is a sense of empathy towards each other. We have been governed in fear and division, and you know, we talk about the federal deficit, but we don't talk enough about the empathy deficit, a sense that I stand in somebody else's shoes, I see through their eyes. People who are struggling trying to figure out how to pay the gas bill, or try to send their kids to college. We are not thinking about them at the federal level.

That's the reason I'm running for president, because I want to restore that.

MODERATOR I want to give everyone a chance in this. You just take 10 seconds.

Senator Clinton, favorite Bible verse?

LOSER The Golden Rule Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. I think it's a good rule for politics, too.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER The most important thing in life is love. That's what empowers courage, and courage implements the rest of our virtues.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER I carry that with me at every debate, this prayer from St. Francis, which says, Lord, make me an instrument of your peace, and I believe very strongly that all of us can be instruments of peace. And that's what I try to bring to public life.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER It appears many times in the Bible, What you do onto the least of those, you do onto me.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER The Sermon on the Mount, because I believe it's an issue of social justice, equality, brotherly issues reflecting a nation that is deeply torn and needs to be heal and come together.

LOSER The Good Samaritan would be a worthwhile sort of description of who we all ought to be in life.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER Christ's warning of the Pharisees. There are many Pharisees, and it's part of what has bankrupted some people's view about religion. And I worry about the Pharisees.

MODERATOR I want to thank you all for your answers this evening.

I want to ask Allison King for one more question. This, after all, is New Hampshire. She wants to ask you about baseball.



KING For many here, in New England, the answer to this next question may be the most important one you answer tonight.



Red Sox or Yankees?

Governor Richardson?





LOSER What is it now, Bill? Come on.

LOSER Red Sox, because Manny Ramirez is back. The Red Sox will win the penant and they will win the World Series.



KING Senator Clinton?

LOSER You know, I've got to take exception to this. Cleveland Indians won the central division, 92 victories -- they're going to the World Series.



Hi, mom.



KING Senator Clinton, where are you on this? Red Sox or Yankees?

LOSER Well, I hate to say it in front of this New Hampshire crowd -- I'm a Yankees fan. Have been for a long, long time.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton, what a bout a World Series -- Yankees and Cubs?

LOSER Well, you know, I've worried about that because I think, given the Cubs' record, which of course, I hope it happens, but it could very well be a sign of the coming apocalypse, were that to ever occur.



It would be so out of history that you would have the Cubs versus the Yanks. Then I'd be really in trouble.

MODERATOR But who would you be for?

LOSER Well, I would probably have to alternate sides.



MODERATOR Spoken like a true sports fan.

Senator Gravel, Yankees, Red Sox?

LOSER I'm from New England. I was born in Massachusetts. Do you have to ask that question?

MODERATOR Edwards?

LOSER Red Sox.

MODERATOR Obama?

WINNER Sox, but the wrong color. I'm a White Sox fan all the way.



MODERATOR Dodd?

LOSER Sox. And tomorrow night you're going to be hosting a debate in Red Sox nation.MODERATOR Yes.

Biden?

LOSER Who's going to be the president of Red Sox nation? We all want to tune into that one.

MODERATOR Biden?

LOSER I was raised in Scranton, Pennsylvania, by a grandfather, if you weren't a Yankees fan you didn't eat. Yankees.

MODERATOR Thank you all.

Thank you voters of New Hampshire and all across the country for watching the Democratic candidates tonight.

And thank you, Dartmouth.

Our thanks to New England Cable News, Dartmouth College. The broadcast re-airs tonight, 1 a.m. Eastern on MSNBC. If you want to see the Republican candidates in a similar setting, NBC will bring you the debate from Dearborn, Michigan, October 9th. I'll see you this Sunday on Meet the Press.

From Hanover, New Hampshire, good night.


MODERATOR Before beginning, we want to thank all of you for having accepted coming to this presidential forum. In the name of the millions of Hispanics and Latin Americans who are seeing this, thank you very much.

We're going to start with a question. The first question is for Senator Barack Obama. Why do you consider it important to participate in this presidential forum? Do you consider that participating in a forum run in Spanish and addressed specifically to Hispanic voters is a political risk for you?

WINNER Well, I don't think it's a risk, I think it's an opportunity, because all my life has been devoted to building coalitions between people to get things done. That's what I did as a community organizer when I first moved to Chicago, was working with persons in the African-American community, Latino communities, white communities, who had been dealing with steel plants that had closed. And communities had been devastated, and they came together to set up job-training programs for the unemployed, and after-school programs for youth who were dropping out, and that continued throughout my career.

The fact is, is that the Latino community in the United States not only is the fastest-growing minority group, but it also embodies the best of American aspirations upward mobility, opportunity, family and community. And my hope is that rather than see the kind of divisive politics that we've been seeing lately coming out of the immigration debate and that we've been seeing in some of the Republican forums that have been taking place, that all of us recognize that we will be stronger as a nation when we include everybody, and particularly the Hispanic community, in the political conversation. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Clinton. Senator Clinton, do you consider that there's a political risk in participating in this forum?

LOSER Oh, not at all. I'm very proud, as a senator from New York, to represent such a dynamic and vibrant Latino community. And so I see this as part of the ongoing forward progress of America. We have been a nation of immigrants, and we are a country that has welcomed people. And I hope we will continue to do so. Certainly I'm running for president in large measure because I believe that we have to bring our country together and we have to have respect for one another.

And I hope to be able, as president, once and for all, to deal with the immigration issue.

But for me, this is not only an opportunity, it's a privilege to be here at the University of Miami, in a state that is one of the most exciting places in our country and to speak directly about the issues that affect not only the Latino community but all Americans and to speak also about what we need to do to strengthen and deepen our relationship with Latin America. So I thank Univision for this opportunity to be here. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, why did you consider it important to participate in this forum?

LOSER For the same reasons that they just stated, obviously. (Laughter.) It is a great opportunity.

But I do want to take my time to give my condolences to the Soriano family. Armando Soriano was recently killed in Iraq, and his father is about to be deported. I think there's something basically wrong with that situation. (Applause.)

Let me point out, I'm first-generation American. My parents came here like many of your parents, and I spoke French before I could speak English as a child. And my parents carved out -- my dad was very humble, didn't have a third-grade education, but he was able to work and prosper in this country, and so I honor anybody that comes to this country as an immigrant, because we're all immigrants. There's been nobody else but the Indians in this great land. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, it is a risk for you to be here?

LOSER I think it's a great honor to be here, an extraordinary privilege.

You know, I grew up in a small town in North Carolina, and my dad worked in mills all his life. And we went to that town so that my father could work hard and try to build a better life for myself and my -- my family, just as millions of Latino families are trying to do today. In fact, that small town is now half Latino, in rural North Carolina. And those Latino families that came to Robbins, North Carolina, came there for the same reason my father came there to work hard, support their families and try to build a better life for themselves and their children.

But they're up against huge obstacles. Just a few months ago, I was in Canton, Mississippi, as part of a poverty tour, and I met with poultry workers who worked in a poultry plant in Canton, Mississippi. And one of them was a man named Daniel who had been badly hurt on the job. And because of his injuries, he wasn't able to work. And when he asked about trying to get health care or workers' compensation, the first question they asked him was, "What's your

immigration status?" This is a perfect example of what's wrong with Washington and why the government is not working for the American people, and not working for Latino families. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator (sic) Kucinich, millions of Hispanics here in the United States speak Spanish. Would you be willing to promote Spanish as a second national language of the United States?

LOSER Yes.

When I was mayor of Cleveland, I made it a point to reach out to our Hispanic community in the city of Cleveland. And before that, 40 years ago, when I was a candidate for city council, it was the involvement in the Hispanic community that proved to create the circumstances for my election. So I have a deep understanding of the economic issues that people deal with.

And I want to say that when you asked about the risk here, we're not taking any risks. But think about the fact that 34 percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance. They're taking the risk. And so my plan, which is H.R. 676, is a way of assuring that the risks that people do take every day in their life, they don't have to take anymore.

So for me, this is who I am. It's part of my career to stand up for Latinos, to have the opportunity to represent them at every level of government. I'm not new to this community. I've been working with it for 40 years. Thank you. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We're speaking right now as -- would you promote -- Senator Dodd, would you promote Spanish as a second national language in the United States?

LOSER Well, let me take advantage of the question. Certainly promoting greater understanding in language in this country -- it's, I think, a source of some collective embarrassment that we Americans don't speak enough languages, that we always think the rest of the world has to understand English. I'm proud of the fact that -- (speaks Spanish). I understand that we need to encourage more language training in the country.

I believe that the common language of our country is English, but that we ought to encourage and support those who are not English speakers to be able to enjoy the benefits and opportunities of these country.

You asked the question earlier whether or not this was a risk to be here. The issue of empowerment, I think, is critically important. The mere fact that we're having this forum here today is the empowering to the community of this country, the 44 million Hispanics that recognize as a result of this forum that they're invited to be very much a part of the political process of this country, and I strongly support that. For 40 years I've been involved in it, cared deeply about it, and would do everything I could as president to enhance and expand it. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor, I think it's clear for all of us that English is our common language, but the question is Would you be willing to promote Spanish as a second national language -- not a first language, but a second national language?

LOSER I -- I'm very proud, first of all, to be the first Latino -- major Latino candidate to run for president. (Cheers, applause.) And I want to say that I think any way that this country can promote diversity is critically important.

You know, language is important, but you know, Latinos are always asked these questions. Latinos care about civil rights and immigration, but we care about all issues. We care about health care, about the war in Iraq. We're mainstream. And I do want to say at this point that I was under the impression that in this debate Spanish was going to be permitted because I've always supported Univision all my career, but I'm disappointed today that 43 million Latinos in this country, for them not to hear one of their own speak Spanish -- (applause) -- is unfortunate.

In other words, Univision has promoted English only in this debate. (Applause.) (Speaks Spanish.)

MODERATOR The rules that the seven candidates have accepted for this debate is that everyone is going to communicate in English, and everything would be translated into Spanish. Thank you very much. (Applause.)

Representative Kucinich, the next question is for you. A recent conducted by the Pew Hispanic Center reveals that two of three Hispanics believe that the U.S. should withdraw from Iraq. Under what circumstances would you consider the mission accomplished so that our troops could return?

LOSER Our troops need to be brought home now, and I have submitted a plan to do just that. (Cheers, applause.) Remember, I'm the only one on this stage who actually voted against the war and who voted a hundred percent of the time against funding the war and who presented a plan four years ago to get out of Iraq. (Cheers, applause.)

We need to -- here's the plan.

Number one, we have to end the occupation, bring the troops home, bring the contractors home. We have to have a simultaneous plan where we reach out to the nations, like Syria and Iran, to form a multinational international peacekeeping force that moves in as our troops leave so there's no vacuum.

And also, we have to have a program of reconstruction and rehabilitation and reconciliation, and we have to stop trying to steal Iraq's oil.

This is the way that we can take steps towards trying to achieve peace -

-(applause) -- bring those troops home now, and I'm the only one up here who four years ago showed the judgment that was necessary, that people expect of a first executive, in not going to war based on lies. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, the same question. At what time would you consider that the mission has been completed or accomplished, so that the troops can come home?

WINNER Well, first of all, I think Dennis will acknowledge that I was a strong opponent of the war, as Dennis was. And I thought at that time that this was a bad idea, that it was going to cost us billions of dollars and thousands of lives and would not make us more safe. And it hasn't made us more safe. And the president now is trying to present an argument that somehow

because there has been some impact as a consequence of 30,000 troops in Baghdad, that that has brought about any movement on the political front. At this point, I think everybody is aware there will be no military solution to what's happening in Iraq. The question is, are we going to be able to bring about a political accommodation? I've had a bill in since January that would begin bringing our troops home in a responsible, careful way. And it is my belief that if the president continues on this course, we are going to continue to have the same problems that we've had.

So I'm calling on Republican congressmen and legislators to overturn the president's veto of a timetable. We need to start that process. And has been said earlier, we've got to initiate the kind of diplomacy where we talk to all the parties in the region, both inside Iraq as well as outside of Iraq, to make certain that all the factions recognize it is their interest to stabilize Iraq. And that is going to require a president who is willing to engage in the kind of bold personal diplomacy and talk to all people that I have committed to, as president of the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Your time is up. Thank you.

LOSER Could I get a chance to respond -- (off mike) -- who characterized my position?

MODERATOR Unfortunately, the question is for Senator Edwards. Senator Edwards, if General Petraeus has indicated that there was some success of these troops, would you still be in favor of withdrawing Iraq (sic) in a few months?LOSER I'm absolutely in favor of America leaving Iraq. What I'm concerned about, about the Petraeus report, is that it will be basically a sales job by the White House, that it'll be a PR document -- (applause) -- because that's what we've continually gotten from this administration, throughout the course of the war.

And it will be focused on this benchmark or that benchmark than whether some minor progress has been made on one particular benchmark.

The underlying question that has existed the entire time that we've been in Iraq is, have the Sunni and Shi'a moved toward some sort of serious political compromise? Because without that compromise, there cannot be peace or stability in Iraq. It cannot happen.

And I think we know the answer to that right now. The answer to that question is there has been no political progress. In fact, the Iraqi parliament went on vacation for three or four weeks while American men and women were putting their lives on the line in Iraq.

Here's what I believe. I believe no political progress means no funding without a timetable for withdrawal. And if the president vetoes a bill that has a timetable for withdrawal, the Congress should send him another bill with a timetable for withdrawal and continue to do it until he's forced to start withdrawing troops. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, the same question For the -- in the next few days, we'll have a report from General Petraeus. If the troop surge has had partial success in Iraq, would you still withdraw from Iraq?

LOSER I was against the surge when it was first proposed. And I believe that nothing which General Petraeus or Ambassador Crocker or anyone

else coming before the Congress will say next week will in any way undermine the basic problem There is no military solution. That has been said for years now. And that is why I believe we should start bringing our troops home.

That however does not in any way suggest that our young men and women in uniform have not performed magnificently and heroically, because they have. (Applause.) They were asked to do what they do best, which is to try to provide some amount of stability or security to give the Iraqi government the time and space to do what the Iraqis must do. Unfortunately despite the heroism of our American forces, the Iraqi government has not reached any kind of political reconciliation. Therefore we need to quit refereeing their civil war and bring our troops home as soon as possible. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Richardson, what would you do with the troops?LOSER What I would do with the troops is I would bring them all home -- every one of them. And you know, there's a fundamental difference that I raised in the last debate with Senator Obama, Senator Clinton, Senator Edwards. Under their plans, under their website, they leave either 25 or 50 or 75 troops behind. I'd bring them all home within a period of time of six to eight months, because our troops have become targets.

You can't bring reconciliation to Iraq, or an all-Muslim peacekeeping force or a partition, without getting all our troops out. Our kids are becoming targets. They are dying -- the last three months, the highest total. Iraqis are dying.

And I -- there is a basic difference between all of us here that I mentioned, involving, what do we do about leaving troops behind? Some say they want to leave combat troops behind. They don't want to leave them --

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

LOSER I'd like an answer, because this is a fundamental issue about the conduct of American foreign policy in Iraq.

And there is a basis --

MODERATOR Thank you very much. (Applause.)

The next question is for Senator Gravel. Osama bin Laden just reappeared in a video warning that the U.S. is vulnerable still. Just two days away from the sixth anniversary of 9/11 the question is this What would you do that hasn't already been done to capture bin Laden, which hasn't (been) done previously?

LOSER Well, the first thing that you would do is to realize that terrorism is not a war. Our war on terrorism makes no sense. We've had -- (interrupted by applause) -- we've had terrorism since the beginning of civilization, and we'll have it to the end of civilization. It must be treated as a criminal act for what it is. The United States of America should now interface with Interpol and with other countries to bring these people to justice, but our government has done just the opposite. We had the help of Iran to do away with the Taliban three years ago, then we called them an "Axis of Evil." We had the help of other countries, and now they do -- our government doesn't need them. We have a database of 7 million stolen passports at Interpol and it's headed up by an American, and not one American intelligence agency has

ever accessed that database. We can't even put the dots together here little more than can we do it globally.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

We want to go to Senator Dodd. The question The question isn't that in the past things haven't been done right, but what would you do differently to capture Osama bin Laden -- something that hasn't been done?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think in this debate about the forces in Iraq -- what time they come out, how many come out, and when they come out -- the underlying question is the safety and security of our country. We're running for the presidency of the United States. The first obligation and job of an American president is to keep this country safe and secure.

I would argue that today presently our troops in Iraq are doing just the opposite of that. We're more vulnerable, less safe, more insecure today as a result of the presence there because we've turned Iraq into an incubator for jihadists and terrorists.

And so it's important, I think, that we do begin that process. And I'll strongly support in the coming days efforts here to terminate that participation based on firm deadlines.

Then we ought to be taking those resources and putting them into Afghanistan here so that you have a serious effort here to go after Osama bin Laden. We failed to do that. As we (went ?) into Iraq here, we lessened our participation in Afghanistan, and as a result, we've seen the resurgence of the Taliban and the reemergence of Osama bin Laden.

If we focus our attentions there, return there, then I think we can make a huge difference and apprehend Osama bin Laden and also rebuild the coalitions necessary to have the kind of cooperation to deal with international terrorism that we're not getting today because of our military -- continued military participation in Iraq. I think that's the danger. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Now we're going to go to another topic, and we're going to go to the important subject of immigration. We're going to go to Senator Obama. None of the 9/11 terrorists entered the U.S. through the Mexican border. Why build a wall there in the name of national security on the Mexican border and not on the border with Canada? (Cheers, applause.)

Senators -- I would like to mention that Senator Obama, Clinton and Dodd approved and voted in favor of the wall. Now you, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, I have been a consistent champion of comprehensive immigration reform. And keep in mind that my father came to this country from a small village in Africa because he was looking for opportunity. And so when I see people who are coming across these borders, whether legally or illegally, I know that the motivation is trying to create a better life for their children and their grandchildren. And that's why in the state legislature I championed efforts to make sure that we could incorporate and bring people into the political process and to have access to the resources that would give them a better life, and the same thing has been my cause since I've been in the United States Senate. So I was one of the leaders, along with several other senators,

in passing comprehensive immigration reform the year before last out of the Senate. It failed in the House.

That is going to involve some elements of border security because we've got to make our borders more secure. We can't just have hundreds of thousands of people coming into the country without knowing who they are.

It also means, though, that we have an employer verification system that works, and it means that we provide a pathway to citizenship for the 12 million undocumented workers who are already here. And that is something that I have championed, and that is something that I will pass when I am president of the United States; we will begin working on it the first year.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

Senator Clinton, you also voted in favor of the wall. Why on the Mexican border and not on the Canadian border?

LOSER Well, actually, I do favor much more border patrolling and much more technology on both of our borders, and in certain areas, even a physical barrier, because I think we've got to secure our borders. That has to be part of comprehensive immigration reform.

I have championed comprehensive immigration reform, and it includes starting with securing our borders in order to give people the support they need to come over and support us when it comes to having a pathway to legalization. We all know that this has become a contentious political issue. It is being demagogued, and I believe that it is being used to bash immigrants, and that must stop.

The Republican candidates need to understand that they are doing a great disservice to our country. We want to work in a bipartisan way, insofar as possible, to have comprehensive reform -- employer verification, more help for local communities so that they can pay for schooling and hospital and other expenses that they have to bear because of the immigration crisis. And the federal government needs leadership, and I will provide that as president.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Thank you. (Applause.)

Now, Senator Dodd, why did you vote in favor of the wall? Why not in Canada?LOSER Well, listen, I underscore the same points here. Obviously, any debate about immigration has to include security here. The American people feel strongly about it.

But I would argue that while there may be a place periodically to have security along that border that include some fence, it's also important that we understand the underlying reason why people emigrate, and we're not focusing enough attention on that.

We need to be dealing with our neighbor, Mexico, far more cooperatively. For 26 years, I've chaired the interparliamentary meeting with Mexico -- either been the chair or the co-chair of it. This is an ally, this is a friend, this is a neighbor. We need to be talking about the economic conditions which exist in Central America and elsewhere that drive people from their homes to seek an opportunity for their families. We need to have trading agreements and economic agreements that can lift people up and not continue to depress them, depriving

them wages and working conditions that would allow them to live in their countries not have to emigrate and come to this country. (Applause.)

So in addition to the security issues there, we're downsizing the guest worker program, making employers who knowingly hire undocumented workers pay a far greater price. We need to be far more cooperative and understand the underlying reasons that provoke immigration in the first place. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Let's take a pause and then we'll return with more of this defeat on Univision, and we'll talk more about immigration. We'll be back in a moment. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We continue from the University of Miami in this presidential -- Democratic presidential forum. Several questions we're doing for this forum have been proposed by users of univision.com. we've received 13,000 question. One's from -- (name inaudible) -- from Long Island. The question If you become president, by what date would you begin working on immigration reform? Would you commit to do it in your first year?

Senator Kucinich.

LOSER First of all, a Kucinich administration will build relationships between nations, not walls. We need to move forward with an America that remembers where we came from, and that is -- immigration reform has to be central to it. That means there must be a path to legalization, because there are no illegal human beings. (Cheers, applause.) We have to start looking at our policies, which are aimed at separating people.

Everyone here understands that the immigration acceleration occurred after the passage of NAFTA. I've said one of my first acts in office will be to cancel NAFTA and the WTO and go back to trade based on workers' rights. And then we have a new trade agreement with Mexico, a trade agreement that strengthens America and Mexico and strengthens the rights of workers to organize and collectively bargain.

Our immigration is connected with a number of different policies with respect to the fear that this administration's trying to drop across this country. We need to unite America and we need to protect workers' rights while we do it. Remember the Statue of Liberty. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR The same question, we're going to ask, about immigration to all the candidates. Would you commit during your first year of the presidency, to immigration reform?

Governor Richardson.

LOSER Yes, I would do it my first year.

I want everybody to look at the Statue of Liberty. This symbolizes freedom, diversity and that we're a nation of immigrants.

MORE This is what we need to do in immigration my first year.

One, yes, more border security, technology at the border.

Number two, a stronger relationship with Mexico and Central America, to create jobs so that flow doesn't come here.

Third, enforce the law. Those that knowingly hire illegal workers should be punished.

But what is fundamental is a path to legalization, a path to citizenship for the 12 million that are in this country that just want to make life better for the families.

This wall is a horrendous example of Washington misguided policy. Congress only funded half of the wall. And in addition that, if you're going to build a 12-foot wall, you know what's going to happen?

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER A lot of 13-foot ladders. (Laughter.) This is a terrible symbol of America. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, now your time to respond.

LOSER The answer's yes, I would commit to do it, not just in my first year, but at the beginning of the Edwards administration. I think the president of the United States has a responsibility to do something about this hugely important issue for America and for 40 million Latinos who live in America and 13 (million), 14 million who are undocumented.

You know, it's interesting to me. When you walk into a Blockbuster to -- to rent a movie, you don't see anybody, but you hear a voice saying, "Welcome to Blockbuster." We can figure out when somebody's walking into a Blockbuster. It seems to me we can figure out when somebody's coming into the United States of America, and especially if we use the technology that's available to us. And I think that's what the focus should be on -- more Border Patrol, better use of technology, as absolutely a path to -- to earn citizenship for those who are living here and who are undocumented.

But we also have to get at the underlying causes of the migration from Mexico, which means addressing the issue of poverty, education, health, the reason that so many are coming to the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

Senator Gravel, your question. In your first year?

LOSER Immediately. But secondly, I think we need to understand that the whole national immigration issue is national scapegoating. It's national scapegoating because we have our failures in education -- (applause) -- we have failures in health care, every place you turn we have -- our society is crumbling around us. And so we want to find somebody to scapegoat, blame it on them.

I am embarrassed at the thought of building a wall on the southern border. (Cheers, applause.) Embarrassed. And I want to tell you, you don't know the fence that's in Canada. You don't -- I just recently went to Canada. I went into Canada, it took me three seconds. Coming out took two hours. Two hours in line to get back into our country. Something is wrong.

We need to stop scapegoating people. People come here because they want to feed their families because they're starving in other locations. We need a foreign policy that addresses the entire Western Hemisphere in this regard. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, immigration reform the first year?

LOSER Absolutely. And I think there are three different aspects of this. Number one, we do need to work with the Congress to get legislation that is comprehensive. I am proud to work with my friend, Senator Menendez, on trying to make sure that in the process of doing immigration reform, we don't separate families, we try to have family unification as one of the goals. So in addition to giving people a path to legalization, we want to make sure their families can come along with them.

Number two, there does have to be an intensive effort with our friends to the south to see how the United States can once again be a partner, a partner with a relationship based on mutual respect, where we work together to find ways that we can help them address the needs of the people living in the countries to the south.

And finally, we have to educate the American people about why immigration, as important as it was when my family came through into Ellis Island, it is just as important today.

So I will take on each of those challenges and in my first year begin to address immigration successfully. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, the same question.

LOSER Well, I agree, obviously, it's a priority issue. And again, I want to underscore the point that's been made here by several people, needs being repeated. The politics of fear are the most dangerous politics in our country. (Applause.) And those people who deal with fear and frighten the American people on this issue ought to be dealt with accordingly here. We need a positive, constructive idea.

I mentioned already the underlying reasons. I've been involved, as a member of the United States Senate for 26 years, chairing the committee dealing with Latin America. I understand the issues. We're allowing Hugo Chavez to become -- winning a public relations battle in Latin America, because we don't invest enough and care enough about people who are suffering in this part of the world. (Applause.)

We have $1.6 billion for all of Latin America; we'll spend $500 billion in Iraq, for a nation of 25 million people -- a fraction of that could make a difference in Latin America. That's the underlying cost that we need to be dealing with on these issues. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR And finally, to be fair, so everybody has the opportunity to talk about immigration reform, Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, I have already committed that I would work in my first year to get this done, because I think it is a priority not just for the Latino community, I think it's a priority in terms of getting the United States on a pathway of progress and unity and prosperity over the long term.

Many of the points that have been made, I think, are critical. Making sure that we are investing in our relationship with Mexico so that people in Mexico feel as if they can raise a family and have a good life on the other side of the border is going to be critical; making certain that we have strong border security is important; a pathway to citizenship is something that I've been committed to since I came to the United States Senate.

One other thing, though, that I think has not been mentioned -- and I've been working with my dear friend and colleague Congressman Luis Gutierrez on this -- is we've got to fix a broken immigration system not just for the undocumented but for legal immigrants. Because the backlogs are horrendous, the fees have been increased and doubled and tripled, and as a consequence more and more people are having difficulty just trying to reunify their families even if they're going through the legal pathways, and that puts more pressure on people to go into the illegal system. That is something that we've already got legislation to work on; that is something that we're going to try to pass even before I'm president.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. (Applause.) The next question is for Senator Gravel. Some 60,000 families have been separated in federal raids, and more than 5 million children have been born in the United States to undocumented parents. If you reach the presidency, would you be willing to suspend the raids?

LOSER Totally. I think it's abominable that they go out and do these raids, separate families. (Applause.) Stop and think -- all these people want to do is earn enough money to feed their families, whether they send them money back home or they bring their families here. If we made it easier for them to go back and forth on the borders, you wouldn't have this problem.

Here again, our trade practices -- CAFTA and the other, NAFTA -- they have caused more unemployment in Mexico and Central America than they have in this country. That is wrong. We need to change that approach. Can we? I question whether the Congress can. I think that the answer lies with the American people. I think if the people in this country had the ability to make laws, bring them into the operation of government, to vote for policies directly, then we would begin to see some national solutions to these particular problems.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Gravel. (Applause.)

Governor Richardson, the same question. Would you stop the raids?

LOSER Yes, I would, because it shows that -- the fact that a dysfunctional relationship between the Congress and the president caused the breakdown of a potential compromise. Now we have to wait till 2008 and 2009, and these raids are ineffective, they're a symbol of what's wrong with a broken immigration policy.

I also object to the fact of dehumanizing immigrants. You know, when the media pictures them crossing the border, swimming across a river, doing something like jumping a fence -- why don't they depict the Latinos that today are fighting for America in Iraq and are dying for this country, or the Congressional Medal of Honor winners? (Applause.) And I object to the dehumanizing of people that are part and that want to be part of an American dream.

So it's not just the question of legislation, it's a question of leadership, of being a president that says that we are going to have comprehensive reform. Yes, we need to deal with securing our borders, but it also involves an earn legalization plan that allows men and women not to split their families --

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER -- they have an ability to stay in this country.

MODERATOR Thank you. (Applause.)

We didn't want to ask all the questions, so from univision.com they're still sending questions. This from Jorge Ramos.

Do you believe Americans will work on a farm 10 hours in 105- degree weather for only 8.50 per hour? He would like to know if undocumented immigrants are necessary for the U.S. workforce?

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Well, first of all, we should be proud of the fact that because we've had so many workers come into this country who deserve a path to earn citizenship and who are working to support their families have made America richer, culturally more diverse, and they are in fact performing jobs that, in some cases at least, would be difficult to find others to perform. So for that reason they're -- they are an important part of our economy, and I do believe they're an important part of our economy.

But the other thing that we need to do is not just recognize the economic benefits of these workers, but understand in many cases they are being abused, they are being taken advantage of, their rights are not being protected. And it is enormously important that we have comprehensive immigration reform so that those who in fact are working 10 hours a day in 105-degree heat have the same sort of worker rights that other Americans have.

They are no less human, and no less value as human beings, and they deserve those same rights, which is why there needs to be a comprehensive immigration reform and path to earn citizenship. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator (sic) Kucinich, are undocumented immigrants necessary?

LOSER Well, first of all, we have to understand why so many people came north of the border to seek work. I talked earlier about the connection between NAFTA, trade and our immigration policies. When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs. They were told their wages were going to go up. Wages collapsed in Mexico.

Now, there were many corporations north of the border who were ready to receive a supply of cheap labor. We understand that.

So what I'm saying -- of course we need to provide people a path to legalization. But if we do not -- if we do not look at NAFTA while we're looking at immigration, we're going to keep having the same problems.

That's why I say my first act in office will be to cancel NAFTA, our relationship with the WTO, go to trade that's based on workers' rights, human rights and environmental quality principles. A new trade agreement with Mexico that has those principles will help workers in Mexico, help workers in the United States, create conditions where we finally gain control of our economic destiny again. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Clinton, the negative tone of the immigration debate has left the country polarized and has created certain racist and discriminatory attitudes towards Hispanics, including legal residents and citizens of Hispanic origin. What would you do to curb anti- Hispanic, anti-Latino sentiment in particular?

LOSER Well, I think this is a very serious problem, and as I said earlier, there are many in the political and frankly in the broadcast world today who take a particular aim at our Latino population. And I think it's very destructive. It undermines our unity as a country. It is unfair to so many of the millions -- hardworking Latinos that I know, that work for me. My campaign manager is a Latina. And I will do everything I can to stand against this. I'll speak out against it, as I have as a senator. I will speak out against, as I have running for the presidency.

There was a particularly egregious example of that in the House- passed bill last year. When the House passed a bill, they tried to criminalize anyone who helped an illegal immigrant, anyone who gave them medical care, any church that opened up to give them food at a dinner or breakfast. And I said that I would have criminalized the Good Samaritan. It would have criminalized Jesus Christ.

We have to say no, we are a nation of immigrants --

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER -- and we will respect and treat one another with dignity. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Obama, the same question. What can be done to curb this anti- Hispanic sentiment?

WINNER You know, when Cesar Chavez was engaging in a hunger strike in California, it was at the same time that Martin Luther King was involved in the sanitation strike on behalf of sanitation workers in Memphis. And Dr. King sent a telegram to Mr. Chavez, and he said, our separate struggles are one. Our separate struggles are one.

And I think that that is what's been missing from presidential leadership, is explaining to the American people from all walks of life that our separate struggles are one.

Part of the reason that the fear-mongering that's been taking place has been successful is because there are a lot of American workers who feel that there has been no attention paid to their diminishing situation. They feel like they're losing jobs, they feel like they're losing health care, they feel like they're falling behind and their children won't have a better future.

So a president has to not only speak up forcefully against anti- immigrant sentiment and racist sentiment, but also has to make sure that all workers --

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

WINNER -- are being tended to. And that's something I'm committed to doing as president of the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

The same question, Senator Edwards. There's an anti-Hispanic sentiment in the United States. How can you curb that?

LOSER Well, I think having a president of the United States who actually believes that it's enormously important to move this country forward, that will unite America, instead of seeing what we've seen with this president, who uses absolutely every tool available to him politically to divide the country.

That needs to be brought to an end, and -- (interrupted by applause) -- I am -- I am committed as president of the United States to standing up for Latinos, for standing up for African Americans in this country, to standing up for all those who need someone to speak for them. You know, my own view about my party, the Democratic Party which I love dearly, is our party is at its best when we speak for the poor, the disenfranchised, those who are disadvantaged, the disabled. And I think when we lose our ability to speak out loudly, passionately and forcefully for those people we lose our soul, and we cannot lose our soul. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Now, if you like, let's talk about Latin America. You all know an anti-American sentiment as well as the number of governments leaning to the left in Latin America has increased in the last decade.

To Senator Dodd, does -- to -- Governor.

LOSER Well, what I would do is -- for one, I would pay attention to Latin America if I'm president. This president does not.

Number two, we've got to fix the immigration issue. That is central not just to Mexico but Central America.

Number three, we've got to deal with the Cuba issue. What we need there is possibly start lifting the embargo but only -- (applause) -- after Fidel Castro releases political prisoners and their democratic freedoms. Then we need to have -- I would have a new alliance for progress with Latin America like John F. Kennedy that would improve contacts in renewable energy, and microlending, and human needs. I would try to associate myself, too, as an American with Democratic populous movements like that are taking place Brazil,

in Argentina, in Chile, but most importantly recognize that what happens in Latin America is key to America's future. A kid here in Miami has more contact and more opportunities in Latin America than anywhere else.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator -- thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

Also, another question for you, Senator Dodd. What will you do with Latin America?LOSER Well, Jorge, look, we have neglected Latin America for these last six years here. I'm old enough to remember when Richard Nixon's car was stoned in Caracas, Venezuela, in the late 1950s.

And then, two years later, we elected an American president whose photograph still hangs in many huts and hovels from the Rio Grande to Tierra del Fuego.

We need to re-engage once again here. I mentioned earlier, we're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the 500 billion we've spent there. We need to engage with the hopes and aspirations of people in this part of the world. The Good Neighbor Policy of a Franklin Roosevelt, the Alliance for Progress that Bill talked about -- re-engage, reconnect again with the hopes and aspirations of people in this part of the world.

Expand the Peace Corps. I was a Peace Corps volunteer in the Dominican Republic back in the 1960s. What a difference it makes. It's a fraction of itself today. Sending young people, senior volunteers to once again reconnect with the people of this part of the world.

We shouldn't, as I said earlier, be losing public relations battles to Hugo Chavez. We have more to say to the hopes and aspirations of people in Latin America than Hugo Chavez does if we engage directly, and I will as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Since you mentioned Hugo Chavez, this question is for Senator Edwards. Is Hugo Chavez a dictator? If he continues to be friends -- enemies of the U.S. like Iran and Cuba, would you end relations with Venezuela, or would you stop buying oil from Venezuela?

LOSER Well, the starting place is one of our problems with our relationship with Venezuela and one of the problems with Chavez's basis for power in Venezuela is they have a very heavily oil- dependent economy. The United States of America unfortunately helps feed that oil-dependent economy and the power base for this dangerous leader.

I think actually what America should be doing is having a policy throughout Latin America that instead of being ad hoc, which is what we've seen under this president, either disengaged or bullying, one of the two. That's what Latin American countries have seen from the United States of America. That is the reason that Chavez can be so effective in bringing others in Latin America to surround him when he demonizes the United States of America.

If instead America was a force for good in Latin America, for example, making education available to millions of children who have no education, helping stop the spread of disease, the simple things like sanitation and clean drinking water, helping with economic development, microfinance, microlending,

to make hope and opportunity available to millions of people in Latin America, it would pull the rug out from under a man like Hugo Chavez. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Gravel, the same question. Do you consider Hugo Chavez a dictator? Would you break relations with him?

LOSER No, not at all. In fact, I would reach out to him. Do we forget that on a weekend our CIA tried to depose him? Do we forget that? And of course -- so, is he an enemy? No, he's not an enemy. We've created him as an enemy. We're doing the same thing with Iran. What's the difference if Chavez deals with Iran? We hope that a lot of countries begin to interchange their leadership and begin to think about the globe as one entity. There's nothing wrong.

The same thing with Fidel Castro. Why can't we recognize Cuba? Why -- what's the big deal, after 25 years -- (applause) -- that these people 125 miles from this country are discriminated against? It makes no sense at all.

We need to open up our arms to all nations and treat them as friends, not start looking for enemies. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

This is the chance to speak about Cuba now. Senator Clinton, what do you think would happen in Cuba without Fidel Castro? And what role would the

U.S. play after his death or in that transition?

LOSER Well, the Cuban people deserve freedom and democracy, and we're all hopeful that that can be brought about peacefully. It appears as though the reign of Castro is reaching an end. We don't know what will follow Fidel Castro, but we need to do everything we can to work with our friends in Latin America who are democratic nations, with the Europeans and others, to try to bring about a peaceful transition to democracy and freedom for the Cuban people.

Now, that requires that we work with the entire hemisphere. You know, in 1994 I remember being here in Miami when my husband hosted the Summit of the Americas.

At that time, there was only one anti-democratic, anti-American leader in the hemisphere, namely Castro. Look at what we face today because of the misguided, bullying policies of this president. So let's reverse it and get ready for freedom in Cuba! (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Senator.

Senator Dodd, the same question. What would Cuba be like without Castro? And what's the role of the United States?

LOSER Well, a very important one, and the transition is already occurring, I would suggest to you here. You don't have to wait for it to happen. The question is whether or not we're going to sit on the sidelines or be a part of this transition here.

Certainly what we've done over the last 50 years I don't think has worked. Fifty years of this policy, of the embargo has basically left the same man in power, the same repressive politics, an economy that's been failing in the country. He has been using that as an excuse for his own failures. As president of the United States, I would begin to unravel that embargo. I would lift travel restrictions, so Cuban Americans can go visit their families. (Cheers, applause.) I would be lifting the restrictions on remissions -- (still get back ?).

We need to engage in a constructive and positive way. This is hurting us as well throughout the Americas here. Our ability to engage the rest of this hemisphere is directly related to our ability to engage intelligently in this transition. It takes new, bold leadership to do this. We need to understand that the hopes and aspirations of the Cuban people are as important as anything to us. We need safety and security; we need not fear Fidel Castro. We need to understand it and be part of the transition to make a difference for that country as it is occurring. (Applause.)

MODERATOR The next question is for Representative Kucinich. Polls show that education is the main concern for Hispanics. One out of three Hispanic students does not finish high school. What can you do to curb this tendency, which endangers to some point the future of the productivity of the Hispanic community?

LOSER There is a serious link between diminishing opportunities for education and poverty later on in life. And when you speak and you identify that one out of every three Hispanic children is at risk, it points to the challenge for our nation. I would do this.

First of all, to institute a universal prekindergarten program so that every children aged 3, 4 and 5 would have access to full day-care and prepare them for the primary schools.

Secondly, I would fund that with a 15 percent cut in the bloated Pentagon budget. We understand that the -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- where are you going to get the money? You know, the minute that you start talking about funding education people say, "How are you going to pay for it," but the fact of the matter is, the money's there, we have to put the emphasis on where we get it. It begins with funding elementary and secondary education by reorganizing the No Child Left Behind Act, and it also means having free college for all American young people because we have the resources to do it. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER What do we stand for if we don't stand for the education of our children. (Continued cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER What do you think? Should we have free college?

MODERATOR Thank you. (Continued (cheers, applause.)

Senator Obama, please respond also. What do you think you could do to curb the Hispanic dropout rate?

WINNER Well, keep in mind this is not just a crisis for the Hispanic community; this is a crisis for the entire country because increasingly the workforce is going to be black and brown, and if those young people are not trained, then this country will not be competitive.

Dennis has mentioned something that's very important. Closing the achievement gap involves making sure that children are prepared the day they come to school, and so working with at-risk parents and poor children to make sure that they're getting their childhood education they need is absolutely critical.

Another thing that's very important in the Latino community in Chicago and all across the country I've seen are crumbling school buildings or children learning in trailers because of overcrowding. So we've got to have a program of school construction all across the nation. After-school programs and summer school programs can make an enormous difference in preventing dropout rates because a lot of times young people after they get out of school have no place to go, have no place to do their homework, don't have much guidance. And that, I think, can make an enormous difference.

And finally, I think that it is important for us to pass the DREAM Act -- (applause) -- something that my colleague Dick Durbin and I and others have been working on for a very long time, so that those children who may be undocumented because of decisions by their parents still have an opportunity to pursue a higher education. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, do you think that bilingual education would help with dropout rates among Hispanics and young immigrants?

LOSER Of course it would. I'm a strong supporter of bilingual education. I'm also very proud that my secretary of education, Veronica Garcia, is here with me. This is what I would do as president.

One, preschool for every child. You have to get the kids before they're 4.

Full-day kindergarten.

Science and math. We are behind. We're 29th in the world in science and math in K through 12.

But a fundamental shift has to happen in the federal role in education. It's called No Child Left Behind. I would scrap it -- (cheers, applause) -- because this is what it does it hampers bilingual education. It hampers -- it hampers English-learning kids. What it also does is, it does little to help that dropout rate of one out of every two Latinos not getting through high school.

What we also need to do is find universal education, a DREAM Act for college students. And I have a plan that deals with college loans in exchange for partially paying off college loans, one year of national service for this country.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We're going to take a brief commercial break, and then we'll continue with this Democratic presidential forum from the University of Miami. We'll be right back. (Announcements.)

MODERATOR We continue with this debate only in Spanish.

And we're going to the next question, and this is a question for all the candidates. More than 40 million Americans lack health insurance. Among them are 13 million Hispanics, one in every three.

Let's start with Senator Obama. Why is it so difficult to make health care accessible to everyone in the world's richest country?

WINNER It shouldn't be. And it's wrong. You know, my mother died of ovarian cancer when she was 53 years old. And I remember in the last month of her life, she wasn't thinking about how to get well, she wasn't thinking about coming to terms with her own mortality, she was thinking about whether or not insurance was going to cover the medical bills and whether our family would be bankrupt as a consequence. That is morally wrong. It's objectionable.

It's disproportionately affecting the Latino community, but it's affecting people all across the country. And that's why I put forward a comprehensive legislation for universal health care so that all people could get coverage. My attitude is, is that since you are paying my salary as taxpayers, you should have health care that is at least as good as mine. (Cheers, applause.)

And the -- the key to that -- (applause continuing) -- is not only a good plan, but we've also got to overcome the drug company lobbies, the insurance company lobbies, that spent -- (cheers, applause) -- $1 billion over the last 10 years to block reform. As president, I am going to take them on. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Richardson, regarding this issue, you would resolve this in one year. How would you do it, exactly?

LOSER I would pass it in one year. It would take two or three years to implement. This is what I would do. Every American -- black, brown, white, yellow, rich or poor -- this is fundamental -- everyone should have access to the best possible health plan.

Number two, no new bureaucracies. Number three, we also have to share. Everyone shares in my plan. Number four, if you have a health care plan and you're satisfied with it, you can keep it. But we need to have everyone accessible to the best congressional plan, which everyone here has.

We also have to lower Medicare from 65 to 55 and over. For all veterans I would give veterans a Heroes Health Card, and they could get their health care anywhere they want. What I also want to do is focus early on prevention, on cancer research, stem cell research, autism, heart disease. (Applause.)

But we've got to start with kids. We've got to get rid of junk food in schools. We have to have healthy breakfasts for every child, mandatory physical education. We have to start early. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

Senator Dodd, would your plan include -- your plan would include undocumented. That's even more ambitious. How would you extend this health care to them?

LOSER Well, it has to be here. This is again a matter of just basic rights in my view here. Not to provide health care for undocumented workers is not only wrong for them. It's dangerous for the country as well. And so my plans include the undocumented workers as part of health care. I also ban discrimination against pre- existing conditions. It's universal and covers the other points here that my friends here have all talked about. (Applause.)

But let me also make the point to you, this. I'm the author and wrote the Family and Medical Leave Act. It took me seven years, three presidents and two vetoes, and 50 million Americans today have family and medical leave in this country. (Applause.) Donna Shalala knows. We worked together to make that happen when she first came in. (Cheers, applause.)

And I will -- my point to you here is this, that we can have these plans we're talking about, but they need to have leadership in the country that knows how to bring people to get it done here. We can all talk about these ideas, but no one party is going to decide these issues. It's going to take political leadership that's able to build these coalitions, as I've done over my 26 years in the Senate, on early childhood education, on child -- on education and on health questions, bringing people together, Republicans and Democrats, to get at long last a national universal health care system in America. We deserve it, no less than that.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Senator Clinton, as first lady, your attempt to establish universal health insurance failed. What did you learn so you can be successful the next time?

LOSER Well, I am very proud that we tried to provide universal health care to every American back in 1993 and 1994, and -- (applause).

I learned a lot from that, and I'm going to be presenting a plan next week that will be universal. It will cover everyone, and it will make it clear that we as a rich nation with the values that should be the best in the world will once and for all make it absolutely positive that everyone will have health care.

Now it's not only about the 47 million uninsured. Millions of insured Americans don't get the health care they paid for. We have a lot of people who -- (applause) -- all of a sudden their child needs an operation and the insurance company won't pay for it. I had an NYPD detective, a Latino with a very important job in the New York City Police Department, call me up distraught because the insurance company wouldn't pay for his two-year-old daughter's, you know, operation. It just brought tears to my eyes.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER Well, we're going to make it clear that there will be no parent who ever is told no when it comes to getting health care for their children. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, you've said that your medical bills led you to bankruptcy. How would you apply your personal experience in your plan?

LOSER And very simply recognize that we have to provide a system where everybody is treated equally, and that's a voucher system. You would sign up for a voucher, you would not pay for it; they would give you the choice of five insurance plans, and the insurance companies would not determine what the care you'll get. They'll compete on the basis of administration, and I've expanded it to include Dennis's government plan, so you can either choose that or five other plans.

But the difference between the voucher plan, which gives you freedom to pick a doctor, pick a hospital, is different from all the others because they're financing their plans via business enterprise. And there's no reason why businesses in this country should have to carry the cost of health care. It disadvantages them in the world competitive market. It makes no sense. You're given the choice of either a job or health care, but you'll never get both.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards, must we raise taxes in order to provide health care for Americans?

LOSER I do not believe you can have universal health care for free. There are some who I think will make that argument. I don't think it's the truth. My own health care plan, which was the first one in this campaign and I'm very proud of it -- comprehensive, requires coverage for everybody everybody -- costs $90 (billion) to $120 billion a year. And I pay for it by getting rid of Bush's tax cuts for people who make over $200,000 a year. (Cheers, applause.)

But if -- but if I can, I want to go back to your original question, which was, why don't we have universal health care? There's a very simple reason Because Washington is broken. There are some who would argue that the way we'd have universal health care is we sit at the table with drug companies, insurance companies, and their lobbyists, and we negotiate with them.

My view -- and you would -- should give them a seat at the table. My view is, if you give drug companies a seat the table, they'll eat all the food. (Applause.) What we have to do is, we have to take these people on, take them on directly, change this system. You cannot defend this system and bring about the change that we need for universal health care for every man, woman and child. And that's exactly what I intend to do as president. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

And finally, Mr. Kucinich, everyone talks about the health care problem, recognizes that there are problems, but no one can fix it. What is the problem?

LOSER I've introduced a bill, H.R. 676, to provide for a universal, single-payer, not-for-profit health care system called Medicare for All. That's the solution.

Now let me explain something to the people who are here and who are watching. This debate about health care is a fake debate in this campaign, because all of these candidates are -- are not telling the American people that what they're talking about is maintaining the present system, where you have insurance companies controlling the system, and you are still stuck with premiums, co-pays and deductibles. Everyone knows that insurance companies make money not providing health care, and everyone knows that as long as we're stuck with this system, where insurance companies make $600 billion a year out of spending that ought to go directly into health care, we're not going to get the care we need.

I'm the one person on this stage who's ready to challenge the insurance companies and the hold that the pharmaceutical companies have on our political system with a not-for-profit health care system.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, thank you.

LOSER It's either health care as a right or health care as a privilege, and I stand for the people. Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Many people are losing their homes in the United States, Senator Clinton. One out of every 12 Hispanics will lose their home because of the mortgage crisis. What's the role of the federal government to play to ensure that the American dream is not lost?

LOSER Well, this is a serious problem for all Americans, but it's particularly serious for Hispanics, because, as Jorge said, unfortunately about 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages. And given what's happening in the market, if the federal government does not step in and take steps to prevent foreclosure, millions of Americans and many Hispanics will lose their homes.

So I think we have to do several things. We've got to have some intervention by the federal government. My friend Chris Dodd is the chair of the important Banking Committee in the Senate; he's working to try to come up with some solutions that we'll be able to get through the Congress which I support. A number of us have ideas. But we've got to get a time-out, we've got to try to persuade the mortgage companies and the banks to slow down their march toward foreclosure, give people a chance to renegotiate their loans. Maybe they can rent instead of own. We've got to get the federal government, the Federal Housing Administration and what are called Fannie Mae and Fannie (sic/Freddie) Mac, two other federal government organizations, involved in trying to make this happen. But we must move, because otherwise, we'll see millions of people out on the street, and we've got to stop that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

Senator Obama, what's the role of the government of the United States to keep people from losing their homes?

WINNER Well, I think it is absolutely critical that we step in and work with financial institutions that gave these loans, oftentimes under false pretenses. And part of the problem of the whole subprime lending market is that we did not have enough regulation of this market, we didn't have adequate disclosure. I meet families all across the country that thought they were getting a low interest mortgage and did not realize that unless their home prices kept on going up they could end up losing their home, and that's a failure of regulation. And that's something that we have to work on prospectively. I've got legislation called the STOP FRAUD Act that basically requires the kinds of disclosure that should have been in there in the first place.

But in the meantime, I think that we've got to work with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and we may need to take a portion of the profits of some of the financial institutions that made billions of dollars on these -- preying on people because they didn't give them the right information. We need to take some of that money and make certain that people have a chance to refinance their home or least get bridge loans --

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

WINNER -- so that they can sell their homes without losing everything that they've had. (Applause.)

MODERATOR To finish, what would each one of you consider to be the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the United States?

We go to you, Governor Richardson.

LOSER Latinos are the heart, I believe, of American mainstream. The biggest contribution has been the political leadership of individuals like Henry Cisneros and Gloria Molina. Henry Cisneros I always thought would be the first Hispanic president.

I am of the view that Latinos can make a difference in this presidential election.

Forty-three million of us all around the country can decide not just what is best for Latinos but what is best for America, in crucial states like Florida, like California, like Nevada, like New Mexico. But we are growing as a community in states like Arkansas. The fastest-growing community there is Latino.

So the greatest contributions we can make -- and I made that point about dehumanizing Latinos. The American military, today the most Congressional Medal of Honor members have been Latinos. And I say that because I hate the dehumanizing of our people.

And we must recognize that Latinos today are such a key part of American commerce --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- American education. We're part of the American mainstream.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER We should not be put in a box.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. Thank you. (Applause.)

Senator Dodd, the same question. What's the greatest contribution of the Hispanics in the United States?

LOSER Well, I think the contribution is broad-based here. I think we make a mistake if we try to pigeonhole people here at all. The contribution of an Hispanic ought to be whatever their ambitions and aspirations may be. To be a doctor, to be a teacher, to be a good parent, to be involved in all the aspects of our lives.

This is a wonderful opportunity today of empowering the Hispanic community in this country by just what Univision is doing here, participating for the first time in this presidential debate here. Letting people know they can be directly involved in whatever their ambitions and dreams may be. That's the uniqueness of America, that you can dream and your dreams ought to be able to come true. Regardless of your ethnicity, regardless of where you're from, you ought to be able to fulfill whatever that dream and ambition is, and Hispanics ought not to be denied any of those opportunities because of their ethnicity in our country. (Applause.)MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Gravel, the same question.

LOSER I think that the great contribution that the Latino community makes is their culture. They come to this country and imbue us with a greater breadth of human understanding, of human appreciation in all cultural aspects.

I would hope that they'd realize that as a unit, as a people who coalesce around one thought, their interest, that they would realize the importance of empowering themselves to be able to make laws, so that they can vote directly on all the issues that affect their lives and not rely upon us who are on this dais. We have limited power even if we get elected president of the United States.

What really counts is the power that you have as a cohesive group of people, and you are qualified. You're as qualified to vote on all the policy issues that affect your life as the leaders of this country. Go to nationalinitiative.us. You can vote to empower yourself. The legislation is there for the taking. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Gravel.

Senator Edwards, what's the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the U.S.?

LOSER I think the Hispanic community has contributed to this country in every conceivable way. And I think it would be a mistake to identify one way that they have contributed. They've been extraordinarily patriotic, serving this country in Iraq and other places. They've added and strengthened, added to and strengthened the American economy. They've added to the richness and depth and diversity of America and American culture through music and every conceivable way.

All those things make America better. They make America stronger. And the truth is I am running for president of the United States because I came from nothing to having everything in this country, and I didn't get here by myself. My country was there every single step of the way for me, and I want to be the president of the United States who makes sure America's there every single step of the way for every single Latino in the United States of America. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Representative Kucinich?

LOSER This gathering today reflects the power of unity, which is an important part of the awareness and the consciousness of Latinos in the United States. And with that power of unity comes the expression of culture and language that shows our country and reminds us of where we came from, our first motto "E pluribus unum," "Out of many, one." It is that imperative of human unity which Latinos remind us of that helps connect us with all of humanity.

When we remember how Cesar Chavez stood among the farm workers and told them, "Si, se puede," we were told that this was not only about farm workers; this was about all people, everywhere, empowering themselves. And Latinos have led the way to that kind of understanding, on that awareness that helps to unlock the power of the human heart. And that's the power that I intend to bring into the White House. Thank you. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Obama, the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the United States?

WINNER You know, I think right now the Latino community's greatest contribution is its belief in the future, its belief in this country.

You know, I remember going with Luis Gutierrez to a naturalization service or a workshop in Pilsen/Little Village area in -- in Chicago.

And just seeing families together who are working hard, who are trying to raise families, all with these American flags, trying to make sure that they can lay the groundwork for a better future for their children and their grandchildren, that is an enormous gift, and it's a reminder of what this country has always been about, which is brick by brick, you know, people putting the work in required to make sure that the next generation is able to achieve its dreams. And I think nobody exemplifies that more than the Latino community, and because of the energy that it brings to economy and our democracy I think we can be assured that America's future is going to be bright.

So I thank Univision for setting up this forum, and I thank the Latino community for its faith in America. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Clinton, the greatest contribution of Hispanics in this country?

LOSER Well, of course there are Hispanic-American families that have been in this country for 500 years, so I think it's important to realize that from the very beginning before America was a nation Hispanics were

contributing, and that has continued right up to the present moment. And there isn't any one way to describe it because it is about all of us. There is as much variety as among the Latino community as there is among Americans in general. There is commonality in terms of values and this faith in the future.

But when I look at the Latino community today, I see leaders in religion and in the military and academia and the professions and sports and entertainment.

Every part of our society is the richer because of these many contributions from millions of Latinos. And I am very proud to have worked with over the years so many Latinos who believe, as I do, that our task in America is to continue to make our country what is was meant to be -- to keep faith with the past in order to create a future worthy of our children. And so I thank all of you for taking your time to watch this program, and I look forward to earning your support in this presidential campaign.

Thank you all very much. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Now we've come to the end of this first presidential forum broadcast exclusively in Spanish. We'd like to thank all of you candidates. Thank you for having been with us in this first presidential forum broadcast exclusively in Spanish by Univision. We heard from you from the BankUnited Center from the University of Miami. We've heard the candidates. If you're a citizen, register and vote; make your voice count.

Before we finish, we want to clarify that Univision News -- we have absolute journalistic independence, and our invitation stands to candidates of the Republican Party to participate in a forum just like this one, exactly the same, in Spanish.

Thank you for joining us on this historic evening. Remember that you have the opportunity to change history. Thank you from the University of Miami, and thank you for watching Univision. Good night. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this special edition of "This Week." We're back here at Drake University in Iowa for the first Democratic presidential debate in Iowa. It's been sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee. All of our guests here have been invited by the Iowa Democratic Party, and all eight Democratic candidates are here.

The podium order was determined by lot, but here's where they stand in Iowa, according to our latest ABC News poll.

At 27 percent, Illinois Senator Barack Obama. New York Senator Hillary Clinton is at 26 percent, as is former North Carolina Senator John Edwards, also at 26 percent. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson is at 11 percent. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware is at 2 percent, along with Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich, also at 2 percent. Connecticut Senator Chris Dodd is at 1 percent. And former Alaska Senator Mike Gravel, no support registered.

Candidates, welcome.



(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Not so bad, Senator Gravel. Maybe it'll go up after today.

I'm joined here in the questioning by David Yepsen of the Des Moines Register, and we want to cover a lot of ground today. We want to cover the economy, health care, education, and of course the war.

But let's start with the two questions that have really been dominating this race so far. I think Democrats across the country are struggling with these questions. It comes up in the dialogue between your campaigns.

And the first one is Is Barack Obama ready to be president, experienced enough to be president?

And can Senator Clinton, Hillary Clinton, in part because of your experience, bring the country together and bring about the kind of change that all of you say the country needs?

MODERATOR Senator Biden, you stepped into this last week. You told Newsweek magazine that Senator Obama is "not yet ready" to be president.

Senator Clinton, is he right?



LOSER Well, George, I was going to say good morning...



... and, as soon as I wake up, I'll answer your question.



You know, I'm running on my own qualifications and experience. It's really up to the voters to make these decisions.

And I'm excited because I have a campaign that is growing in support, because we do need to make big changes. And I've set big goals for my presidency. I want to have universal health care and move toward energy independence and do what we need to do in education and reform our government, and, of course, end the war in Iraq.

So I think we have a great group of candidates. You don't have to be against anybody. This is a great problem to have. You can choose who you're for.

And I hope people will choose to be for me based on my experience, my qualifications and my plan for the future as to what I will do as president.

MODERATOR But, Senator Clinton, you did tell the Quad City Times that Senator Obama's views on meeting with foreign dictators are naive and irresponsible. Doesn't that imply that he's not ready for the office?

LOSER Well, George, we had a specific disagreement, because I do not think that a president should give away the bargaining chip of a personal meeting with any leader, unless you know what you're going to get out of that.

It takes a lot of planning to move an agenda forward, particularly with our adversaries. I think the next president will face some of the most difficult international dangerous threats and challenges that any president has faced in a very long time.

LOSER We're going to have to mend fences with our allies. We're going to have to deal with global warming. We're going to have to get back on the track of trying to prevent nuclear proliferation -- and so much else.

So I think that, when you've got that big an agenda facing you, you should not telegraph to our adversaries that you're willing to meet with them without preconditions during the first year in office.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you've called Senator Obama's views confusing and confused, dangerous and irresponsible. Do you think he's ready to be president?

LOSER Well, again, I'd certainly underscore the point that Senator Clinton has made here. The point I'd make on that, when I disagreed with my colleague from Illinois, was about the issue of whether or not a speech, a prepared speech, which suggested here a hypothetical situation and a hypothetical solution here -- that raised serious issues within Pakistan.

As I pointed out before, the only person that separates us from a jihadist government in Pakistan with nuclear weapons is President Musharraf. And, therefore, I thought it was irresponsible to engage in that kind of a suggestion here. That's dangerous. Words mean something in campaigns.

And so I think it's an important distinction to make here. We're asking Democrats across the country to choose amongst us here who is best able to lead.

The experience, the background, the demonstrated success in dealing with both domestic and foreign policy issues are critical questions. You're not going to have time in January of '09 to get ready for this job.

You've got to be ready immediately for it and bringing back the experience over the years to deal with these issues, as I have, both on the Foreign Relations Committee, dealing with every major foreign policy debate -- sitting there working with children and family issues over the last quarter of the century -- I think demonstrated a background and an experience and ability with proven success to deal with the issues...

MODERATOR Senator Biden, it seems like your colleagues here don't want to reach the judgment that you've made. Why isn't Senator Obama ready?

LOSER Look, I think he's a wonderful guy, to start off, number one. It was about Pakistan we were talking about. The fact of the matter is, Pakistan is the most dangerous, potentially the most dangerous country in the world. A significant minority of jihadists with nuclear weapons. We have -- and I disagree with all three of my friends -- we have a Pakistan -- we have no Pakistan policy; we have a Musharraf policy. That's a bad policy. The policy should be based upon a long-term relationship with Pakistan and stability.

We should be encouraging free elections. There is an overwhelming majority of moderates in that country. They should have their day. Otherwise, they're going to go underground.

MODERATOR But Senator Biden, you did go beyond talking about Pakistan. You were asked Is he ready? You said, "I think he can be ready, but right now I don't believe he is. The presidency is not something that lends itself to on-the-job training."

LOSER I think I stand by the statement.

LOSER You know, I think that Senator Obama does represent change. Senator Clinton has experience. Change and experience With me, you get both.





And you know, my point -- and, here, we're going to need change to become energy independent. We're going to need experience to deal with foreign leaders, as I have.

LOSER You know, it's interesting. You talk about the dispute between the two senators over dictators that -- should we; should we not meet?

I've met them already, most of them. All my life I've been a diplomat, trying to bring people together. This campaign is...

MODERATOR Is Senator Obama ready?

LOSER Senator Obama represents change and he's an enormously fresh voice in the political process.

MODERATOR Your answer?



WINNER Well, you know, to prepare for this debate, I rode in the bumper cars at the state fair, and...





But, George, I don't actually see that much difference or people criticizing me on the substance of my positions. I think that there's been some political maneuvering taking place over the last couple of weeks.

I do think that there's a substantive difference between myself and Senator Clinton when it comes to meeting with our adversaries. I think that strong countries and strong presidents meet and talk with our adversaries. We shouldn't be afraid to do so.

We've tried the other way. It didn't work.

I think that, if we have Osama bin Laden in our sights and we've exhausted all other options, we should take him out before he plans to kill another 3,000 Americans. I think that's common sense.

So there's one other thing that I believe.

WINNER And that is that we should describe for the American people both in presidential debates, as well as president, what our foreign policy is and what we're going to do. We shouldn't have strategic ambiguity with the American people when it comes to describing how we're going to deal with the most serious national security issues that we face.

And it is my belief that we need a fundamental change if we're going to dig ourselves out of the hole that George Bush has placed us in. And that's going to require the kind of aggressive diplomacy -- preparation, yes, but aggressive diplomacy, the personal diplomacy of the next president -- to transform how the world sees us. That us ultimately going to make us safer.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, one of the areas that -- one of the things that Senator Obama just talked about is that he thinks that some of your differences aren't as great as people have said.

Your campaign criticized Senator Obama after he made a comment ruling out the use of nuclear weapons against Al Qaida, yet, here's what you said last year when asked about Bush administration reports that they might use tactical nuclear weapons in Iran. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER No option should be off the table, but I would certainly take nuclear weapons off the table. And this administration has been very willing to talk about using nuclear weapons in a way we haven't seen since the dawn of the nuclear age. I think that's a terrible mistake.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR So Senator Obama rules out using them against Al Qaida. You rule out using them against Iran. What's the principal difference there?

LOSER Well, George, you've got to put it into context. I was asked specifically about what was, very clearly, an effort by the Bush-Cheney administration to drum up support for military action against Iran.

LOSER Combine that with their continuing effort to try to get what are called bunker-buster bombs, nuclear bombs that could penetrate into the earth to go after deeply buried nuclear sites.

And I thought it was very important. This was not a hypothetical, this was a brushback against this administration which has been reckless and provocative -- to America's damage, in my opinion.

So I think there's a big difference, and I think it's a difference that really goes to the heart of whether we should be using hypotheticals. I mean, one thing that I agree with is we shouldn't use hypotheticals. You know, words do matter.

And this campaign, just like every other things that happens in the United States, is looked at and followed with very great interest. And, you know, Pakistan is on a knife's edge. It is easily, unfortunately, a target for the jihadists. And, therefore, you've got to be very careful about what it is you say with respect to Pakistan.

MODERATOR Do you accept that distinction?

WINNER There was no difference. It is not hypothetical that Al Qaida has established base camps in the hills between Afghanistan and Pakistan. That was acknowledged in the national intelligence estimates. And every foreign policy understands that.

No military expert would advise that we use nuclear weapons to deal with them, but we do have to deal with that problem.

And so, this is part of what I think Americans get frustrated about in politics, where we have gamesmanship and we manufacture issues and controversies instead of talking about the serious problem that we have, a problem that this administration has made worse and that our invasion of Iraq has made worse, but a problem that the next president is going to have to deal with. And the American people deserve to hear what we're going to do.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, is there a difference or not?

LOSER How about a little hope and optimism? Where did it go? You know, I listened to this debate, and this is what I hear.

LOSER First of all, I think we have a clear path for America and for our friends on Iran, which Senator Clinton just spoke about. And that path is to work with our friends in Europe to put up a choice between carrots and sticks on the table for the Iranian people. Because there is a division between the Iranian people and their radical leader, Ahmadinejad. There's no question about that. We can take advantage of that. We should take advantage of that, drive a wedge between the two.

In the case of Pakistan, the truth of the matter is Musharraf is not a wonderful leader, but he provides some stability in Pakistan. And there is a great risk, if he's overthrown, about a radical government taking over.

They have a nuclear weapon. They're in constant tension with India, which also has a nuclear weapon, over Kashmir. I mean, it's a dangerous, volatile situation.

But the last thing I want to say about this is it's not shocking that -- first of all, I think Senator Obama is entitled to express his view. And it's not shocking that people who have been in Washington a long time criticize him when he comes along and expresses his view.

LOSER I think his view adds something to this debate, and I think he ought to be able to express it.

MODERATOR But is he right or wrong?

LOSER On which issue?

MODERATOR The one I just asked, was there a difference between Senator Clinton and Senator Obama on this issue.

LOSER I personally think, and I would as president, not talk about hypotheticals in nuclear weapons. I think that's not a healthy thing to do. I think what it does for the president of the United States is it effectively limits your options. And I do not want to limit my options, and I don't want to talk about hypothetical use of nuclear weapons.

I would add to that that I think what the president of the United States should actually do, beyond stopping bunker-buster nuclear weapons, which this administration's moving forward with, is what America should do and what I would do as president, is to actually lead an international effort over time to eliminate nuclear weapons from the planet. That's the way to make the planet more secure.



MODERATOR Senator Gravel, then Governor Richardson.

LOSER That's very good but, under the last 25 years, this nation has continued to expand its nuclear capability.

LOSER I would say that, essentially, they're all wrong on this. They're, sort of, leading up -- the administration is cooking the books, the intelligence on Iran.

And we're playing into this. And I'm very concerned. I would hope the Congress would pass a resolution saying, under no circumstances do you invade Iran.

Stop and think. What have we -- what have they done to us?

They're giving us intelligence, saying that they're destroying our troops. Well, what about our trying to destabilize their government, which we've been doing for the last 25 years?

We destroyed their democracy. And now we're looking at them as an excuse to expand the war, which is the plan the neocons had back in 1997. And so, when Democrats buy into the problem of Iran, they just help Vice President Cheney, who should be committed, with his recent statements...





LOSER You know, when a president talks about foreign policy, a president has to be clear.

LOSER And this talk about hypotheticals, I think, is what's gotten us in trouble. Here's what I would do on nuclear weapons I wouldn't, as an American president, use nuclear weapons first. However, you can never take the military option off the table.

The key is that in our foreign policy today, this administration has used the military option preemption. It should be diplomacy first, negotiation, build international support for our goals, find ways that America can get allies in our fight against terrorism, against nuclear proliferation.

We should have a treaty on fissionable material, loose nuclear weapons -- that's even more dangerous today than nuclear weapons.

MODERATOR Let me turn now to the second question I raised, the topic question about Senator Clinton. And outgoing White House counsel Karl Rove opined on that this week. He was on Rush Limbaugh. Here's what he had to say.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

KARL ROVE There is no front-runner who has entered the primary season with negatives as high as she has in the history of modern polling. She's going into the general election with, depending on what poll you're looking at, in the high forties on the negative side and just below that on the positive side.

And there's nobody who's ever won the presidency who started out in that kind of position.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Now, Senator Obama, I know you're loathe to agree with Karl Rove on just about anything.



WINNER I am.

MODERATOR But the Associated Press this week wrote an article. They talked to 40 Democratic activists and officeholders across the country. It led to the series of headlines across the country "Democrats worry Clinton may weigh down lesser candidates"; "Democrats worry Clinton may hurt the rest of the ticket."

Are they right to be worried?

WINNER You know, I think Senator Clinton and all the candidates up here are capable. And whoever wins the general election I believe -- whoever wins the primary I believe is going to win the general election.

But I think there's something bigger at stake here. We all agree that the last six years have been disastrous for America, both at home and abroad. But the fact is that the big challenges we face, whether it's health care or a bold energy strategy or schools that aren't producing young people that can compete on the global stage, those are problems that pre-date the Bush administration.

WINNER They're not just Republican problems. They're Democratic problems and American problems. And, you know, I think a winning strategy is not crafted by a political calculus that divides the country into red states and blue states.

So what I've been trying to express in my campaign is that if you believe that part of the problem is the failed politics of Washington and the conventional thinking in Washington, if you're tired of the backbiting and the score keeping and the special-interest-driven politics of Washington, if you want somebody who can bring the country together around a common purpose and rally us around a common destiny, then I'm your guy.

MODERATOR But when you say that, are you saying that Senator Clinton is part of the failed politics of Washington, or not?

WINNER What I'm suggesting is that we're going to need somebody who can break out of the political patterns that we've been in over the last 20 years. And part of that is the notion that half the country's on one side; the other half's on the other.

WINNER You maybe have a few people in Iowa or a few people in Ohio and Florida who we're all battling over, and afterwards, we can't govern.

And what I'm interested in is not only winning the election, but also providing relief to people who don't have health care, making sure that we're tackling climate change in a serious way. And I think that's going to require building a new majority, getting new people involved in the process, and I wouldn't be running if I didn't believe that I was the person best equipped to do that.



MODERATOR So the answer is yes?

WINNER The answer is I would not be running if I did not believe that I was the best person to do this.

LOSER Well, let me just say -- I have a slightly different view. Here's what I believe. I think we were out of power in the Congress for 13 years. In November of 2006, the Democrats took over the Congress again. I think there was a reason for that. Because the Democrats in November of 2006 stood for change.

America wants change in the most serious way. And if we become the party of status quo in 2008, that's a loser.

LOSER If we...

MODERATOR Well, that is the fundamental question, though.

LOSER ... maintain -- but let me finish. If we maintain the momentum of change, yes, we will win again in 2008. I think that's the question. And the real question for Democratic caucus-goers and voters across this country is, "Who's most likely to bring about change?"

Here's what I believe I don't believe you can change this country without taking on very entrenched interests in Washington, including lobbyists, that stand between us and the change America needs. And I don't believe you can do it by sitting at a table, negotiating with them and trying to bring them together.

These people will never give away their power voluntarily. We have to take their power away from them. This is what I've been doing my whole life, and that is why I believe I am the candidate who can bring change to this country.



MODERATOR And you're seeing that Senator Clinton is not?

LOSER Listen, Senator Clinton, both as first lady and as a United States senator, has done a terrific job. She's been in Washington a long time. I've asked -- Senator, I have never taken money from Washington lobbyists.

LOSER Senator Obama is not taking it in this campaign. I applaud him for that. And I've said Why don't we all make an absolutely clear statement that we are the Democratic Party; we're the party of the people; we are not the party of Washington insiders?

And we can say it clearly and unequivocally, by saying we will never take another dime from a Washington lobbyist.



I've asked the other candidates to join me in that.



And at least, until now, Senator Clinton's not done it.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, will you do it?

LOSER Well, I don't think Karl Rove's going to endorse me. That becomes more and more obvious. But I find it interesting he's so obsessed with me. And I think the reason is because...



... we know how to win. I mean, you know, I have been fighting against these people for longer than anybody else up here. I've taken them on and we've beaten them.

And I'm very excited about my campaign. I had 18 wonderful years in Arkansas. I'll be there tomorrow, where the governor will be endorsing me.

I've had wonderful experiences in upstate New York, where many of the people who voted for me had never voted for a Democrat before.

And you know, the idea that you're going to escape the Republican attack machine and not have high negatives by the time they're through with you, I think, is just missing what's been going on in American politics for the last 20 years.



LOSER And the reason -- the reason why we're going to win is because we have a better vision for America, we know how to bring about change, and I know how to beat them.

So, yes, they're going to be driving up negatives and making all these comments. Doesn't matter to me a bit.

What's important is what's happening in the lives of the American people. And the kind of change I'm interested in is how we help more Americans get to the American dream.

And that means universal health care. That means new jobs for the middle class with rising incomes. It means what I have fought for, for more than 35 years.

And I am proud of my campaign, and it's getting better every single day.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton...

LOSER So I'm looking forward to going up against whoever the Republicans nominate.



MODERATOR How about this point, though, that Senator Edwards raises? He says the fact that you're taking money from lobbyists symbolizes that you're part of the status quo, part of the failed politics of Washington.

LOSER Well, George, I believe we have to change Washington. I've stood up against the special interests, I've taken them on. I took them on, on health care. I took them on and voted against a lot of their special interest legislation, like class action reform, which is just really another way of lining the pockets of big business.

LOSER I've taken them on on so many different fronts.

But there is this artificial distinction that people are trying to make. Don't take money from lobbyists, but take money from the people who employ and hire lobbyists and give them their marching orders. Those are the people that are really going to be pushing back.

I think we can do a much better job if we say we have got to move toward public financing, get the money out of American politics, because it's the people who employ the lobbyists who are behind all the money in American politics.



I think what we need to do is go after a better agenda of reform.

MODERATOR Back to you, Senator. She says the distinction is artificial.

LOSER The distinction is not artificial. But first of all, Senator Clinton did a terrific job in the 1990s trying to do something about health care in this country. She deserves credit for that.

But here's what I believe The reason we don't have universal health care in America today is because of the insurance industry, the drug companies and their lobbyists.

LOSER It's that simple.



And, George, we need -- and there's a fundamental question here Whether you believe, whether voters believe the way we're going to have universal health care is to deal with those people, to make a deal with them. I don't. I don't think it'll work.

I don't think we should be taking their money. I think we ought to make it absolutely clear that we're not going to take money from insurance company lobbyists or drug company lobbyists, these big corporate lobbies, that actually killed -- killed -- the health care effort that was done in the 1990s.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, I want to ask you...

LOSER Let me finish. Let me finish.

MODERATOR I want to ask...

LOSER The question is -- the question is What will bring change? What will bring change?

My belief is you have to take these people on and beat them to bring change. You can't sit at a table and negotiate with them.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, will you accept the challenge from Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, look, first of all, I find this sort of situational ethics here. I mean, over the years, the fine people taking money from one group or the other were sort of competing with each other as to which group is a good or bad group here.

The fact of the matter is I've been supporting, for years and years, public financing of federal offices.

LOSER That's what needed in this country.



We're never going to solve this problem, unless we move in that direction.



And, certainly, it's not only the money you take, but what are you doing? How are you casting your votes? Where were you on bankruptcy? Where were you on dealing with the estate tax reform?

Those critical questions that affect people in this country are very important considerations. But public financing is where we need to be.

And let me point out as well, George, here, if I may as well here, it's about getting this job done. We don't elect a king or a queen or a dictator in November, we elect a president. The margins are thin. No one political party is going to write all of this. It takes leadership that knows how to bring people together.

It's what I've done for 26 years. When I wrote the Family and Medical Leave Act -- three presidents, two vetoes to go through in seven years. But I brought Republicans to the table around a Democratic principle.

The idea we're going to go down there, any one of us is elected president, and write all the rules and decide what it's going to be is not the case. It's not how it happens.

We need leadership that's been tested and proven to bring success between the political parties to get the job done for America.

LOSER That's the kind of leadership that's needed in 2008.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, is this debate over lobbyists real or artificial?

LOSER Actually, George, this debate is insufficient, because you're really not including all the candidates here...

MODERATOR Just called on you.

LOSER ... and polarize -- you're trying to polarize people out of the race. Now, let me talk about an issue that concerns the people of Iowa, and that is health care. The Iowa AF of L-CIO, two days ago endorsed H.R. 676, a not-for-profit health care system, a bill that I'm the coauthor of.

And Senator Edwards said that, you know, we're talking about challenging the insurance companies. Well, actually, every other health care plan represented by everyone else here on stage keeps the private insurers in charge.

Matter of fact, according to an article in the Nation, Humana, which participates in a hedge fund called Fortress, is in a position to just clean up with the privatization of Medicare.

I'm the only one up here who challenges this system of premiums, co-pays and deductibles.

LOSER So let's give the American people a real choice, not a conditioned choice, based on polls, but a choice that's based on their practical aspirations for health care for their families, for a not- for-profit system.

We have to break the hold, which the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies have on health care.



MODERATOR I want to move on to another issue we're hearing about a lot from the voters from Iowa in the poll. More voters wrote in questions for us on the issue of Iraq than any other single issue.

They all wanted to know what your plans were to get out of Iraq, and to get out safely from Iraq.

Senator Biden, you've put up an ad, just this morning, here in Iowa, on that subject. Here's part of it.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER We were leaving Baghdad and it was pitch black. As I climbed into the C-130, strapped into the middle of that cargo bay was a flag-draped coffin. It turned that cargo bay into a cathedral. And all I could think of was the parents waiting at the other end.

We must end this war in a way that doesn't require us to send their grandchild back.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Let me turn the questioning, now, to David Yepsen.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, is that ad right, that Senator Biden is the only candidate with a plan?

LOSER No. I have a plan. Here's my plan My plan is that, to end this war, we have to get all the troops out, all of them. Our kids are dying. Our troops have become targets.

My plan has diplomacy, a tri-partite entity within Iraq, a reconciliation among the three groups. I would have a division of oil revenues. I'd have an all-Muslim peacekeeping force, headed by the United Nations, a donor conference.

But none of this peace and peace building can begin until all of our troops are out.

We have different positions here. I believe that if you leave any residual forces, then none of the peace that we are trying to bring can happen. And it's important.

LOSER And it's critically important that we do this with an orderly timetable. But what is key is all of the troops out -- no residual forces. You leave residual forces behind, the peace cannot begin.

MODERATOR You're right. We do want to have a debate.

Senator Biden, what's your reaction to that?

LOSER My reaction is that it's time to start to level with the American people. This administration hasn't been doing it for seven years. We should.

The fact of the matter is, there's much more at stake in our security in the region depending on how we leave Iraq.

If we leave Iraq and we leave it in chaos, there'll be regional war. The regional war will engulf us for a generation. It'll bring in the Shia, it'll bring in the Saudis, it'll bring in the Iranians, it'll bring in the Turks.

I laid out a plan a year ago with Leslie Gelb. It said that what we should do is separate the parties, give them breathing room in order to establish some stability.

I notice most of my colleagues are coming around to that plan these days. But the bottom line is it's going to one full year, if you argued tomorrow to get every single troop out.

And when you begin to take the troops out, what are you going to do with the 4,000 or 5,000 civilians that are left inside the Green Zone?

MODERATOR Governor, quickly?

LOSER Well, Anthony Cordesman from ABC News, a distinguished military expert -- many generals agree with me that we can complete this withdrawal within six to eight months.

Let me give you an example. Today in the Iraq war, through Kuwait over a three-month period, we have moved 250,000 of our troops. We would move them through roads in Kuwait. We would move them in roads through Turkey. We can do this negotiating with the Turks.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, help a Democrat out. You've got the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee saying one thing, and I've got a former U.N. ambassador saying something else. Who's right?

LOSER Well, let me tell you what I would do, because I think that we need to do three things. We need to begin moving our troops out, and we have to do it carefully and responsibly. Joe is absolutely right.

Moving troops out cannot happen without careful planning, which is why I've been pushing the Pentagon to make sure they're actually planning because they've been resistant to doing so.

Secondly, we need much stronger pressure on the Iraqi government than this administration has been willing to bring.

LOSER And I would certainly condition any aid of any kind on their actually making the political decisions that they have been reluctant and unwilling to do so far. There is no...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER There is no military solution. Everybody agrees with that. And the political solutions seem to be out of the grasp of the Iraqis, because they're still jockeying for power.

And then of course, we would have, as Bill suggested, an intensive regional and international diplomatic effort.

But I think that, you know, this is going to be very dangerous and very difficult. A lot of people don't like to hear that.

But, if you look at how we would have to take our troops out, plus the equipment, which we would not want to leave, plus what we do with the people in the Green Zone, plus what we do with the Iraqis who sided with us -- thousands of them -- plus, what we do with the more than 100,000 American contractors who are there -- this is a massive, complicated undertaking.

LOSER And we do have to do it as carefully and responsibly as possible, and I think my plan takes all of that into account.

MODERATOR So does that mean that Governor Richardson just is wrong when he says that all troops, all troops, except for protection of the embassy, can be out by the end of the year?

LOSER Well, I think that based on the conversations I've had with military planners and outside experts, Joe is right, that this is going to take a while. People say you can move maybe a brigade to two brigades a month.

It is so important that we not oversell this. We've got to move them as quickly as possible, but you also have to move out the equipment. There has been no indication that the Turks are willing to let us move out. They wouldn't let us move in.

That means we go back down through the south. And if you remember, when we were supposedly on the road to liberation, we were attacked by Shiites back in March and April of 2003. So this...

LOSER George, could I respond?

LOSER ... is not going to be easy or safe.

LOSER And we've got to be very careful about how we do it.

MODERATOR I want to get everybody in on this question. First let me just find out if anybody agrees with Governor Richardson on this question.

Senator Gravel, do you agree with Governor Richardson?

LOSER No, I disagree with him. And I disagree with Joe Biden. And I disagree with Hillary.



Well, stop and think here. Why do we think that we can rule that country?

This is American imperialism you're hearing up here. And that hasn't worked and it will never work.

Who are we to tell the Iraqis -- we're trying to make them the fall guy, not our stupid mistakes. Oh, it's the Iraqis won't stand up.

I'll tell you what. Pull everybody out and turn to the Iranians, who helped us defeat the Taliban initially. It was the Iranians. So if we don't bring the Iranians to help us, or the Syrians, or Saudi Arabia, of course it's going to be a disaster.

They have more at stake in that area of the world than we do.

MODERATOR So you would pull out. Senator Edwards...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER ... would do is pull back and use diplomacy.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Edwards, can all the troops be out, except for protection of the embassy, by December?

LOSER I couldn't hear the...

MODERATOR By December. By Governor Richardson's plan.

LOSER I think it would be hard to do by December. I think we can responsibly and in a very orderly way bring our troops out over the next nine or 10 months.

But one thing I want to say, as I'm listening -- I know you're trying to create a fight up here, I understand that, but any...

MODERATOR I want to find out what you all think.

LOSER ... any -- any Democratic president will end this war. That's what we know.

And secondly...



... the differences between us, whether it's Senator Clinton or Senator Dodd or Governor Richardson or Senator Biden, all of whom I have enormous respect for, the differences between all of us are very small compared to the differences between us and the Republican candidates, who the best I can tell are George Bush on steroids.



They're going to keep this war going as long as it can possibly go. That's exactly what's going to happen.

LOSER With all due respect, I'd like to ask Senator Clinton, Senator Biden, you're saying you're going to leave residual troops behind. I don't know, is it 25,000, 50,000, 75,000?

LOSER You're also saying, I think, Senator Clinton, that all combat troops should come out. Now, for the non-combat troops, how are they going to protect themselves?

My point is that by taking them all out, all our troops are no longer targets. And then Al Qaida and the insurgents, both that see American troops as their prey, will now turn on each other.

And so, what we are now to do is force this negotiation, this reconciliation process, which I believe Joe Biden's plan has potential, a possible partition. Or division of oil revenues. An all-Muslim peacekeeping force. Get Turkey, get Jordan, get Egypt. Talk to Iran and Syria. Bring them in.

What is needed here is stability, and I think that all of these countries can be invested in a plan for stability. Nobody wants a civil war or a sectarian conflict -- and by the way, it's already happening. And what we need is stability.

LOSER But you can't have stability without any American troop there. That's my point. So I'd like my question answered. What is the purpose of the residual force?

LOSER I'll answer that, if I may.

MODERATOR And I also want Senator Clinton and Senator Obama on that question. You go first.

LOSER Look, the fundamental disagreement I have with my colleagues up here is that they seem to cling to the fundamental strategic mistake that everyone on both sides plays to, and that is that there is any possibility in the lifetime of anyone here of having the Iraqis get together, have a unity government in Baghdad that pulls the country together.

That will not happen, George. It will not happen in the lifetime of anyone here.

Secondly, the point is that you have to separate the parties to give them breathing room. You have to get them out of each other's face, just like we did in the Balkans, the same exact thing.

Third piece I'd make to you is that there's much more at stake here. This war must end, but there's much more at stake as to how it ends.

LOSER If it ends with this country splintering, we will have, for a generation, our grandchildren, engaged in a regional war that will be consequential far beyond -- far beyond Iraq.

America's security interests are at stake. You will see Turkey move in and take on the Kurds. You will see the Iranians move in and pick sides among the Shias. You will see Saudi Arabia and Syria continue to fund the most radical extreme elements of the jihadis.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, I think everyone agrees, everyone is afraid of the things you just outlined right there.

But this is a fundamental difference with respect, Senator Edwards.

Governor Richardson says that every troop except for protection of the embassy can be out by December, and if they're not, then the conflict is going to continue.

LOSER They cannot be out by December...

MODERATOR Wait...

LOSER Look, we've had 20,000 Western troops in a place where there's more sectarian violence -- from Vlad the Impaler to Milosevic -- than in 5,000 years of history in Iraq.

LOSER And what did we do? We separated the parties. There's not one single troop has been killed, not one, in the last 10 years. There is peace. There is a circumstance where the genocide is ended. They're becoming part of Europe.

Every troop must be out over time if there is not a political agreement.

LOSER Joe, answer my question.

LOSER But if there is a political -- yes.

LOSER Why do you leave residual troops behind? Maybe if it's six months or eight months...

LOSER I leave residual troops behind because you're going to have a minimum of 4,000 civilians there. The military will tell my friend here it takes...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER ... it takes -- no, no, I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. You need combat troops, and you need them to protect...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER ... the 5,000 troops that are there.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, where do you come down on this question? How many troops are going to have to stay for how long?

WINNER I think Joe is right on the issue of how long this is going to take. This is not going to be a simple operation. I think Senator Clinton laid out some of the challenges that were out there. I agree with John Edwards that all of us on this stage I think would begin to bring this war to an end.

I think we also can all agree that it's going to be messy, that there are no good options.

WINNER There are only bad options and worse options, and we're going to have to exercise judgment in terms of how we execute this. But the thing I wish had happened was that all the people on this stage had asked these questions before they authorized us getting in.

And I make that point...



... because earlier on we were talking about the issue of experience. Nobody had more experience than Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney and many of the people on this stage that authorized this war.



And it indicates how we get into trouble when we engage in the sort of conventional thinking that has become the habit in Washington. Now, that judgment is going to have to be exercised moving forward, and I actually think that Joe's point about partition might be the right one.

The only area I disagree with -- with Joe on that -- is that it is important for the Iraqis to arrive at the conclusion that partition makes sense, as opposed to it being imposed by the United States government.

WINNER Because I think if that happens, if the perception is that we are carving up the country as opposed to the parties arriving at a decision, then that could antagonize some of the factions and actually make the problem worse.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you've invoked the idea of conventional thinking a few times here, yet when I listen to what you're saying about what you would do in Iraq, now it sounds very similar to what Senator Clinton would do.

Is there any difference between you and Senator Clinton on what you would do right now?

WINNER My sense is that what all of us need to do over the next 16, 18 months is focus on putting pressure on Republicans to stop giving George Bush a blank check, because if we have to wait for 16, 18 months, that's going to make the situation that much worse.

If we have not began a withdrawal by the time I'm sworn into office, then the next task is to call together the Joint Chief of Staff and to give them the mission, which is to begin an orderly, phased withdrawal, so that we can begin the diplomacy that Joe and Bill and others are talking about.

But look, as I said, there are no good options at this point.

WINNER This is the equivalent of George Bush drove the bus into the ditch, and there are only so many ways you can pull that bus out of the ditch. That doesn't mean you don't fire the driver, and it doesn't mean that you don't evaluate how we avoid getting in these same problems in the future.



LOSER We can talk about George Bush driving a bus into a ditch, but let's not forget there was a Democratic Senate in charge that OK'ed the war. And those senators who are up on this stage helped to authorize that war and they have to take responsibility for that.

Likewise, they have to take responsibility for funding the war. You say you're opposed to it, but you keep funding it.

I think the American people have to look at that and ask, What's going on?

Now, I've had a plan on the table for four years to get out of Iraq, and Democrats in Congress have to stand up to the pledge they made in 2006 to take us out of that war. They have to tell the president now, "Bring the troops home. We're not going to give you any more money for that war."

LOSER The American people have a right to expect that we're going to take a new direction. But, frankly, you cannot expect a new direction with the same kind of thinking that took us into war in the first place.

We cannot leave more troops there. We cannot privatize Iraq's oil. We cannot partition that country and expect there's going to be peace.

We need a president who understands that, one who's been right from the start, and one who has shown the judgment, the wisdom, and the maturity to take the right stand at the time that it counted most, when the American people needed someone to stand up. And I'm the one who did that.



MODERATOR Let me move on now. We've got a question -- we've got an e-mail question from Seth Ford of South Jordan, Utah.

And he said, "My question is to understand each candidates' view of a personal God. Do they believe that, through the power of prayer, disasters like Hurricane Katrina or the Minnesota bridge collapse could have been prevented or lessened?"

I'd like each of you to answer it. Let me start with you, Senator Clinton.

LOSER You know, it's hard to hear you up here, George. I apologize.

MODERATOR We'll keep it up, and I'll just repeat it again.

My question is to understand each candidate's view of a personal God. Do they believe that, through the power of prayer, disasters like Hurricane Katrina or the Minnesota bridge collapse could've been prevented or lessened?

LOSER Well, I don't pretend to understand the wisdom and the power of God. I do believe in prayer. And I have relied on prayer consistently throughout my life. You know, I like to say that, if I had not been a praying person before I got to the White House, after having been there for just a few days I would've become one.



So I am very dependent on my faith, and prayer is a big part of that.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER I agree with what Hillary has just said here. I would not want to try and second-guess the lord's intentions here and to assume that part of his great plan includes some of these actions we see, for a variety of different reasons, here.

LOSER And the power of prayer I think is important to all of us. I hope it is, recognizing that we don't do anything without His approval.

LOSER I have prayed most of my life; pray daily now. He's enormously important to me.

But the answer to the question is No, I don't -- I prayed before my 16-year-old son died; I prayed before Elizabeth was diagnosed with cancer. I think there are some things that are beyond our control.

And I think it is enormously important to look to God -- and, in my case, Christ -- for guidance and for wisdom. But I don't think you can prevent bad things from happening through prayer.

LOSER What I believe in is love. And love implements courage. And courage permits us all to apply the virtues that are important in life.

And so you can pray -- I was always persuaded or struck by the fact that many people who pray are the ones who want to go to war, who want to kill fellow human beings. That disturbs me.

I think what we need is more love between one human being and another human being.

LOSER And then we'll find the courage to dispel many of the problems we have in governance. The answer to governance is not up here on the dais. The answer is with the American people and the people of Iowa. That's where the answer is.

And I have a proposal, and it's the only one that talks of change. The change is to empower the American people with a national initiative.

And my colleagues, with all due respect, don't even understand the principle of the people having the power.



LOSER I pray. I'm a Roman Catholic. My sense of social justice, I believe, comes from being a Roman Catholic.

But, in my judgment, prayer is personal. And how I pray and how any American prays, for what reason, is their own decision. And it should be respected.

And so, in my view, I think it's important that we have faith, that we have values, but if I'm president, I'm not going to wear my religion on my sleeve and impose it on anybody.

LOSER George, my mom has an expression. She says that, "God sends no cross you're unable to bear."

LOSER The time to pray is to pray whether or not you're told, as John was and I was, that my wife and daughter are dead, to have the courage to be able to bear the cross.

The time to pray is to pray not only before, but pray that you have the courage, pray that God can give you the strength to deal with what everyone is faced with in their life, serious crosses, serious crosses to bear.

The answer to the gentleman's question is, no, all the prayer in the world will not stop a hurricane. But prayer will give you the courage to be able to respond to the devastation that's caused in your life and with others to deal with the devastation.

WINNER I believe in the power of prayer. And part of what I believe in is that, through prayer, not only can we strengthen ourselves in adversity, but that we can also find the empathy and the compassion and the will to deal with the problems that we do control.

WINNER Most of the issues that we're debating here today are ones that we have the power to change.

We don't have the power to prevent illness in all cases, but we do have the power to make sure that every child gets a regular checkup and isn't going to the emergency room for treatable illnesses like asthma.

We may not have the power to prevent a hurricane, but we do have the power to make sure that the levees are properly reinforced and we've got a sound emergency plan.

And so, part of what I pray for is the strength and the wisdom to be able to act on those things that I can control. And that's what I think has been lacking sometimes in our government.

WINNER We've got to express those values through our government, not just through our religious institutions.



LOSER George, I've been standing here for the last 45 minutes praying to God you were going to call on me. And my...





And I come from a spiritual insight which says that...

MODERATOR You have a direct pipeline, Congressman.



LOSER I come from a spiritual insight which says that we have to have faith but also have good works.

LOSER So when we think of the scriptures, Isaiah making justice the measuring line; Matthew 25, "whatever you do for the least of our brethren"; where the biblical injunction, "make peace with your brother" -- all of these things relate to my philosophy.

Now, the founders meant to have separation of church and state, but they never meant America to be separate from spiritual values. As president, I'll bring strong spiritual values into the White House, and I'll bring values that value peace, social and economic justice, values that remember where I came from.

Thank you.



MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Let's turn to another question from here in Iowa. It's on the subject of agriculture, close to a lot of Iowans' hearts. And it comes from Mr. Blaine Baincon (ph).

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

QUESTION I'm Blaine Baincon (ph), a farmer from Massena, Iowa. I was wondering how you plan to help small farms as the large companies take over more farms.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, George, listen, one of the areas we've got to have is a Justice Department that starts dealing with some of the antitrust issues in our country. It just doesn't cover agriculture, but also a variety of other things, including media concentration here.

The ability today of just concentrating power, allowing so much to be accumulated, is making it very difficult for the kind of independents and smaller interests, including small business and small farmers, to be able to grow and to have the kind of economic success they'd like to have.

LOSER Rural America needs additional attention, as well, here. I'm a great believer that we need to extend the broadband access to our rural communities.

Opportunity shouldn't require that you leave rural America to come to opportunity, but opportunity ought to be able to come to rural America, by taking advantage of the technologies we have today, so that people can stay on these farms and stay in rural parts of our country, including Iowa.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you have criticized U.S. trade agreements. How do you fashion trade agreements to protect American workers, without in turn creating trade wars that hurt American farmers, Iowa farmers and what they're trying to sell abroad?

LOSER Well, the first thing I'd say is I think we've had a failed trade policy in America.

The question seems to have been, on past trade agreements like NAFTA Is this trade agreement good for the profits of big multinational corporations?

And the answer to those questions on the trade agreements we've entered into has been yes.

LOSER It's been very good for multinational corporations. It has not been good for American workers. And in an Edwards administration, the first question I will ask in every single trade agreement we're considering is Is this good for middle-class working families in America? That would be the threshold question.



And, second, we will have real labor and environmental standards in the text of the agreement, which I will enforce. We will have protections against currency manipulation, which the Chinese are engaged in right now.

And then finally -- finally -- we will end these loopholes that actually create tax incentives for companies to leave America and take jobs somewhere else.



That needs to be brought to an end.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, how do you come down on that question of how do you protect American jobs in America without setting up a situation where other countries discriminate against the things we're trying to export, particularly agricultural exports?

LOSER Well, I agree with everything John said, with the additional point that your question really raised, and that is that we do export a lot of agricultural goods, many of that through trade agreements.

And I think we've got to do three things. Number one, we have to have more focus on family farms, like the gentleman who asked the question. We have 34,000 family farms, largely, in New York. I've tried to become a real advocate for them because they get lost in the shuffle.

So I've created ways of working with them. I've issued a report about how much difficulty they have getting their products across the border into Canada.

So we've got to do more to make sure trade agreements are not only good for the exporting of agricultural products from great, big agribusiness, but also for small farmers.

LOSER Secondly, we've got to do more, as Chris said, to build up the agricultural and rural areas of our country. And thirdly, you know, trade needs to become a win-win.

People ask me, am I a free trader or a fair trader? I want to be a smart, pro-American trader. And that means we look for ways to maximize the impact of what we're trying to export and quit being taken advantage of by other countries.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, how do you balance -- how do you protect jobs without hurting farmers?

WINNER Well, I think that many of the recommendations that have been made are the right ones. There's one other thing, though, that we've got to talk about. And that is that our Congress subsidizes these big megafarms and hurts family farmers oftentimes in the process.

And we've got to, I think, cap those subsidies so that we don't have continued concentration of agriculture in the hands of a few large agribusiness interests. But, on the trade issue generally, we're not going to suddenly cordon off America from the world.

WINNER Globalization is here, and I don't think Americans are afraid to compete. And we have the goods and the services and the skills and the innovation to compete anywhere in the world.

But what we've got to make absolutely certain of is that, in that competition, we are hard bargainers.

You know, I'm always struck by the Bush administration touting that this is the MBA president and they're such great businessmen, and they get taken to the cleaners in a lot of these trade agreements.

And we've got to have somebody who's negotiating on behalf of workers and family farmers right here in Iowa, as opposed to someplace else.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, we have 20 seconds left until a commercial.

Do you agree with Senator Obama's position that we should cap the subsidies to farms?

LOSER I want to find a way to make sure that the big agribusiness interests don't hurt the small farmer, the family farmer.

What we also need to do is to promote conservation. We need to promote, besides subsidy reform, renewable fuels and technology.

Our farm policy, if we have renewable fuel...

MODERATOR You're going to get cut off by a commercial.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER ... enormous exports, trade, jobs.

MODERATOR We'll be right back.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR You have no idea what's been going on behind me in the last 30 seconds, but welcome back to "This Week." We're continuing this Democratic debate here in Iowa.

And I want to go to a question that came in over e-mail. It was from Robert Malzarek (ph) of Montgomery, Alabama.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

QUESTION This question is for all the candidates.

Unlike many others, I think that candidates may tell the truth, just not the whole truth and nothing but the truth. For example, when advocating a position or action, candidates downplay or simply ignore the likely negative side effects.

Can you name a major issue where you didn't tell the whole truth and describe what you left out?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER Yes, I can tell one issue that they're not living up to. My colleagues have all said that they want public financing...

MODERATOR How about you, though, Senator?

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Well, no, I'm part of it, and I'm telling the truth.

They can do this right now. There's nothing -- and I asked for a pledge from all of them to immediately obey the law we have on the books to use public financing.

They can store their money, their millions, for the general election. But right now, in the primaries, why can't they say what they promised and they said they're for? Otherwise, it means there's a little hypocrisy abroad here.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, what's your answer to that question?

LOSER In my public life, there hasn't been a time I haven't said what I thought.

I'm sure there's times in my whole life I haven't said everything I've thought, and many times that I've said too much of what I did think.





But my problem isn't saying what I think. My problem is saying too much about what I think.

I honestly can't think of an issue in the United States Congress where I haven't straightforwardly said why I was voting, why I was voting that way, and I said it straight up.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, you?

LOSER My entire life I've been saying things that other people were afraid to say, and I've been consistently proven right. So this is what I do.

And in the White House, I'll let the American people know exactly what's going on, our path to peace, to not-for-profit health care, to education for all. That's the kind president that the American people want, straight from the shoulder.



MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I think there are a number of issues where there are going to be some choices we've got to make and some sacrifices involved. I'll give you one specific example, and that's on energy. All of us on this stage have talked about global warming and how it is a moral imperative for us to do something about this, to ensure that we're passing on a livable planet to our children and our grandchildren.

There will be some costs involved. It's not -- we can't do it on the cheap. There are some things that we can do to conserve energy, but all of those steps are going to require a little bit of hardship and a little bit of pinching, and that's something that we don't have enough of a discussion about.

I've tried to. I went to Detroit, and in front of a bunch of auto makers, I said we've got to raise fuel efficiency standards on cars. And the silence was deafening in the room.

But those are the kinds of choices, I think, that the next president is going to have to advance and have an honest conversation with the American people about.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Wasn't the question whether there's ever been anything that we didn't say?

MODERATOR That's what I'm asking you, the question -- right.

LOSER That's what I thought it was.

I think, in my case, that would be true about my vote on the war in Iraq.

LOSER I was wrong to vote for this war. But, beyond that, I had huge internal conflict at the time about giving George Bush this authority.

And I did talk about -- as all these other candidates have just said, I did talk about the things that persuaded me to cast the vote. But what I didn't express was the huge conflict I had, because I did not trust George Bush.

It turns out I was right not to have trusted him, and I cast the wrong vote. But that's the one time, and probably the single biggest time that I can think of.
MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I, too, regret giving George Bush the authority that he misused and abused. It was a very difficult decision, and I tried to weigh it as carefully as possible, talking to a lot of different people and being assured, both publicly and privately, by President Bush and the people close to him that they would use the authority to go in and get inspectors and try to find out if there were weapons of mass destruction and pursue diplomacy.

So, you know, looking back on it, I wouldn't have voted that way again, certainly, because obviously President Bush had no intention of doing what he said he was going to do. And obviously for me that is a great regret.

MODERATOR But did you tell the whole truth when discussing it?

LOSER Well, as I saw it, yes, you know, similar to John. You know, when the president of the United States says, as he said publicly, and then as people around him said privately over and over again, "We're going to use this authority to get inspectors back in, "We're going to go to the United Nations," you know, at some point, you do have to make that evaluation.

And I thought that, based on what he had said and what we were talking about at the time in the Congress, that that would be an appropriate approach.

LOSER Were you tricked?

LOSER I would never have diverted our attention to Iraq, and I never would have pursued this war. I think that has been a terrible mistake for our country.

LOSER Were you tricked, Senator Clinton?

LOSER You know, I think the question was about past regrets and mistakes. I'm making, at this rate, about one mistake a week.



And, you know, I make a lot of misstatements. I'm not the scripted candidate. But I think when the chips are down, when the time comes to get hostages out from Saddam Hussein or persuade the North Koreans to reduce their nuclear arsenal, or bring back the remains of American servicemen, I perform.

But the reality is, what the American people want is a president who says, "I will follow the Constitution of the United States; I will not go to war unless the Congress authorizes me to go to war."

LOSER And we're going to get rid of those blemishes that America has, like Guantanamo, like eavesdropping on our citizens, like policies of torture, like returning habeas corpus.

I think if we simply say that we are in an America of checks and balances, where the judiciary and the executive and the legislative branches have an equal role, that we're honoring the principles of freedom, where America stands.

Then that's what that enormous confidence that people will have in our country will come back.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, where didn't you tell the whole truth?

LOSER Well, I'll tell you one issue that I wish I had done more on, recently. And, I think, maybe one of the worst votes cast in the Congress, maybe in the last 20 years, was last fall, on the Military Commissions Act, in which we allowed the abandonment of habeas corpus, returning to torture, and abandoning the Geneva Convention.

I thought about filibustering that bill, and I didn't do it. I regret that deeply. I can't think of a worse vote we cast, to walk away from the Constitution of the United States.



And I'm committed, on January 20, to bring that...



MODERATOR Senator Dodd, thank you. Let me turn, now, to an issue that hasn't been discussed enough in these debates so far. It's the issue of education. And, for that, let me bring David Yepsen back.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, should more effective -- I'm going to ask you about so-called performance-based pay. Should more effective teachers be paid less than effective ones?

LOSER I wouldn't use that approach. What I've suggested here -- this is a huge issue here. We've got to reexamine our whole education process, from beginning to the top here, and I'm a believer that we need to have fundamental reform of No Child Left Behind, and start measuring growth, not abandoning schools that aren't doing well, and providing far less rigid criteria when it comes to highly qualified teachers.

Where I would like to go here is see that we apply additional resources to teachers who will go into the tougher schools in rural or urban America, where they need better teachers coming in, and provide some additional incentives for them, including pay and including the criteria that they have to meet to do so.

But I'm not in favor necessarily of giving more preference for a teacher that's performing somewhat better. Measuring that I think is the wrong direction we're going in.

LOSER Taking snapshots of schools and teachers and students is not measuring how we're doing here. We need a far better approach on No Child Left Behind. I'm offering those ideas. The idea of discriminating one group of teachers against another in that regard, I think is a huge mistake and I'd oppose it.



MODERATOR Senator Obama, performance-based pay. How would you do that without alienating the teacher's unions?

WINNER Well, I've had a lot of discussions with teachers all throughout Iowa. And they feel betrayed and frustrated by No Child Left Behind. And Chris is right We shouldn't reauthorize it without changing it fundamentally.

We left the money behind for No Child Left Behind, and so there are school districts all across the state and all across the country that are having a difficult time implementing No Child Left Behind. And teachers are extraordinarily frustrated about how their performance is assessed.

And not just their own performance, but the school's performance generally. So they're teaching to the tests all the time. What I have said is that we should be able to get buy-in from teachers in terms of how to measure progress.

WINNER Every teacher I think wants to succeed. And if we give them a pathway to professional development, where we're creating master teachers, they are helping with apprenticeships for young new teachers, they are doing more work, they are involved in a variety of other activities, that are really adding value to the schools, then we should be able to give them more money for it.

But we should only do it if the teachers themselves have some buy-in in terms of how they're measured. They can't be judged simply on standardized tests that don't take into account whether children are prepared before they get to school or not, which is also one of the reasons why we've got to put more money into early childhood education.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I have long supported incentive pay for school wide performance. You know, what we're trying to do is to change the culture within schools and to provide the resources, the training and the support that teachers need to do the job they do want to do.

And particularly focusing on kids who come from disadvantaged backgrounds, I think you have to start with preschool, even before pre-kindergarten.

LOSER I've advocated universal pre-kindergarten. I think you have to start even earlier to try to help the family be the best school and teaching opportunity for their own children.

You have to reform No Child Left Behind. We're going to try to do that and begin to make it much more in line with the reality of teaching.

But I think that we've got to have a real conversation with our teachers, our students and our parents, because basically you can walk in a classroom today and it looks very much like the classroom I walked into, you know, 50 years ago.

And we have changed as a nation. We don't live and work the same way. But we act as though our schools are somehow off limits to trying to bring technology and other changes to them.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, you asked the question, are we for merit pay for teachers? No, I'm not for it. But what we need to do is pay our teachers better. They are disrespected.



LOSER I have proposed a minimum wage for our teachers, $40,000 per year.

I also have a one-point plan, like I do on Iraq, on No Child Left Behind Scrap it. It's a mess; it's a disaster.



What I would also do is have -- you know, we are 29th in the world in math and science. We need to have 100,000 new math and science teachers. We have to be number one again.

I would have preschool for every child. I would have full-day kindergarten. I'd revise our high school curriculums -- science, math, languages, civics, and an arts-in-the-schools programs to unlock our kids...



MODERATOR I want to...

LOSER ... when they -- science and math...



MODERATOR I want to move on to health care now. It sounds like -- and let me just sum this up -- no one on the stage is for merit pay for teachers, specifically.

(LOSER) I am.

MODERATOR You are? OK, thank you.

(LOSER) Well, and, George, I...

LOSER Can I expand upon that since I've said I'm for merit pay?

MODERATOR Go for it.

LOSER Don't leave me hanging.

MODERATOR OK.

LOSER No, stop and think They're all talking business as usual, politics as usual.

This country, we're so proud. We think we're number one.

LOSER He just gave you a statistic of how bad we are.

I'll give you another one We're 46th in literacy in the world -- in the world. Thirty percent of our children do not graduate from high school. What does that mean for the future of this country?

And all we get are the same old nostrums, that we need competition in education. Stop and think Here, Iran -- not Iran -- Spain, Norway, Finland -- these countries, they're not the superpower of the world, but they pay for their children, from childhood to Ph.D. levels.

Why can't Americans put education as the top priority? And you can't do it when you want to expand, as he wants to expand, 100,000 more troops. Who are we going to nuke, who are we going to fight next?

MODERATOR OK, Senator Gravel.

Go ahead.





WINNER I want to be clear, George. I actually think that we can implement a performance-based system that teachers buy in to. But I don't think it can be imposed on teachers. I think it has to be one that is developed with teachers so that they have a sense -- Bill is exactly right.

Teachers, across the board, have to be paid more. My sister's a teacher, and I know how hard they work and what they go through.

But we've got to give them a pathway so that they can make more money, as they are developing more experience, as they are putting more into the classroom.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, Senator Biden, both on this quickly.

LOSER Let me be the one who tells you how we're going to do this. I've sponsored a universal pre-kindergarten bill that will be paid for by a 15 percent cut in that bloated, wasteful Pentagon budget, which will yield $75 billion a year that we will put right into education.

We will create a universal pre-kindergarten program with a qualitative emphasis for education -- not quantitative so we make our children good little test-takers, but qualitative so our children learn real skills, learning skills, language, arts, and help them grow.

Learning theorists know this. Child psychologists understand this. Piaget talked all about this. Let's give our children the chance to grow, but let's put the money there. And I know where to get it...

MODERATOR Senator Biden...

LOSER ... and I'm ready to take that action. Thank you.



LOSER Tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock, my wife will walk into a classroom and teach for the 30th year in a row.

LOSER And the one thing any teacher can tell you is that the last person you want to base your performance on, judge your performance, is the administrator of the school. That's the first thing everybody figures out if you teach.

There needs to be performance-based pay. The way to do it is start at the front end. Pay those people who perform in undergraduate school. Give them the alternative to be able to go. They'd get the same pay as an engineer gets to go in and work in a math student -- as a math teacher, as a science teacher, et cetera.

So you start performance-based pay by, in fact, paying the best- performing students who want to teach and give them a chance. Every other major country in the world is starting their kids at the same salary they start -- these students, the same salary they start their engineers. We should be able to do that.

My father used to say, "Don't tell me what you value; show me your budget." If you, in fact, value education, then it should be equally as important as engineering or anything else.



MODERATOR We're running toward the end of the 90 minutes. I have a couple of quick questions, and then a final question.

This is -- this is basically a yes-no question. We've seem all this turmoil in the markets over the last couple of weeks, caused by the credit crunch and the crisis in the mortgage markets.

MODERATOR We saw, on Friday, the Federal Reserve lowered the discount rate for banks. Should they lower rates for everyone else, yes or no?

LOSER I'm glad they did what they did. But it can't be just left to a bail-out for the banks. We've got to figure out how we're going to figure out people facing foreclosures.

And I think a number of us have recommendations on that, that do not lend themselves to an easy yes or no.

LOSER Yes, I think it will happen in September. But we also need more liquidity. And they ought to be allowing Fannie and Freddie Mac to put more liquidity in the market.

It has seized up. You can't get a mortgage in America today.

LOSER I agree with that. But we also need a home rescue fund for all the millions of Americans who are worried about losing their homes.

LOSER All I would say is that there's no answer to that question. Just follow the money of the people on this dais and you'll see a response.



LOSER This is the Katrina of the mortgage-lending industry.

LOSER The answer to your question is yes, there has to be more liquidity, more funds in the market. What we need is more transparency between those that are making this business happen.

And what we also need to do is to not appoint officials that are in the industry to regulate that specific industry. The mortgage industry, they've become -- a lot of them -- a bunch of loan sharks.

LOSER The answer is yes. But we need, as the governor says, more transparency, particularly with regard to hedge funds and private equity funds. They are the ones that are causing this thing to go under. And there's no transparency, no accountability. We don't know how deep this problem is.

Chris will take care of it in the Banking Committee, and I mean that sincerely.

But we don't know how deep this problem is. But I think it's much deeper. It's almost as deep in terms of dollars, not liability, as the savings and loan crisis.

WINNER We do need more liquidity, but we're going to have to not only help home owners who are going to be losing their homes as a consequence of this; we're going to have to go forward and make sure that we've got the kinds of tough regulation when it comes to financial instruments to make sure that people who have saved and are trying to get their own home for the first time are not hoodwinked out of it.

WINNER And, unfortunately, the reason that we haven't had tougher regulation in part goes back to the issue of lobbying. This is where special interests have been driving the agenda. We have not had the kinds of consumer protections that are in place.

And that's why, when we have this debate about lobbying, we have to remind ourselves it has very real consequences for the people of Iowa and the people around the country.



LOSER The answer is no. The Fed is actually looking at bailing out the creditors. And what we're looking at is a continuation of the problem and a postponement of the day of reckoning.

We need to have a government take strong action where we'll loan money to those who are in trouble. But we need to do that in exchange for having the power, the money-lending power that the banks have right now, come back to the government; government spends money into circulation; and then government can maintain control over the economy.

LOSER Unless we take this action, we're looking at a situation of the collapse of our economy, and we're looking at a situation where these hedge funds will try to get a bail-out while millions of Americans lose their homes. Save the American homeowners.



MODERATOR Final round, final question, about 30 seconds each, please.

You know, presidential biographers are always looking at the turning point in a life, the moment where an ordinary person went on the path to the presidency, the decisive moment.

Congressman Kucinich, what's the decisive moment in your life?

LOSER I would say the decisive moment in my life was when my family was living in a car in the inner city and I thought about all the dreams that I could have as a child. And I decided, at an early age, that I was going to be someone.

And I've had a lot of help along the way to get to this stage, but I can tell you, as president, the American people will have someone who remembers where he came from and has the compassion in his heart to lift up everyone to make sure everyone has a chance.

Thank you.



WINNER A decisive moment in my life was the transition from high school to college, because I had gone through a difficult time, not knowing my father, and was, at times, an angry young man.

WINNER And partly because of the values my mother had instilled in me, those were reawakened in college.

And it made me serious about, not just what I could do for myself, but what I could do for other people. It's what led me to become a community organizer. It's what led me to go into public service. And ultimately, it's what led me to this stage.



LOSER George, there's a lot of things in my life that led me to be engaged in politics. I worked in the African-American community, east side of my city, as the only white employee for a long while when I was a kid. And I got involved in the civil rights movement.

I thought the question was, what made me run for president.

MODERATOR Decisive moment in your life that put you on the broader path.

LOSER Well, the decisive moment in me life that put me on the broader path was the civil rights movement. When I really -- I found out and realized that it does make a difference if you're engaged. You actually can change people's lives. You can actually change the state of the nation.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER The decisive moment in my life was when my wife, Barbara, decided and agreed to marry me, because it was the best decision I ever made and, hopefully, she ever made. We've had 35 years of marriage. It has given me strength and has been an anchor in my life.

A decisive moment for me to return to public life was 9/11. When it happened, I wanted to get back in public life.

And I just want to make one -- I resent that...

MODERATOR I've got to move on. We're going to run out of time. Sorry.

LOSER The decisive moment in my life came with the insightfulness of realizing that human governance is extremely complex and that representative government is broken.

And so, there's only two venues for change One is the government, where the problem lies, or the people.

LOSER And so the people must be equipped as lawmakers, the central power of government, in order to make decisions on all the policy issues that affect their lives, working in partnership with elected government.

It's a win-win. The people make the policy decisions, and we then would make the day-to-day operation of government work better.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER When I was a young boy, I came downstairs one morning. It was still dark outside. My father, who worked in mills all his life, was sitting at the kitchen table. The television was on. He was watching public television. And he'd never been able to go to college. And he was trying to learn from public television so he could get a better job in the mill.

And I worked in the mill, myself, part-time, when I was younger. And I made the decision then, whatever I did with my life -- didn't know that I'd be running for president -- but whatever I did with my life, those are the people that I would fight for, as long as I was breathing.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, there were two moments. One was the decision to join the Peace Corps, getting excited about John Kennedy inviting a generation of us to be a part of things larger than ourselves.

LOSER And the second was, about a week before my father died, when he was asked the question, "Had he known how his life would end, would he do it all over again?," I'll never forget him saying he'd do it in a minute, because you can never do as much for the public good as you can through a public life.

MODERATOR Last week, Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, when I was growing up I didn't think I would run for president, but I could not be standing here without the women's movement, without generations of women who broke down barriers, the civil rights movement that gave women and people of color the feeling that they were really part of the American dream.

So I owe the opportunity that I have here today to many people; some of whom are known to history and many who aren't.

But more personally, I owe it to my mother, who never got a chance to go to college, who had a very difficult childhood, but who gave me a belief that I could do whatever I set my mind...

MODERATOR And that is the last word.

Thank you all very much.

These formalities out of the way, the lucky recipient of our first question has been determined by lottery. Senator Dodd, that would be you.

Obviously, in the light of what happened in Minnesota last week, maintaining infrastructure requires spending, and how tax dollars are spent is a matter of priorities. What should we not build, what should we not be funding to see to it that our highways and our bridges and our tunnels and our mines are all properly maintained?

LOSER Well, thank you, first of all. And thank you for the warm welcome this evening. I'm a union guy -- (cheers) -- proudly a union man, and thank you for inviting us to be here tonight.

Let me first of all say that all of us here on the stage at this very moment are thinking about those six mine workers in Utah that are struggling, and their families, this evening. I can't begin without mentioning them and what they're going through this evening.

I happen to believe that putting our country back to work begins by cutting the funding for the war in Iraq. (Cheers, applause.) Spending $12 billion every month, spending $2 billion every week has got to stop if we're going to have a different set of priorities in our country.

I happen to believe that we need to look at our defense systems and decide which defense systems we need in order to face the threats that we face in the 21st century. Looking at some of these programs out there, such as the Star Wars program, the defense -- missile defense system, I think, frankly, we need a different set of priorities.

We ought to be investing in the bridges and the highways and the water systems, the safe drinking systems in our country here.

In fact, just five or six days ago, after working a year and a half on this issue, Keith, I introduced legislation to do exactly that. For every $1 billion we spend in that area, 40,000 jobs can be created in the United States of America. Those are the things I'll do as president of the United States if elected by my party, and I'm confident a Democrat is going to be elected president of the United States in November of 2008. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, thank you.

Senator Clinton, by lot, the second question is yours and it pertains to the same subject. 9/11 obviously made us plan for terror prevention; Hurricane Katrina made us prepare for natural disaster prevention and preparation; now this tragedy in Minneapolis is putting infrastructure into the news. In the wake of that tragedy, we already know that you've co-sponsored legislation to establish a national commission on infrastructure. But without benefit of hindsight, is our government actually doing anything better at making us collectively safer?

LOSER Well, Keith, I want to thank the AFL-CIO and MSNBC for having us here. You know, my late father was a fanatic Bears fan and the idea that any of his children would be on the 10-yard line in Soldier Field is an extraordinary accomplishment, as far as I'm concerned. (Laughter, whistling.)

And I am very much in mind of those miners in Utah.

And we know, as Chris said, our hearts and prayers and hopes go with them as this rescue effort continues.

We have to make investments in infrastructure. It's not only for the reasons that Chris was talking, as important as they are. This will create jobs, not only if we once again focus on our bridges, our tunnels, our ports, our airports, our mass transit -- it will put millions of people to work -- but it is also part of homeland security.

We need to have a better infrastructure in order to protect us. And it's not only the physical infrastructure, it is the virtual infrastructure, like a national broadband system that our police and firefighters can actually access and use to be safe. So I think that we've got to look at this, with the disaster that we see, from the levees of New Orleans to the bridge in Minneapolis to what happened to us in New York City on 9/11, as the highest priority, and it will be at the top of my list when I'm president. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Clinton.

And again, please, if you can hold your applause, we can get more questions in. Thank you kindly, audience.

Senator Obama, if we are not being proactive about everything to the degree that perhaps we should in this country, what do you think we're not prepared for?

What else are we not prepared for right now?

WINNER Well, first of all, I want to welcome everybody to Chicago, home of the NFC -- (cheers) -- champions Chicago Bears. And I want to thank the AFL-CIO for organizing this extraordinary event.

Look, I don't believe that we are safer now than we were after 9/11 because we have made a series of terrible decisions in our foreign policy. We went into Iraq, a war that we should have never authorized and should not have been waged. (Cheers.) It has fanned the flames of anti-American sentiment. It has, more importantly, allowed us to neglect the situation in Afghanistan. We know right now, according to the National Intelligence Estimate, that al Qaeda is hiding in the hills between Afghanistan and Pakistan. And because we have taken our eye off the ball, they are stronger now than any time since 2001.

As president, I want us to fight on the right battlefield, and what that means is getting out Iraq and refocusing our attention on the war that can be one in Afghanistan. And that also will allow us to free up the kinds of resources that will make us safer here at home because we'll be able to invest in port security, chemical plant security, all the critical issues that have already been discussed.

OLBERMANN Senator Obama, thank you.

Continuing on this subject of infrastructure, Senator Biden. (Cheers.)

This is not to direct this personally to you, but the case could be made that the nation's bridges, perhaps particularly that one in Minnesota, have been deteriorating for more or less the period of time you've spent in the Senate and all of your colleagues have spent with you there. Every member of this panel is either a current or a former member of our legislative branch. You have personally voted on hundreds of funding bills. Did you guys drop the ball on infrastructure?

LOSER I didn't drop the ball. Let me tell you, in 1992, I proposed, as labor knows, a $20 billion infrastructure bill proposed by the mayors. We don't need any more studies; 560,000 bridges -- 27 percent of them are in bad shape. We have been proposing since the day after 9/11 that we spend $980 million to refurbish the tunnels on the East Coast. More people tomorrow morning will be in Hillary's city sitting in aluminum tubes underneath in six old tunnels that have no escape, no lighting -- than in seven -- or, excuse me -- than in 25 full 747s. I've been pushing that from day one.

My colleagues need to get on board. We don't need any more studies. We don't need any more operation. What we need is to put America back to work, put them to work at a prevailing wage, make us safer as a consequence of that. (Cheers, applause.) And when it comes to determining whether or not this administration has been responsible, I can hardly wait to debate Rudy Giuliani on the issue of whether we're safer or not.

The 9/11 commission, $42 billion has not been funded, $42 billion. These guys, Republicans, have been irresponsible about our infrastructure, our security and the safety of this country. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Biden.

Senator Edwards, of course it's not just -- it's not just money, it's a question of inconvenience in terms of fixing the American crumbling infrastructure. How would you convince Americans that any inconveniences they would have to suffer -- bridge closures, remodeling a subway system, as Senator Biden perhaps mentioned there -- in addition to the cost, how would you convince them that these inconveniences are necessary to maintaining our infrastructure and making us collectively safer?

LOSER Let me say first, thank you to the AFL-CIO for hosting this forum. Thank you to all the men and women of organized labor for what you do every single day for working people in this country. We're all very proud to be here, and proud to have been with you before tonight in the effort to help working people in this country.

I actually don't think it's very hard to convince the American people. Given what's happened in Minneapolis, given what's just happened in the mine in Utah, the American people understand how serious this is. They want something done about the infrastructure. But I think the fundamental question is, who's going to bring about the change that has not occurred over the last three or four decades in Washington, D.C.?

Here's my belief. My belief is we don't want to change one group of insiders for a different group of insiders. We need to give the power in America back to you and back to working men and women all across this country. And I do not believe we will see the kind of change that we need unless WE begin to lead that change.

On Saturday, this past Saturday, I think a very stark contrast was presented to Democratic voters in this primary. What do you want to see done? I asked at that debate on Saturday here in Chicago whether all the Democratic candidates and whether the Democratic party would say no from this day forward to Washington insider lobbyist money. We should say, this game is over; the system is rigged in Washington, DC. It is not working for you; it is not working for the American people. And we're going to stand up to give the power in America back to you and back to all Americans who deserve it by saying no forever to lobbyist money in Washington, DC. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards, thank you. And by the way, you've given us a foretaste of a conversation we'll be having later on in our forum this evening.

But to continue on infrastructure, Congressman Kucinich, we're here tonight in this beautifully and recently renovated Soldier Field, partially renovated due to about $400 million in taxpayer money. Should state and local and, in some cases by proxy anyway, federal governments subsidize private businesses like sports teams by building them stadiums, when perhaps that choice is being made at the expense of infrastructure and bridges?

LOSER I've actually been involved in that argument for many years.

OLBERMANN I know.

LOSER And I think that -- here's what I said in Cleveland. Instead of spending $400 billion or more for a stadium, why don't we just buy the team? (Laughter, cheers.) I mean, really, you know, that's where the money is. So I think that we ought to be talking about an approach that gives people a return for their investment.

Now with respect to infrastructure, for the third time, I've introduced a bill. This time it's H.R. 3400. It's a bipartisan bill. Congressman LaTourette of Ohio is with me on it.

Here's what it will do. It will create millions of new jobs, rebuilding America's infrastructure, rebuilding roads, water systems, sewer systems, bridges.

I've been on this for many years. It will create jobs for laborers, for iron workers, for carpenters, for people who are involved in infrastructure. Billions of new jobs. It'll create a federal bank of infrastructure modernization.

Now, the time to talk about infrastructure is a little bit late after Katrina; it's a little bit late after the bridge has fallen in Minneapolis, but I've been there, and I understand the implication. Why do you need an infrastructure? You need an infrastructure so you can create a basis for jobs. I want a new American manufacturing policy, where the maintenance of steel, automotive, aerospace and shipping is seen as vital for our national security. And I want to see America take a new direction in trade as part of this, and that means it's time to get out of NAFTA and the WTO -- (cheers) -- and have trade -- and have trade -- and have trade that's based on workers right the right to organize, the right to collective bargaining, the right to strike, the right to decent wages and benefits and on and on.

I'm here for workers standards. (Cheers.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Congressman.

Please -- and once again, we appreciate your applause and we appreciate the sincerity of your emotions, but the less applause we have, the more questions we can get in. And in this case, I'm going to take one of my discretionary follow-up questions and ask Senator Obama particularly about this stadium. You were in the Illinois legislature when Soldier Field was funded. You voted for it, although you seemed reluctant at the time.

Was it the right call? And give me your answer in 30 seconds.

WINNER Absolutely, it was the right call because it put a whole bunch of Illinois folks to work, strong labor jobs were created in this stadium, and at the same time, we created an enormous opportunity for economic growth throughout the city of Chicago. And that's good for the state of Illinois.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator.

Governor Richardson, there is a push in some parts of this country to take the next step that we've seen in so many other parts of government business, sell the toll roads to private companies.

Would that be a better way to fix this problem? Can we really outsource it, farm it out?

LOSER No, privatization is not the answer. But let me just say to all the union members here -- (applause) -- I am proud to have gotten your support, financial and workers, in my campaigns. I am here as a congressman, as a governor, as an elected official because of you, and I thank you, and I will continue taking your financial support. (Laughter.)

Here's one way -- here's one way that I believe we can finance our infrastructure in this country. I would start out by the Congress eliminating the $23 billion they put forth for congressional earmarks. I would also ensure that corporate welfare -- $73 billion worth -- is eliminated as a way to reduce the debt. But we have to invest in our power grid. We have to invest in our bridges, in our highways. I was able to do that as governor of New Mexico -- $1.5 billion worth of highway construction to repair our bridges, to repair our highways, to bring commuter rail -- we have to start thinking about new infrastructure in America. We have to start thinking about making sure we have strong land use policies, smart growth.

The government should be a partner with the states and localities in building commuter rail, light rail, new forms of transportation besides repairing our highways and our bridges.

OLBERMANN Governor, thank you.

Let's move on to another important topic for this audience in particular, the subject of trade. Senator Edwards had touched on this, Senator Clinton. Over the weekend, this past weekend, you expressed some disappointment that NAFTA, in your words, did not realize the benefits that it was promised -- it promised, rather.

How would you fix it?

LOSER Well, I had said that for many years, that, you know, NAFTA and the way it's been implemented has hurt a lot of American workers. In fact, I did a study in New York looking at the impact of NAFTA on business people, workers and farmers who couldn't get their products into Canada despite NAFTA.

So, clearly we have to have a broad reform in how we approach trade. NAFTA's a piece of it, but it's not the only piece of it.

I believe in smart trade. I've said that for years. Pro- American trade. Trade that has labor and environmental standards, that's not a race to the bottom but tries to lift up not only American workers but also workers around the world.

It's important that we enforce the agreements we have. That's why I've called for a trade prosecutor, to make sure that we do enforce them. The Bush administration has been totally missing in action. They haven't been enforcing the trade agreements at all.

It's important that we have good information to make judgments. And when I looked at some of the trade agreements that the Bush administration sent our way, I voted against CAFTA. I don't want to give fast-track authority to this president.

So we've got to have a better approach to what we're going to do when it comes to trade around the world. And it's important that we have an idea of how to maximize the benefits from the global economy while minimizing the impact on American workers. That includes things like real trade adjustment assistance and other support.

But finally, Keith, we've got to have a source of new jobs. That's why we've got to invest in energy. We can create millions of new jobs if we go toward renewable energy. Those are not jobs that will be outsourced.

OLBERMANN Senator.

LOSER Those are jobs that will actually save us money and create jobs right here in America.

OLBERMANN All right, thank you, Senator.

We're going to -- this -- on a couple of occasions tonight, we want everyone on the record on a particular issue. So let me do this in 30 seconds and literally go left to right, with Senator Clinton having already established her stance on this. Would you scrap NAFTA or fix it?

Governor Richardson, 30 seconds.

LOSER We should never have another trade agreement unless it enforces labor protection, environmental standards and job safety. What we need to do is say that from now on, America will adhere to all international labor standards in any trade agreement -- no child labor, no slave labor, freedom of association, collective bargaining -- that is critically important -- making sure that no wage disparity exists.

Something else that I will also do -- my first day as president, I will get rid of all the union-busting attorneys at the Department of Labor and OSHA and all our agencies. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Governor Richardson, thank you.

We're not going to contain the applause, I'm afraid. It's going to come out of my time, I know.

As we continue -- scrap NAFTA, Senator Obama, or fix it?

WINNER I would immediately call the president of Mexico, the president of Canada to try to amend NAFTA because I think that we can get labor agreements in that agreement right now. And it should reflect the basic principle that our trade agreements should not just be good for Wall Street, it should also be good for Main Street.

And the problem that we've had is, is that we've had corporate lobbyists, oftentimes involved in negotiating these trade agreements, but the AFL-CIO hasn't been involved; ordinary working people have not been involved. And we've got to make sure that our agreements are good for everybody, because globalization right now is creating winners and losers. But the problem is, it's the same winners and the same losers each and every time.

And we've got to mix it up, and that does mean, by the way, that you've got to have a president in the White House who is not subject simply to the whims of corporate lobbyists. And that issue is going to be something that I think should be important throughout this campaign. Are we going to make certain that you have a voice in Washington --

OLBERMANN Senator --

WINNER -- and not just those who are paying the big money in Washington have that opportunity to negotiate.

OLBERMANN All right.

To continue with this in a 30-second fashion, Senator Biden, scrap NAFTA or fix it?

LOSER I hope that red light's going to malfunction for me, too.

OLBERMANN (Laughs, laughter.)

LOSER Only kidding.

Hey, look, a president's job is to create jobs, not to export jobs, and the idea that we are not willing to take the prime minister of Canada and the president of Mexico to the mat to make this agreement work is just a lack of presidential leadership.

I would lead, I would do that, I would change it. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Biden.

LOSER Any time.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, scrap it -- (laughs) -- yes, any time -- scrap it or fix it?

LOSER No, I agree. I think this requires modification.

But we also need to do something else here. In addition to having trading agreements that include labor, environmental, health provisions in them, insisting on those provisions in any trading agreement here, we need to stop exporting the jobs in the country that already are here. I offered legislation by banning the outsourcing of jobs in the Senate.

You know, one of the things that labor does and I've always admired is you listen to the speeches that are given, but one of the things you've always wanted to know If I have a better idea about where you're going to take me if I know where you've been. And I'm proud to say for 26 years on every major issue that labor's been involved in I've stood with you. I've stood with labor in banning outsourcing of jobs, of offset contracts, of situs picketing, on plant closing legislation.

We need to stand up for the American worker here. That's the best way to create the jobs in the United States.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, thank you.

Senator Edwards, you touched on this before, but please take 30 seconds. Scrap it or fix it.

LOSER It needs to be fixed, but the first thing I want to say is NAFTA is a perfect example of the bigger problem. This deal was negotiated by Washington insiders, not by anybody in this stadium tonight. And the question is, when are we going to change it? It's cost us a million jobs. We need environmental and labor standards. We need actually the Justice Department prosecuting the standards under NAFTA.

But the last thing I want to say -- and I want everyone here to hear my voice on this -- the one thing you can count on is you will never see a picture of me on the front of Fortune Magazine saying, "I am the candidate that big corporate America is betting on." That will never happen. That's one thing you can take to the bank.

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards, thank you. (Scattered applause.)

Congressman Kucinich, scrap NAFTA or fix it?

LOSER You asked a direct question. I think it deserves a direct answer. In my first week in office, I will notify Mexico and Canada that the United States is withdrawing from NAFTA. I will notify the WTO we're withdrawing from the WTO. (Applause.)

We need a president who knows what the right thing is to do the first time, not in retrospect. And I think that we need to go back to trade -- excuse me -- we need to go forward to trade that's based on workers' rights, human rights and environmental quality principles.

No one else on this stage could give a direct answer because they don't intend to scrap NAFTA. We're going to be stuck with it. And I'm your candidate if you want to get out of NAFTA. (Applause.)

Let's hear it. Do you want out of NAFTA? (Cheers, applause.) Do you want out of the WTO? (Cheers, applause.) Tell these candidates.

OLBERMANN Congressman --

LOSER Listen to the workers. Listen to the words of the workers of America. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Congressman, forgive me.

LOSER Thank you.

OLBERMANN You're undermining my pause here to try to contain some of the applause. (Laughter.)

LOSER Thank you.

OLBERMANN We also -- we did have, I believe, Senator Clinton, a veiled reference to someone on this panel in Senator Edwards' answer, and I think I would be remiss if I did not give you an additional 30 seconds to reply to that.

LOSER Well, I am -- yeah, I'm just taking it all in. You know, I've noticed in the last few days that a lot of the other campaigns have been using my name a lot. But I'm here because I think we need to change America, and it's not to get in fights with Democrats. I want the Democrats to win, and I want a united Democratic Party that will stand against the Republicans. (Applause.)

And I will say that for 15 years I have stood up against the right-wing machine, and I've come out stronger. So if you want a winner who knows how to take them on, I'm your girl. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN I'm just wondering if Stephen A. Douglas and Abraham Lincoln had a moderator and if he had to try to quiet the crowd down. (Laughter.)

Totally unconnected to that, but back to our original topic, Senator Obama, the flip side to fair trade, obviously, if buying American costs more, and in many cases it does, how do you convince a working family that's struggling to get by on a tight budget and in part makes ends meet using $10 t-shirts for their kids, that buying American is still best for them no matter what the price is?

WINNER Well, look, people don't want a cheaper T-shirt if they're losing a job in the process. (Applause.) They would rather have the job and pay a little bit more for a T-shirt. And I think that's something that all Americans could agree to.

But this raises a larger point, which is, globalization is here. And we should be trading around the world. We don't want to just be standing still while the rest of the world is out there taking the steps that it needs to in order to expand trade.

The question is, on whose behalf is the president negotiating? Is he or she negotiating on behalf of the people in this stadium, or are you only negotiating on behalf of corporate profits? And that is an important issue and it's an important distinction that we've got to make.

One other thing that has to be mentioned. Congress has a responsibility because we've got right now provisions in our tax code that reward companies that are moving jobs overseas instead of companies that are investing right here in the United States of America. And that is a reflection of the degree to which special interests have been shaping our trade policy. That's something that I'll end.

OLBERMANN Senator Obama, thank you.

We're going to try to do this, if we would all stay to 30 seconds here to close out this segment on the subject of trade. And I'm also not going to go along with my friends at NBC Sports, who asked me to mention that the Beijing Olympics starts one year from today. (Laughter.)

But 28 percent of those surveyed -- and we'll just go in order from Governor Richardson on down -- 28 percent of those surveyed in the latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll perceived China as an ally. More than half this nation views China as an adversary. Which do you think it is, ally or adversary, sir?

LOSER China is a strategic competitor. And we've got to be tougher on China when it comes to human rights and trade. We've got to say to China, you've got to (stop ?) fooling around with currency.

You've got to find ways, too, to be more sensitive to your workers, and you've got to do more, China, in the area of human rights around the world, like put pressure on the Sudan to stop the genocide in Darfur. (Cheers, applause.) So we have to have a relationship with China that is realistic. We have to have a relationship that involves both strategic competition and common interests.

Here's what I would do. I would --

OLBERMANN Governor, I'm going to have to cut you off, or we're not going to be able to get to everyone on the line here.

Senator Obama, is China an ally or adversary?

WINNER China is a competitor, but they don't have an enemy, as long as we understand that they are going to be negotiating aggressively for their advantage, and we've got to have a president in the White House who's negotiating to make sure that we're looking after American workers. That means enforcing our trade agreements; it means that if they're manipulating their currency, that we take them to the mat on the that issue; it means that we are also not running up deficits and asking China to bail us out and finance them, because it's pretty hard to have a tough negotiation when the Chinese are our bankers. (Cheers, applause). And that's something that we're going to have to change.

OLBERMANN Senator, thank you.

Senator Biden, we have two votes for competitor. Is China an ally or an adversary?

LOSER They're neither. The fact of the matter is, though, they hold the mortgage on our house. (Crowd reacts.) This administration, in order to fund a war that shouldn't be being fought and tax cuts that weren't needed for the wealthy -- we're now in debt almost a trillion dollars -- a trillion dollars to China. We better end that war, cut those taxes, reduce the deficit and make sure that they no longer own the mortgage on our home.

OLBERMANN Senator Biden, thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

Senator Clinton, China an ally or an adversary?

LOSER I want to say amen to Joe Biden, because he's 100 percent right. You know, six and a half years ago, we had a balanced budget and a surplus; now we are in deep debt with a rising deficit, and it is absolutely true that George Bush has put it on the credit card, expecting our children and grandchildren to pay for it. We've got to get back to fiscal responsibility in order to undercut the Chinese power over us because of the debt we hold.

We also have to deal with their currency manipulation. We have to have tougher standards on what they import into this country. I do not want to eat bad food from China or have my children having toys that are going to get them sick. So let's be tougher on China going forward. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, again, I'd agree with what's been said here. In fact, last week, we -- I passed legislation out of the committee to deal with the Chinese currency situation. It's a massive subsidy for them in terms of disadvantaging our manufacturers here.

And I would say they're a competitor, but be careful. It's getting close to adversary. Let's not have any illusions here. China's investing a great deal of its resources in building up a military capacity. And in the 21st century, we'd better recognize here, while they're competitors today, if we're not careful here, then we could face some serious problems with China in the latter part of this century.

We need to be insisting, Keith, that for every product or every ability they are -- in our shelves here, we need to be insisting that we have access to their shelves, to their marketplaces. That's not happening, and it needs to stop.

OLBERMANN Senator, thank you.

Senator Edwards, China Is it an ally or an adversary?

LOSER China is a competitor. But besides all the things that have been said, and these statements are all correct about them holding American debt, about or trade deficit. No one's mentioned human rights abuses, but there are huge human rights abuses going on in China.

But the other thing I want to mention is, there's also a trade safety issue here. What about 2 million toys that have come into the United States and had to be recalled from China? How about the fact that we don't have real country-of-origin labeling that the United States of America actually enforces, so the American people know what they're buying, where it's coming from?

We should have a president of the United States who enforces country-of-origin labeling. We should have a Consumer Product Safety Commission that's not looking out for big multinational corporations, that's actually looking out for the safety of our children here in America.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Edwards.

Congressman Kucinich.

LOSER The time to worry about China trade was really when some of my friends up here on the stage actually voted for most favored nation.

Now, as president, my most favored nation is America. And I want to say, you know, there was a myth when I was growing up in Cleveland that if you dig a hole deep enough, you'll get to China. We're there -- (cheers) -- and we need to have a president that understands that and is ready to take a whole new direction in trade with China. (Continued cheers, applause.)

Thank you very much. A working person's president. Thank you.

OLBERMANN Congressman Kucinich, great, thanks, and to our candidates.

Our next topic will be of great interest to you. The subject will be Iraq after this break.

(Announcements.)

OLBERMANN And we're back at the AFL-CIO Forum with our presidential candidates. Thank you for your time here on MSNBC, and as we promised, the subject is going to be Iraq. And we're going to go down the line here in 30 seconds from left to right starting with Governor Richardson.

Here is something that an Iowa voter has asked answered. If you get us out of Iraq and somehow al Qaeda takes over anyway, what will you do then?

LOSER I will take whatever steps are necessary to protect the security of the United States. By withdrawing from Iraq, the real peace and reconciliation in that country can begin. We can get the three groups together, we can have an all-Muslim peacekeeping force, we will have a donor conference to rebuild that country. And then we can focus on what really affects American foreign policy -- the fight against international terrorism; greenhouse gas emissions, reducing greenhouse gas emissions; and third, a measure to ensure that there are no dirty bombs and a number of fissionable material around the world.

OLBERMANN Governor, thank you.

Senator Obama, that same hypothetical. And I know it's that, but this question is asked by a voter in Iowa, if you get us out of Iraq and somehow al Qaeda does take over, what do you do then?

WINNER Well, look, if we had followed my judgment originally, we wouldn't have been in Iraq. We're here now. (Cheers, applause.) And we've got no good options. We got bad options and worse options.

It is my strong belief -- and I introduced legislation back in January -- that the only way we're going to stabilize Iraq and make sure that al Qaeda does not take over in the long term is to begin a phased redeployment so that we don't have anti-American sentiment as a focal point for al Qaeda in Iraq. We can still have troops in the region, outside of Iraq, that can help on counterterrorism activities, and we've got to make sure that they don't establish long-term bases there. But right now, the bases are in Afghanistan and in the hills between Afghanistan and Pakistan; that's where we've got to focus.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator.

Senator Biden, what do you do if that hypothetical occurs?

LOSER You know, Bush has not told the truth for seven years; it's time we tell the truth. The truth is if Iraq -- if al Qaeda establishes a base in Iraq, all these people who talk about going into Pakistan are going to have to send your kids back to Iraq.

And so the fact of the matter is it matters how we get out of Iraq. And I'm the only one on this stage that has a detailed political plan how to get out. Separate the parties. Let them be in regions. Give them control over their own security. Set up a limited central government. Begin to draw down our troops. But let's start talking the truth to the American people.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Biden.

Senator Clinton, what do we do in that hypothetical?

LOSER Well, I have a three-point plan to get out of Iraq, starting with redeploying our troops, but doing it responsibly and carefully, because as many of the veterans in this audience know, taking troops out can be just as dangerous as bringing them in. And we've got to get out of Iraq smarter than we got in.

Secondly, we've got to put more pressure on the Iraqi government, including withholding aid from them if they don't begin to stabilize the country themselves. And thirdly, we need an intensive diplomatic effort, regionally and internationally.

But if it is a possibility that al Qaeda would stay in Iraq, I think we need to stay focused on trying to keep them on the run, as we currently are doing in Al Anbar province.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, who do you handle the situation where we get out, you get us out of Iraq, and al Qaeda does, against all prediction, take over?

LOSER Well, let me take 10 seconds and first of all, this evening there are a lot of young men and women serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, and whatever your views on policy in Iraq, every one of us owe them a deep debt of gratitude and appreciation. (Cheers, applause.) They haven't failed; the policy has. How about hearing it for our men and women in uniform. (Cheers, applause.)

(Inaudible) -- I believe, and have led on this over the last number of months here, to begin redeploying immediately. We can do so with two and a half divisions coming out each month, done safely and reasonably well. We then need to have a robust approach on diplomacy. This administration has treated statecraft and diplomacy as if it were a gift to our opponents, a sign of weakness.

The United States has been successful in both Democratic and Republican administrations over the years when we have drawn the diplomatic arrow out of our quiver here. To make a difference around the world, we shouldn't be selling arms to Saudi Arabia while they're refusing to support us in Iraq.

We need to have a clear message to everybody in the region that we want them to be part of the solution.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator.

Senator Edwards, what do we do in that situation where, against all of these predictions, al Qaeda nonetheless takes over Iraq after you get us out of there?

LOSER Well, we have to prepare for that possibility. I can tell you exactly what I would do as president. As president, I'd draw 40 (thousand) to 50,000 troops out today. I would engage the Iraqi government and the Sunni leadership, the Sunni and Shi'a leadership, into trying to reach some kind of political reconciliation. Because without that, there cannot be security in Iraq. And then we need to make a serious, intense diplomatic effort to bring the Iranians and the Syrians and the others in the region into helping provide stability in Iraq.

And we have to prepare for the possibility, which George Bush has never done, that things may actually go bad. That means we've got to be prepared to control a civil war if it starts to spill outside the borders of Iraq. And we have to be prepared for the worst possibility that you never hear anyone talking about, which is the possibility that genocide breaks out and the Shi'a try to systematically eliminate the Sunni. As president of the United States, I would plan and prepare for all those possibilities.

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards, thank you.

Congressman Kucinich, what do you do if an Iraq post-America, post-America in a Kucinich administration, is influenced or controlled by al Qaeda.

LOSER Keith, we need to get out of Iraq and get out of Iraq now, and I have a plan to do just that. Congress -- The Democratic Congress has the ability to tell President Bush, you got $97 billion six weeks ago; use that money to bring the troops home and set in motion an international security and peacekeeping force that would stabilize Iraq. I'm the only one here on the stage who had the vision and the foresight to not only vote against the war but also vote against funding for the war.

People want a president who makes the right decision the first time, and the right decision was never to go in there. And I'm going to get those troops home. And I'll keep the pressure up on a Democratic Congress and I ask for your help.

OLBERMANN Congressman Kucinich, thank you.

Pertaining to the subject of the votes and the authorization, Senator Obama, this is a question I've been meaning to ask you since, I guess, the night this occurred.

Why did it take so long to hear how you were going to vote on the subject of that war supplemental on May 24th? We didn't learn until that evening when you actually cast your vote. Why is that the case?

WINNER Well because the fact is that, you know, it is difficult to send a message to the president, who has been so obstinate for so long. All of us on this stage want to make sure that our troops are funded, and all of us believe that we need to be orderly and careful in bringing them out. My hope was that we would start seeing some progress among the Republicans, where they would begin to agree with us on a timetable to withdraw.

We have convinced some people, including some folks on this stage, that this was a mistake, and that it was important for us to start drawing troops down. But apparently we had not convinced enough Republicans, and at that point, it was my belief that the only we could send a strong signal to the president to make sure that he came back to the table was to vote no on that supplemental.

But understand this, Keith Unless we can change the minds of some additional Republicans who are responsible for continuing to hand the keys of the car to the president on this issue, we are going to have to wait until I am president of the United States. And when I do, I promise you my first act will be calling together the Joint Chiefs of Staff and give them a mission to bring our troops home so that we can start stabilizing Iraq, but also focus on the war on terrorism that's out there right now.

OLBERMANN Thank you, sir.

I have a follow-up for Senator Clinton.

It is essentially the same question about the vote on May 24th with a note that you voted after Senator Obama had voted.

LOSER Well, you know, Keith, this is George Bush's war. He rushed us to war, he has mismanaged the war. But these are our sons and daughters who are serving in this war, and I had to think very long and hard because clearly I do not want to do anything that undercuts our support for them. But finally I just concluded that the only way to get a message to the Republicans and to George Bush was to vote against the supplemental funding. And it isn't an easy vote, and you could actually argue it either way. Those of us who were in the Senate, I think all acted sincerely and out of good faith trying to figure out what was best for our country.

But at the end of the day, I have concluded, we've got to force George Bush to begin to end the war that he took America into and save our young men and women and bring them home. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Dodd, last week you have said that Senator Obama, quoting you, "His assertions about foreign and military affairs have been, frankly, confusing and confused"; you added, "He should not be making unwise categorical statements about military options." What, in your opinion has been confusing?

LOSER Well, let me say on these matters here, I've spent 26 years on the Foreign Relations Committee dealing with these matters here on almost every major foreign policy debate; words mean things. We've got to be very careful about language that's used in terms of the danger and harm it can do to our nation.

My view was when you raise -- issues are being raised about Pakistan, understand that while General Musharraf is no Thomas Jefferson, he may be the only thing that stands between us and having an Islamic fundamentalist state in that country. And so what I'd like to see him change -- the reality is if we lose him, then what we face is an alternative that could be a lot worse for our country.

I think it's highly responsible -- or irresponsible for people who are running for the presidency and seek that office to suggest we may be willing unilaterally to invade a nation here who we're trying to get to be more cooperative with us in Afghanistan and elsewhere.

So my views -- and I say this respectfully to my friend from Illinois here -- I think it was wrong to say what he did in that matter. I think it's important for us to be very careful about the language we use, make it clear that if this United States is going to build the relationships around the world, we're going to have to do so with allies, in some cases allies that we may not particularly like.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, thank you.

WINNER First --

OLBERMANN Senator Obama -- yes, you've taken some hits here from us, so yours is the last word on this subject.

WINNER Well, look, I find it amusing that those who helped to authorize and engineer the biggest foreign policy disaster in our generation are now criticizing me for making sure that we are on the right battlefield and not the wrong battlefield in the war against terrorism. (Cheers, applause.)

And, Chris, respectfully -- and you and I are close friends -- but the fact is you obviously didn't read my speech. Because what I said was that we have to refocus, get out of Iraq, make certain that we are helping Pakistan deal with the problem of al Qaeda in the hills between Afghanistan and Pakistan. But, Chris, if we have actionable intelligence on al Qaeda operatives, including bin Laden, and President Musharraf cannot act, then we should. Now, I think that's just common sense. I don't know about you, but for us to authorize -- (cheers, applause) -- (inaudible) --

OLBERMANN Senator --

WINNER -- where the people who attacked 3,000 Americans were not present -- which you authorized -- and then to suggest that somehow we should not focus on the folks that did attack 3,000 Americans --

OLBERMANN Senator Obama, we're well over -- we're well over time. (Cheers, applause.)

Senator Clinton, I must ask for your -- Senator Clinton -- Senator Clinton, give me your response to this. We're going to -- I'm going to give you both a chance here, but, Senator Clinton, please give me your response to what we're hearing tonight.

LOSER Well, I do not believe people running for president should engage in hypotheticals. And it may well be that the strategy we have to pursue on the basis of actionable intelligence -- but remember, we've had some real difficult experiences with actionable intelligence -- might lead to a certain action.

But I think it is a very big mistake to telegraph that and to destabilize the Musharraf regime, which is fighting for its life against the Islamic extremists who are in bed with al Qaeda and Taliban. And remember, Pakistan has nuclear weapons. The last thing we want is to have al Qaeda-like followers in charge of Pakistan and having access to nuclear weapons.

So you can think big, but remember, you shouldn't always say everything you think if you're running for president, because it has consequences across the world. And we don't need that right now. (Chorus of boos.)

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd -- I owe Senator Dodd a response. Your name was invoked in several of these answers. Please take 30 seconds here.

LOSER Well, I just want to say, look -- and Barack, you know, I've certainly said, look, I made a mistake in that vote in 2002. I don't deny that. But when you make a mistake, as you run on something like this, I think if I had the courage, I made a mistake on the vote in 2002; if you're making a mistake today, you ought to stand up and say so.

It was a mistake, in my view, to suggest somehow that going in unilaterally here into Pakistan was somehow in our interest. That, I think, is dangerous. And I don't retreat from that at all.

WINNER Keith, I'm sorry, but --

OLBERMANN Go ahead.

WINNER -- this came to me, and so let me just be clear about this.

OLBERMANN All right, Senator Obama, 30 seconds, and then I have to stop this.

WINNER I did not say that we would immediately go in unilaterally. What I said was that we have to work with Musharraf, because the biggest threat to American security right now are in the northwest provinces of Pakistan and that we should continue to give him military aid contingent on him doing something about that.

But the fact of the matter is that when we don't talk to the American people -- we're debating the most important foreign policy issues that we face, and the American people have a right to know. It is not just Washington insiders that -- (cheers, applause) -- are part of the debate that has to take place with respect to how we're going to shift our foreign policy. This is a seminal question.

OLBERMANN Gentlemen, I have to end this segment here because we are --

WINNER It's a fundamental question.

OLBERMANN Please, everyone. We have standing by -- and in this case it is meant literally -- the questions from the AFL-CIO audience, who are stepping to the microphone. And they will be giving you their questions when we rejoin you from Soldier Field after this.

(Announcements.)

OLBERMANN Seven candidates in the running for the Democratic presidential nomination joining us here at Soldier Field in Chicago, where they will now take questions from the members of our audience, the members of the AFL-CIO and its affiliated unions. For this segment, responses, please, will be limited to 60 seconds, and follow-up answers to any further questions would remain at 30 seconds.

And all of us here tonight keenly aware of the race against time in Huntington, Utah, as rescuers attempt to locate the six trapped miners there. And with them in all of our thoughts, we'd like to turn the floor over to Deborah Hamner of Buckhannon, West Virginia, whose husband, George Junior Hamner, was one of those killed in last year's accident at the Sago mine.

Mrs. Hamner, you have the condolences of all of us up on this stage, and you also have our first question of this segment, which will go to Senator Biden.

DEBORAHMODERATORNER (Sago miner widow) Thank you.

My husband, George Junior Hamner, was one of the 12 men who were killed in the Sago Mine last year. It's happening again right now with the six trapped miners in Utah. I feel that the Bush administration has failed workers like my husband by rolling back dozens of important workplace protections.

My question is, as president, what will you do to improve the health and safety in our coal mines and all of our workplaces across America? (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Mrs. Hamner. Senator Biden?

LOSER (Madame ?), I'm sorry about -- I understand what it's like to lose a spouse, and it's not an easy thing, and my heart goes out to you.

I would implement every one of the recommendations that have been already made and have not been implemented. The president of the United Mine Workers is sitting down there. He's forgotten more about this than most of us know.

But folks, I got to say something here. Everyone's entitled to their own opinion, but not their own facts. The truth of the matter is, none of what you heard earlier is correct. It's already the policy of the United States, has been for four years, that if there was actionable intelligence, we would go into -- into Pakistan. That's the law.

Secondly, it's already the law, that I wrote into the law, saying that in fact we don't cooperation from Musharraf, we cut off his money.

It's time everybody start to know the facts -- the facts. (Booing.)

OLBERMANN Senator Biden, thank you.

Our next question is going to go to Congressman Kucinich. It comes from Shirley Brown from here in Chicago.

Ms. Brown.

SHIRLEY BROWN (CHICAGO HOSPITAL WORKER) Good evening.

I work for Resurrection Hospital in the Chicago area for over 11 years. My co-workers and I have been trying to form a union. Resurrection has challenged us every step of the way. Even eight of my co-workers has been fired who supported the union.

I want to know, what would you do to restore the rights of workers like myself who want to form a union? (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Ms. Brown.

Congressman.

LOSER It'll be very easy to predict where I'll come from, because I am a member of the AFL-CIO, Local 600 of the IATSE. I have been working with unions my whole life. The right to organize is a basic right in a Democratic society.

And in a workers White House under a Kucinich administration, the right to organize, the right to collective bargaining, the right to strike, the right to decent wages and benefits, the right to a safe workplace, the right to a secure retirement, the right to participate in a political process -- these are all basic rights that will be the hallmark of a presidency by Kucinich.

Thank you. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Congressman.

Our next question will be for Governor Richardson. It's coming from an Iraq War veteran, Jim McGovern of Gwinn, Michigan.

Jim.

JIM MCGOVERN (FORMER MAYTAG WORKER AND IRAQ WAR VETERAN) Hello.

After serving in Iraq for a year, I came home to find that my factory job at Maytag had closed and moved to Mexico. That's not what I was hoping for when I came home from war. I was making good wages and benefits, and it was devastating to me and my family and our community and after three years, it still is.

So what will you do to keep manufacturing jobs like mine from leaving the country?

OLBERMANN Jim, thank you for your question. Thank you for your service.

Governor.

LOSER I was just in your town. It's Newton, Iowa. And I met with many workers that lost those Maytag jobs.

I would protect their pensions from this restructuring. I would protect their health care. What I would ensure that you had in the future is job protection, OSHA protection.

What I would also say to you as an Iraqi war veteran, when you come home, I will have guaranteed to protect our veterans, to fully fund VA hospitals, to deal with the issues like mental health and PTSD for thousands of our Iraqi and Afghanistan vets coming home. And something else I will do for all veterans -- today you've got to get your health care at the VA; sometimes it's 170 miles away. They're understaffed, they're not fully funded. I would guarantee funding for those VA hospitals, but I would also give you a heroes health card so that you and Iraqi, Afghanistan, all veterans can get health care in America anywhere you want, anywhere you want. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Governor, thank you.

Not everyone's in the AFL-CIO who wanted to pose a question could come here. Many of them are at work. So by the Internet, for Senator Dodd, from a patriot in Ohio, a member of an AFL-CIO-affiliated union. Let me read the question, Senator.

My 21-year-old daughter joined the Army Reserves after high school at the age of 19. She's currently a sergeant in the Army and is serving her 10th month in Iraq. With all the billions of dollars being spent on the war, I want to know why my daughter was forced to buy some of her own required uniform and other gear the Army didn't supply her. Also, in every war, active-duty military normally were deployed for six months overseas. Why is the active Reserves required to spend more than double this time in Iraq?

LOSER Well, first of all, thank you. I believe I'm the only candidate on this stage who actually served in the National Guard and Reserves back in the 1960s and 70s, so I'm someone who's standing and feeling what it means to be in uniform.

Over the last four years, I've offered on four different occasions on the floor of the United States Senate -- my colleagues are aware of this -- efforts to see that body armor and equipment would be available for our troops on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan, and on four individual occasions I was rebuffed by Republicans in the United States Senate. This bologna about how they care for our troops in Iraq when they wouldn't be willing to stand up and provide the kind of protection they deserve is something I would never ever tolerate as president of the United States.

Our soldiers deserve to get the best we have to offer -- not the Army they have, the very best they deserve. Certainly that family's a classic example of it.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, thank you.

Our next question will be for Senator Edwards from Steve Skvara of Indiana, and I apologize for making you wait so long, sir.

STEVE SKVARA (retired steel worker) Not a problem.

After 34 years with LTV Steel, I was forced to retire because of a disability. Two years later, LTV filed bankruptcy. I lost a third of my pension, and my family lost their health care. Every day of my life I sit at the kitchen table across from the woman who devoted 36 years of her life to my family, and I can't afford to pay for her health care. What's wrong with America, and what will you do to change it? (Extended cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards.

LOSER Bless you, first of all, for what you've been through. You're a perfect example of exactly what's wrong with America both on pension protection and on health care. And we've, unfortunately, not been able to do the things that need to be done in this country.

I have a very simple view about this. My view is that we ought to treat the pensions and the retirement of the chairmen and CEOs of companies exactly the way we treat every other worker in the company -- (off mike) -- (cheers, applause) -- and we ought to have -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- and we ought to have universal health care in this country -- (cheers) -- we need it in the worst kind of way so that when you're bargaining, you're not bargaining about health care costs.

But I want to say one other thing. I intend to be the president of the United States who walks onto the White House lawn and explains to America how important unions and organized labor is to the future and the economic security of this country. It is fine to come up on this stage and give a nice talk. The question is, who's been with you in the crunch? In the last few years, 200 times I have walked picket lines. I have helped organize thousands of workers with 23 national unions. I have worked with employers.

Here's what you need to ask yourself. It's great to give a talk --

OLBERMANN Senator? Senator we're out of time.

LOSER Let me finish this. (Cheers, applause.) It's great to give a talk. It is great to give a talk, but who was with you in crunch time? Because if we were with you in crunch time, we will be with you when crunch time comes for you in all of organized labor. (Cheers, applause.) That's the question you need to ask yourself.

OLBERMANN Senator?

LOSER Who will stand with you when it really matters?

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Edwards.

Senator Clinton, we have an Internet question that relates to the same topic. It was sent in by someone who identifies themself merely as Union Lifer. How can you reassure people who have rightfully earned a pension that they earned a pension that they will be able to take advantage of that benefit without descending into poverty?

LOSER Well, I want to thank all the questioners. You've been -- those of you watching on TV have seen a real snapshot of all of the problems in America. The pension system is broken. We've got to stop companies going into bankruptcy in order to get rid of their pension responsibilities. (Cheers, applause.) We have to have defined benefits pension plans again. We've got to make sure that nobody ever tries to privatize Social Security, something that I've fought tooth and nail with many of you to prevent.

And I want to quickly say to the woman who lost her husband at the Sago mine, Chris Dodd and I were on the committee that passed some very good laws. The problem is we have an administration that doesn't want to enforce those laws. When I am president, we'll have a Department of Labor that actually cares about labor.

And when it comes to organizing at Resurrection Hospital, I will be the president who signs the Employee Free Choice Act. (Cheers, applause.)

But let me also say -- (sustained applause) -- we will rebuild our manufacturing sector, because you cannot have a strong government and economy and society without manufacturing. And I am proud to be the New York AFL-CIO's favorite sister because of all the work that I've done with our unions in New York, and I will take that same commitment to the White House.

OLBERMANN Senator, thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

Senator Obama, the next question will from you from our audience -- or for you from Jorge Mulasano.

Mr. Mulasano?

JORGE MULASANO (hotel worker) I'm from Argentina, and six months ago I proudly became citizen of this great country. (Applause.)

My concern is for those undocumented workers that established roots here. And my question would be, in your future, if you're going to create a path to the citizenship for those workers.

OLBERMANN Congratulations, Mr. Mulasano.

Senator?

WINNER First of all, congratulations. We're so proud that you're now a part of the American family. And I look forward and I want your vote, your first vote cast.

MULASANO Thank you. I will. I will. I can't wait. I can't wait. (Cheers.)

WINNER Look, I think it's possible for us to be a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. That's what we've always been and that's what we have to continue to be. And that's why I've worked in the Senate and will work hard as president to make sure that we've got comprehensive immigration reform that has strong border security. We need to make sure that it's orderly, that we don't have thousands of people pouring over our borders or overstaying our visas.

But we also have to make sure that employers are held accountable, because right now employers are taking advantage of undocumented workers. (Applause.) They don't have benefits. They don't -- aren't paying the minimum wage. That is equally important. They've got to be held accountable.

And finally, we've got to give a pathway to citizenship. But people have to earn it. They're going to have to pay a fine. They've got to make sure that they're learning English. They've got to go to the back of the line so that they're not rewarded for having broken the law. (Cheers, applause.)

If we do those things, then I think that it's possible for us to bring together the country instead of seeing the country continually divided.

One last thing I've got to say. John said something important, and that is, you want to look to see where people have been to know where they're going. Just a few miles down from here is where the LTV plant used to be. And I originally came to Chicago to work with a community organization, with churches and with unions to deal with laid-off steel workers.

Resurrection, I've worked with you and marched on your picket lines. (Scattered applause.) Everybody in this stadium knows the work I've done with Illinois labor, and that's what I want to do all across the country. So thank you so much, everybody.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator. (Cheers, applause.)

Senator Biden, the next question will be for you. Barbara Janusiak has come in from Milwaukee for it.

Barbara, please.

BARBARA JANUSIAK (intensive care nurse) As a nurse, I live with the failures of the American health care system daily.

We don't have enough nurses to staff our hospitals. There are millions of unemployed -- well, that too, but millions of uninsured. And even those who are insured do not get the care that they need because they are either denied coverage or the costs are too high.

As president, how would you address these issues?

LOSER The first thing I'd do is let you know I know what it's like. I spent seven months in the hospital with a couple cranial aneurysms and a major embolism. If there's any nurses -- if there's any angels in heaven, they're all nurses; I can assure you that, number one. (Cheers, applause.)

Number two I think we need -- others agree with me up here. We need not 100,000 new cops, which is the bill I wrote, but 100,000 new nurses that we fund in order to make things better.

Number three We have to be in a position where we don't let the enemy become the -- excuse me, the perfect become the enemy of the good. In the first year, I'd insure every single, solitary child in America and make sure catastrophic insurance exists, and for every single person in America, while we move toward a national health care system covering anybody.

And in terms of walking the walk, let's make something clear here. For 34 years, I've walked with you on picket lines. 25 years ago with Reverend Jackson -- he and I walked on picket lines together. And the fact of the matter is, it's not where you've been the last two years. Where were you the six years you were in the Senate? How many picket lines did you walk on?

How many times -- look at our records. Look at our records. There's no one on this stage, mainly because of my longevity, that has a better labor record than me. The question is, did you walk when it cost? Did you walk when you were from a state that is not a labor state? Did you walk when the corporations in your state were opposed to you? That's the measure of whether we'll be with you when it's tough, not when you're running for president in the last two years, marching on 20 or 30 or 50 picket lines.

OLBERMANN Senator Biden, thank you.

I have another Internet question. It's for Congressman Kucinich from Diana at Cookeville, Tennessee. And she writes, I lost my job last year because the plant closed.

I've tried to get a permanent job to get health insurance, but the only thing I can find is temporary, where there is no health insurance. I am 60 years old, too young to retire. We need health care for every citizen in the USA. What can you do about this problem?

LOSER I've introduced a bill. I'm the coauthor of a bill, H.R. 676, to provide for universal, single-payer, not-for-profit health care, Medicare for all. Isn't it time to cover every American with a not-for-profit system? Furthermore, 46 million Americans without any health care, 50 million Americans uninsured. You know and I know this is the issue at the bargaining table. With my plan, no more premiums, no more co-pays, no more deductibles. We're already paying for a universal standard of care, we're not getting it. Let's take health care off the bargaining table and put it right in the kitchen where people have the care with a Kucinich plan for universal, single-payer, not-for-profit health care.

Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Congressman Kucinich, thank you.

I'm going to stray from our schedule here. Senator Edwards, your name was invoked, at least by inference, from by Senator Biden. Would you like to respond in 30 seconds?

LOSER Yeah, I mean, every president of a union who's here today and their membership knows exactly where I've been. Two hundred times I've walked on picket lines. I was on a picket line on Saturday. I was on a picket line on Sunday. (Cheers.) I have been in organizing campaigns all over this country.

Here's the America that I believe in. I believe in an America where anyone who works hard is able to earn a decent wage. I believe in an America where somebody who works hard doesn't have to worry about whether their child has health care. I believe in an America where anybody whose been with a company for 20 years has a pension and it can't be taken away. And finally, I believe in an America where if you have to go out on strike, no scab can walk through that picket line and take your job -- (cheers, applause) -- away from you.

OLBERMANN Senator --

LOSER That's what kind of America I believe in, and that's what the kind of America I will lead as president of the United States. (Continued cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards, you're from a right-to-work state, though, are you not? In 15 seconds, are you not from a right- to-work state?

LOSER I am. And I have been a leader on the issues of organized labor and the issues of labor unions for years and years and years. Even though I'm from a state that has a very -- just like Joe -- and he deserves credit for that -- I'm from a state that has a very small organized labor contingent, but I want to say something about this. The reason that it's so important to have a president of the United States who understands the importance of organized labor, not just the politics, not just for political support, but understands and is willing to speak to America about the critical importance of organized labor in the long-term economic security of all Americans, not just those who are in labor unions now -- labor unions have built the middle class in this country.

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards --

LOSER The American people need to hear and understand that.

OLBERMANN Thank you. I have to -- Senator Dodd is -- I've got people waiting to ask this next question of Senator Dodd.

Senator Biden --

LOSER (Off mike) -- in 1999, 1998, 1997 --

OLBERMANN -- let me get some of these good people their questions. (Crowd reacts.) It's for Senator Dodd. Bob Flynn from Chicago. Bob?

ROBERT FLYNN (Insulator) Yes. I'm a union insulator. We work building buildings, making them energy efficient. (Cheers.) Unfortunately, many companies don't invest in energy-efficient products, even though in the long run they'll save money. If you're president, what policies would you implement to make businesses invest in energy-efficient technologies to stop our reliances on foreign oil and help our environment?

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd?

LOSER Okay, great question. (Applause.) Let me say one quick thing on this health care issue. Every member of Congress up here has a pretty good health care plan; I want Americans to have as good a health care plan as members of Congress have. (Crowd reacts.)

Regarding this issue here -- look, on energy issues here, I believe very strongly that we all share the same goals up here, that I stand for having an 80 percent reduction in CO2 by the year 2080; we do so by setting a mile per gallon standard of 50 miles per gallon by the year 2017. There were automobiles produced back in 1983 that got 43 miles per gallon; we can do a lot better.

I would tax those who pollute. I would use the money from that to invest in the alternative technologies of wind and solar and ethanol and other biofuels that would make it possible for us to become independent. There's no other gift that you and I could give to our children and our grandchildren that could be more important that having an independent energy policy utilizing the technologies and ideas that exist in this country.

It ought to be a priority for us to do so, to improve our health, to create jobs and to lessen the kind of national security problems we face all over the world because of oil interests. I stand for it and as president, I'll fight for it.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Dodd.

I have a final -- I have an Internet for you, Senator Clinton, if you can stand by for this, from Shirley Forpe in Schaumburg, who is a member of Local 1211 of the IFT-AFT. And it is relevant, because this is coming up for reauthorization next month. She asks, what specific changes to the No Child Left Behind do you believe must be made? (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER Okay, in 30 seconds, let me take 15 seconds to answer the previous gentleman's question.

I believe that I have supported a green building fund and green- collar job training with the AFL-CIO that will put a lot of people too work, like the insulator who just asked that question. And it's important that we do this, because we can create millions of new jobs.

Specifically with No Child Left Behind, it has been a terrible imposition on teachers and school districts and families and students. (Cheers, applause.) And part of it is because it was not funded. It was an unfunded mandate. And part of it is that the Department of Education under President Bush did not absolutely enforce it and interpret it in the right way.

So we need growth models for students. We need broader curriculum. We need to make sure that when we look at our children, we don't just see a little walking test. We've got to have a total change in No Child Left Behind.

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, thank you.

The next set of questions will be coming from a Mr. Keith O. of New York. A lightning round, and it's still said with great caution, comes up after this next break.

Thank you.

(Announcements.)

OLBERMANN Hi from Soldier Field in Chicago, in time to speed things up for what turns out to be the last 15 minutes. We've been granted an additional five minutes, unless anybody has anything they'd rather be doing here.

This is our lightning round. And again it is a doubtful phrase, but it's still probably better than the alternative suggestion, which was "speed dating." (Laughter.) As befits the name, please limit your responses to 30 seconds.

I will begin with Governor Richardson. What would your job description be for your vice president?

LOSER My vice president would not be Dick Cheney. In fact -- (laughter, cheers, applause) -- I would not have -- my vice president would be a member of the executive branch.

What I would also say is that my vice president has to have the ability to step into the presidency. More than any other reason, that would be the reason to select a vice presidential candidate. In fact, I think any of these here on this stage would be an excellent vice president for me. (Laughter, applause.)

OLBERMANN Governor Richardson, thank you.

Continuing the lightning round, Senator Clinton, this past Saturday you defended taking money from lobbyists, and the quote was this "A lot of those lobbyists, whether you like it or not, represent real Americans, they actually do." Why, though, do these lobbyists make more money, by and large, than average Americans?

LOSER Well, you know, Keith, I believe we've got to have fundamental reform in Washington. I'm in favor of, especially after Bush and Cheney and Rove, to clean up what they're leaving behind -- to end the no-bid contracts, the revolving door in government. I think it's absolutely essential that, you know, we get rid of all of the contracting out of government jobs, which has really undermined -- (cheers, applause) -- the quality of services.

But you know, I think it is also the case that I have fought for all of these issues against a lot of special interests for a very long time. I fought the drug companies and the insurance companies in '93 and '94. I caught -- fought them again on the Medicare prescription drug benefit. I fought the banks --

OLBERMANN Senator?

LOSER -- on bankruptcy reform.

So I think that my record --

OLBERMANN We're past --

LOSER -- on standing up and fighting for people really speaks for itself.

OLBERMANN -- 30 seconds.

Senator Obama, I know you and Senator Edwards have taken a firm stand against accepting money from lobbyists, yet you allow them to raise money for you and, as the phrase goes, bundle it. What's the difference between those things?

WINNER No, no, I do not have federal-registered lobbyists bundling for me, just like I don't take PAC money. And the reason that's important -- (scattered applause) -- is because the people in this stadium need to know who we are going to fight for.

And I want to be absolutely clear that the reason I'm in public life, the reason I came to Chicago, the reason I started working with unions, the reason I march on picket lines, the reason that I am running for president is because of you, not because of folks who are writing big checks. (Applause.) And that's a clear message that has to be sent, I think, by every candidate.

OLBERMANN Senator Obama, thank you for your correction.

Senator Edwards, I have a question for you. You made your substantial fortune as a trial lawyer. Trial lawyers are now contributing significantly to your campaign. How is that any better than lobbyists?

LOSER Because -- it's very different, because what's happened is the lobbyists in Washington, D.C., are the people whose job it is to rig this system against all of you. They do it every single day. They get paid to do it.

And the difference, by the way, between them and lawyers is lawyers go into courtrooms doing exactly the same thing, speaking to a jury, but when lawyers give money to the jury who are making the decisions, that's called a bribe. When lobbyists go to members of Congress and give money to them, that's called politics. The question is, are we actually going to bring an end to this? Are we going to stop it? You're being outspent 18 to 1 by big multinational corporate lobbyists in Washington, D.C.

What I believe is that America needs change, and I think the Democratic Party -- we don't need lobbyists in Washington, D.C.

OLBERMANN Senator.

LOSER We need the Democratic Party to stand up for working men and women, and we need a president of the United States who will stand up for working men and women. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Edwards.

Senator Biden, if we are in as dire shape or anywhere near it internationally in terms of counterterror, would you treat this as a wartime situation, would you go bipartisan if you were president of the United States? Would you appoint a Republican to run either the Department of Homeland Security or the Pentagon?

LOSER The answer is I would consider that. The fact of the matter is the next president of the United States is going to have to bring this country together. We are not blue and red. We cannot be sustained that way. We cannot get health care, we cannot get a foreign policy, we cannot do anything with a 51 percent solution.

Every one of the things we've talked about here requires a consensus, and if you don't have the experience that I have and the success I've had reaching across the aisle, what makes you think you're going to get a national health care plan? What makes you think you're going to have an education plan? What makes you think you're going to have a rational foreign policy? The answer is, I would consider the most competent people I could, and I would try my best to reach across the aisle to reasonable people to unite this country. It needs to be united. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Biden, thank you.

Senator Dodd, there have been no terrorist attacks on U.S. soil since 9/11. Does that mean that the creation of the Department of Homeland Security was a good idea?

LOSER Well, no, I don't -- Homeland Security is far too large, in my view, and of course, the efforts to deprive people to be able to organize into that department was one of the great tragedies, in my view, here. People ought to be allowed to organize, collectively bargain, the department of employees -- Homeland employees in our country here.

And certainly, I happen to believe that we're not safer today even though we have not had an attack on our own soil. Tell that to the people in Iraq, tell that to the people in Afghanistan, tell that to the people around the world. Terrorism's a real issue. It's going to require a collective effort on behalf our nation working with others to make a difference. Terrorism is a tactic, it's not a philosophy, and it's going to require an inordinate amount of cooperation to solve that. Having the kind of first responders at home like the firefighters and police and EMS services that have the tools and the ability to stand up and defend our country has not been funded.

So while we haven't been attacked, I think we're vulnerable today more so than we were right after 9/11.

OLBERMANN Senator Dodd, thank you.

Congressman Kucinich, we have many members of Congress and all of you have been there at one point in your careers. What have you accomplished in this current session? What have you and your Democratic colleagues changed since the midterm elections last fall?

LOSER First of all, you know, my position is to try to lead the Democrats, and so I have a bill for not-for-profit health care, where I've been able to get 72 members of Congress to sign on for it. I have a bill to create an infrastructure to rebuild America; I'm lobbying members of Congress for that. I have a bill to get us out of Iraq; I'm lobbying members of Congress for that.

I, frankly, believe that the Democratic Congress took a major responsibility in November of 2006 to get out of Iraq.

They haven't kept that promise yet, and I'm working all the time to try to get the Democrats to keep that promise to bring our troops home. I've been there for every single piece of legislation -- health care, retirement security, jobs -- and I'm going to be there to keep pushing the envelope to get us out of Iraq, and we shouldn't have to wait for a Democratic president to do it.

OLBERMANN Congressman --

LOSER The Democratic Congress needs to act now.

OLBERMANN Congressman Kucinich, thank you.

LOSER Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Obama, were you president of the United States today, would you honor Barry Bonds at the White House? (Laughter, booing.)

WINNER Well, first of all, he's still got to hit one more, and it's been taking a while. And I had the opportunity to meet Hank Aaron just this past weekend. It reminded me of what sports should be, and that is something that young people can look up to.

Now, Barry Bonds has been a remarkable baseball player, and I honor his achievements. But I hope that all of us are focused on making sure that sports is something that kids can look up to, not something that they start feeling cynical about. We've got cynicism in politics without having cynicism in our sports teams as well. (Applause.)

OLBERMANN Is that a no, sir, or a yes?

WINNER Well, like I said, he hasn't done it yet, so we'll answer the question when it comes. (Laughter.)

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, it's been nearly two years now since Hurricane Katrina. What is the first thing you would do as president to improve the recovery in New Orleans?

LOSER Well, the first thing I would do is put somebody in charge who actually cared about the people of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast and was willing to really do what it took. (Cheers, applause.)

You know, I outlined a 10-point plan -- we don't have 30 seconds -- I can't say it in 30 seconds -- but briefly it is put somebody in charge, make sure that the White House has a system where that person reports to the president, which is what I would expect every single day.

And my question would be, what have you done to get the hospitals open? What have you done to get people to move back? What have you done to make sure the levees are strong enough to withstand whatever might come next?

We've got to recognize rebuilding New Orleans is an American problem, not a New Orleans or Louisiana problem alone. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Biden, would you pledge to stop no-bid contracts?

LOSER Yes. (Laughter, cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN You have an additional 20 seconds. (Laughs, laughter.)

This debate, falling 455 days before the 2008 general election -- just 455 days -- I want to ask everyone, and we'll go right down the line, for 30 seconds each. As president, will it disturb you that the race to replace you will begin possibly only days into your first term? (Laughter.)

Governor Richardson.

LOSER I can't hear you.

OLBERMANN The race to replace you would begin perhaps days into your first term as president. Does that trouble you?

LOSER Yes, it would trouble me. But what I would want to do is bring this country together.

We need (sic) enormous challenges to face. It's got to be done in a bipartisan way. I believe that I've got the most experience with foreign policy. I believe I've got the most executive experience as a governor. We elect governors in this country. I represent change, experience and electability. So even if there were a potential contest or somebody surfacing, I believe that I would have the ability to bring this country together, to heal this country, to end the divisions after the Iraq war, to make the middle class feel that their president is behind them, to have universal health care for all Americans.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Governor.

Senator Obama, again -- (cheers, applause) -- we're standing here 455 days until the election. Does it not worry you -- is there not something wrong with American politics that -- that, indeed, the next campaign, the 2012 campaign, might begin shortly after your inaugural?

WINNER Campaigns last too long and they cost too much money. And they're disproportionately influenced by Washington insiders, which is why it's not going to be enough just to change political parties. Look, George Bush has been a disaster, and we all know that -- (applause) -- and we're going to make sure that we don't have another Republican in office.

But we also have to make sure that we are mobilizing Americans across race, regions, (faiths ?), if we're actually going to bring these changes about. And what I've been happy about in my campaign is it reminds people all the time, change doesn't happen from the top down, it happens from the bottom up. It's because millions of voices get mobilized -- (applause) -- and organized, just like the people who are in this stadium here today.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Obama.

Senator Biden, I know I'm putting the cart before the horse big time here, but what about this fact that the campaigns are starting earlier and earlier and your successor, or your would-be successor, might be coming in the day you were sworn in yourself?

LOSER No, it wouldn't bother me, because I believe if I did the job I'm capable of doing, it would not start then. The reason it started so early now is because we're so angry, we're so frustrated. We know how badly this president has ruined this country. We know how terrible we are internationally.

And I believe, quite frankly, that there are certain things that when I became president, you'd never have to wonder what I thought and you'd never have to wonder whether -- what I was willing to lose over. I think the next president of the United States when he or she takes office better understand two things. One, they're going to be left with virtually no margin of error. And two, they better understand and believe what it's worth losing over if they're going to get anything done. That's the president I'd be. I wouldn't worry a bit about it.

OLBERMANN Senator Biden, thank you.

The same question to you in 30 seconds, Senator Clinton. What about this case of perpetual campaigning?

LOSER You know, I think I'll be so busy, I'm just not going to worry about that. We're going to try to do national health care as soon as we get in there. We're going to have to bring people together to do that. We're going to move for energy independence and create those millions of new jobs. We're going to finally have an education policy that actually will work for students and teachers and families and communities.

There's going to be so much work for America to do that if some people want to go out and start running for president four years ahead of time, I don't care. I want people to stay focused on what we have to accomplish together.

There's going to be a lot of repair work to do, and I'm going to ask people to come to Washington. Bring your brooms. Bring your vacuum cleaners. We've got to clean the place out and get to work together. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Senator Clinton, thank you.

Senator Dodd, it appears I'm the only one out here troubled by long campaigns.

LOSER No, I think all of us are troubled by it. But I think what needs to be understood, this campaign started early not because it began with the top down. It began because people like those gathered here this evening were so frustrated and so angry over how this administration was treating our country at home and abroad that they were demanding answers.

Were this a parliamentary system, George Bush would be gone by tonight. (Applause.) We don't have a parliamentary system. We have an election system. And so the frustration comes from the bottom up.

And I happen to believe what Joe and Hillary have said here. If we start doing the job that we're committed to, if you look at our records and where we've been on these issues over the years, you have a higher degree of confidence in that. And if we begin working on health care, on education, on energy and environmental policy, putting people back to work, you can have all the campaigns you want --

OLBERMANN Senator --

LOSER -- but America, I think, will respect that and rally behind it.

OLBERMANN Thank you, Senator Dodd.

Senator Edwards, is it too long? Is it implausible that we would be starting to look for the 2012 candidates?

LOSER It's definitely too long. And one of the things we could do is publicly finance our political campaigns, which we should do. (Applause.)

But we need change in this country in the worst kind of way. I asked James Lowe, who's 51 years old, who I referred to in a previous debate, who's from Virginia, to be here tonight. He was born with a severe cleft palate and lived 50 years of his life in America without being able to speak because he couldn't get the health care that he needed.

Now, I don't know about you. He was very noble and kind about it. I think it is outrageous that in the United States of America somebody could live for five decades not able to talk because they can't get the health care they need.

When are we going to actually stand up to these drug companies, these insurance companies? We've got to stop playing nice. We have to beat these people. There is too much at stake for America and too much at stake for people like James Lowe.

OLBERMANN Senator Edwards, thanks.

Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER I'm kind of the Seabiscuit of this campaign. (Laughter.) And when I come from behind to win this race, people are going to say, "No way we're going to run against this guy."

And so -- and another reason they're going to say it is because my first month in office -- cancel NAFTA and the WTO, trade-based on workers' rights, human rights, environmental quality principles, on not-for-profit health care system, saving Social Security, making sure we have universal pre-kindergarten -- let me tell you, when I push through that agenda and establish a workers' White House, they're going to be there to say, "No competition in 2012. We're ready for Kucinich for seven years, eight years. Let's keep going." Make it happen. (Cheers, applause.)

OLBERMANN Thanks for settling that, Congressman.

One stage, seven candidates, and only 96 minutes. We hope we feel -- or you feel that we have spent your time well. Our thanks to the AFL-CIO for sponsoring this forum, and my thanks to the people of MSNBC and NBC News, and most especially to these seven candidates on this stage, for making tonight happen.

Participants 
Senator Joseph Biden, Jr. (D-De); 
Senator Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.); 
Senator Christopher Dodd (D-Conn.); 
Former Senator John Edwards (D-S.C.); 
Former Senator Mike Gravel (D-AK); 
Representative Dennis Kucinich (D-OH); 
Senator Barack Obama (D-IL); 
and Governor Bill Richardson (D-NM)
MODERATOR Anderson Cooper, CNN host

MODERATOR Our first question tonight is from Zack Kempf in Provo, Utah.

Q (Laughs.) What's up? I'm running out of tape! I have to hurry! So my question is, we have a bunch of leaders who can't seem to do their job. And when we pick people based on the issues that they represent, but then when they get in power and they don't do anything about it anyway. If you're going to spend this whole night talking about your views on issues, but the issues don't matter if when you get in power, nothing's going to get done.

We have Congress and the president with, like, a 30 percent approval rating, so clearly we don't think they're doing a good job. What's going to make you any more effectual, beyond all the platitudes and the stuff we're used to hearing? I mean, be honest with us How are you going to be any different?

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you've been in Congress more than 30 years. Can you honestly say you're any different?

LOSER Well, I think so. First of all, thank you for inviting us here to the Citadel. It's great to be here at this wonderful college, university. Certainly I think it's a very important question one ought to be asking, because while hope and confidence and optimism are clearly very important, I think experience matters a great deal -- the experience people bring to their candidacy, the ideas, the bold ideas that they've championed over the years, whether or not they were successful in advancing those ideas and able to bring people together.

I'm very proud of the fact that over my 26 years in the Senate, I've offered landmark legislation; the Family and Medical Leave Act, child care legislation, reform of financial institutions. In every case, those were new ideas, bold ideas that I campaigned on, and then were able to achieve in the United States Senate by bringing Republicans as well as Democrats together around those issues. That's what's missing more than anything else, I think, right now 

MODERATOR But 

LOSER  is the ability to bring people together to get the job done.

MODERATOR But if someone really wants a change, are you the guy to get it done?

LOSER Well, I think so. You all look back -- I think, you know, speeches are easy to make and rhetoric is easy to expose here, but I think the idea of looking back and saying, what have you done -- if you want to get a good idea of where someone is going to lead or how they're going to lead, I think it's very appropriate to say, what have you done? Show me, demonstrate to me the ability to get these things done that you can't get done in the past.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, your supporters say you are different. Your critics say you're inexperienced, you're a first-term senator.

WINNER Well, I think the questioner hit the nail on the head. As I travel around the country, people have an urgent desire for change in Washington. And we are not going to fix health care, we are not going to fix energy, we are not going to do anything about our education system unless we change how business is done in Washington. Now, part of that is bringing people together, as Chris said, but part of it is also overcoming special interests and lobbyists who are writing legislation that's critical to the American people.

And one of the things I bring is a perspective as a community organizer, as a state legislator, as well as a U.S. senator, that says Washington has to change.

MODERATOR A lot of people say -- Congressman Kucinich, your supporters certainly say you are different. Even your critics would probably say you are different. Here's a direct question for you.

DAVIS FLEETWOOD (Groton, Massachusetts) Hello. My name is Davis Fleetwood. I'm from Groton, Massachusetts. My question is for Dennis Kucinich. After watching the first several debates, which seemed more like conversations than actual debates, we're all clear out here that you Democrats are united. We get it.

But we have a very important decision to make coming up very soon, and Americans desperate for a change need to know, Congressman Kucinich, how would America be better off with you as president than we would be if either Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama became president?

MODERATOR What do you have that Senator Clinton and Senator Obama do not have?

LOSER Well, first of all, a clear record as having not only opposed the war from the very beginning -- the only one on this stage who actually voted against the war and also the only one on the stage who voted against funding the war a hundred percent of the time.

You know, we're here at the Citadel. I want the people of the Citadel to know that I mourn the passing of those people who gave their lives, but I also would not hesitate to call upon you to defend this country. But I'll never send you in pursuit of a political agenda or a lie.

Just like my father before me and like my -- who served in the Marines and my brother who served in the Marines in Vietnam and my nephew who served in Iraq, I believed in duty and honor, and I think it's important to have those commitments to this country.

And so I say we achieve strength through peace. That's the new doctrine that I'm going to promote throughout this campaign, that we use the science of human relations and diplomacy, that we pursue an approach which says that you can use international agreements and treaties and that you can work to settle your differences without committing the young men and women to war unless it's absolutely necessary.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you were involved in that question. I want to give you a chance to respond. 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, I think the Democrats are united, as Davis said, and we are united for change. We cannot take another four or eight years of Republican leadership that has been so disastrous for our country. The issue is, which of us is ready to lead on day one?

I have 35 years of being an instrument, an agent of change, before I was ever a public official. And during the time that I've been privileged to serve as first lady and now as senator, I've worked to bring people together, to find common ground where we can and then to stand our ground where we can't. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Time. Senator Obama, you were involved in the question, as well.

WINNER Well, look, I don't think this is just a Republican problem. I think this is a problem that spans the parties. And we don't just need a change in political parties in Washington. We've got to have a change in attitudes of those who are representing the people of America. Part of the reason I don't take PAC money, I don't take federal lobbyist money is because we've got to get the national interests up front as opposed to the special interests, and that is something that I've got a track record doing, and I think that is what the American people are looking for in this election, people of both parties as well as independents.

MODERATOR Our next question is for Senator Clinton. (Applause.)

Q (Rob Porter, Irvine, California) Hi. My name is Rob Porter, and I'm from Irvine, California. I have a question for Hillary Clinton. Mrs. Clinton, how would you define the word "liberal"? And would you use this word to describe yourself? Thank you.

LOSER You know, Rob -- (laughter) -- you know, it is a word that originally meant that you were for freedom, that you were for the freedom to achieve, that you were willing to stand against big power and on behalf of the individual. Unfortunately, in the last 30, 40 years, it has been turned up on its head, and it's been made to seem as though it is a word that describes big government, totally contrary to what its meaning was in the 19th and early 20th century.

I prefer the word "progressive," which has a real American meaning, going back to the progressive era at the beginning of the 20th century. I consider myself a modern progressive, someone who believes strongly in individual rights and freedoms, who believes that we are better as a society when we're working together and when we find ways to help those who may not have all the advantages in life get the tools they need to lead a more productive life for themselves and their families. So I consider myself a proud modern American progressive, and I think that's the kind of philosophy and practice that we need to bring back to American politics. (Applause.)

MODERATOR So you wouldn't use the word "liberal." You'd say "progressive." Senator Gravel, are you a liberal?

LOSER I wouldn't use either word. (Off mike) -- better than that. (Off mike) -- asked about change. You're not going to see any change when these people get elected. We were asked about -- that we're united. We're not united. I'm not united on many of their views.

And I want to take on Barack Obama for a minute, who said he doesn't take money from lobbyists. Well, he has 134 bundlers. Now what does he think that is? And besides that, he has received money from a Robert Wolf, the head of the USB Bank (sic; UBS Bank) in the United States, who raised $195,000 from this bank

MODERATOR Your time is up.

LOSER ... and it's a foreign-owned bank.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, I'm going to have to let you respond.

WINNER Absolutely. Well, the fact is I don't take PAC money and I don't take lobbyists' money. And the bundlers -- the reason you know who is raising money for me, Mike, is because I have pushed through a law this past session to disclose that. And that's the kind of leadership that I've shown in the Senate. That's the kind of leadership that I showed when I was a state legislator. And that's the kind of leadership that I'll show as president of the United States.

LOSER Wait a minute...



MODERATOR Our next question is for Senator Biden.

Q Hello. This question is for all of the candidates. Partisanship played a major role in why nothing can be done in Washington today. All of you say you will be able to work with Republicans. Well, here's a test. If you had to pick any Republican member of Congress or Republican governor to be your running mate, who would it be?

LOSER At the risk of hurting his reputation -- and it will hurt him -- but I would pick Chuck Hagel, and I'd consider asking Dick Lugar to be secretary of state. And I do have -- I do have a record of significant accomplishment. The crime bill, which became known as the Clinton crime bill, was written by Joe Biden, the Biden crime bill. That required me to cross over, get everyone together, not -- no one's civil liberties were in any way jeopardized. We put 100,000 cops on the street. Violent crime came down. The Violence against Women Act, what we did in Bosnia, and so on. So I have a track record of being able to cross over and get things done. And by the way, if you want to end all this money, support my effort to pass public financing of all elections.



MODERATOR All right. Stay on the topic. Senator Edwards? Any Republicans?

LOSER Actually, I think Chuck Hagel is a good choice. But I -- if you listen to these questions, they all have exactly the same thing, which is how do we bring about big change? And I think that's a fundamental threshold question. And the question is Do you believe that compromise, triangulation will bring about big change? I don't. I think the people who are powerful in Washington -- big insurance companies, big drug companies, big oil companies -- they are not going to negotiate. They are not going to give away their power. The only way that they are going to give away their power is if we take it away from them. 

And I have been standing up to these people my entire life. I have been fighting them my entire life in court rooms -- and beating them.

LOSER If you want real change, you need somebody who's taking these people on and beating them...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ... over and over and over.

MODERATOR The other thing you're going to see tonight are candidate videos. We've asked each campaign to put together a 30-second YouTube-style video. The first one is from Senator Chris Dodd.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

QUESTION Senator, I have to ask, what's with the white hair?

LOSER I don't know why you bring that up. Bill Richardson, Hillary, Joe Biden and I, we're all about the same age. I don't think the white hair is an issue.

QUESTION Well, how did you get the white hair?

LOSER Hard work, I suppose. For example, it took me seven years to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act, and I helped to end wars in Central America and bring peace to Northern Ireland. I'm ready to be president.

QUESTION Well, how many white hairs do you have?

LOSER Hundreds, thousands, I presume.

QUESTION Really?

LOSER I'm Chris Dodd, and we approved this message.

(END VIDEO CLIP)



MODERATOR There you go. Nothing wrong with white hair.



LOSER A young person with white hair, too?

MODERATOR Yes, sadly, my age is catching up to my hair.



Almost 50 percent of South Carolina's Democrats are African-Americans. It's among the highest percentage of the nation. So we're giving a lot of questions from YouTube viewers on race tonight. This first one is for Senator Edwards. Let's listen.

QUESTION Hello, America. Hello, presidential candidates. This is Will from Boston, Massachusetts. And I hope, you know, they put this question on. It's a question in the back of everybody's head. You know, in some people, it's further back than others, collecting cobwebs. But is African-Americans ever going to get reparations for slavery? I know you all are going to run around this question, dipping and dodging, so let's see how far you all can get.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, no dipping and dodging. Should African-Americans get reparations?

LOSER I'm not for reparations. I can answer that question. But I think there are other things we can do to create some equality that doesn't exist in this country today. Today there was a report that, right here in Charleston, African-Americans are paying more than their white counterparts for mortgages than any other place in America, any other place in the United States of America.  And here's an example. What is the conceivable explanation for this, that black people are paying more for their mortgage? And, by the way, it's not just low-income African Americans; it's high-income African-Americans. There's absolutely no explanation for this. It goes to the basic question that I raised just a few minutes ago.

To have a president that's going to -- is going to fight for equality, fight for real change, big change, bold change, we're going to have to somebody -- we can't trade our insiders for their insiders. That doesn't work. What we need is somebody who will take these people on, these big banks, these mortgage companies, big insurance companies, big drug companies. That's the only way we're going to bring about change. And I will do that as president. 

MODERATOR Senator Obama, your position on reparations?



WINNER I think the reparations we need right here in South Carolina is investment, for example, in our schools. I did a...  I did a town hall meeting in Florence, South Carolina, in an area called the corridor of shame. They've got buildings that students are trying to learn in that were built right after the Civil War. And we've got teachers who are not trained to teach the subjects they're teaching and high dropout rates. We've got to understand that there are corridors of shame all across the country. And if we make the investments and understand that those are our children, that's the kind of reparations that are really going to make a difference in America right now.

MODERATOR Is anyone on the stage for reparations for slavery for African-Americans? Are you?

LOSER I am. The Bible says we shall be and must be repairers of the breach. And a breach has occurred. We have to acknowledge that. It's a breach that has resulted in inequality in opportunities for education, for healthcare, for housing, for employment. And so, we must be mindful of that. But it's also a breach that has affected a lot of poor whites as well. We need to have a country which recognizes that there is an inequality of opportunity and a president who's ready to challenge the interest groups -- be they insurance companies or mortgage companies or defense contractors who are taking the money away from the people who need it.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER Yes, I am for repairing the breach. Yes, I am for reparations.

MODERATOR Our next question is for Senator Dodd.

Q Do you believe the response in the wake of Hurricane Katrina would have been different if the storm hit an affluent, predominantly white city? What roles do you believe race and class played in the storm's aftermath? And if you acknowledge that race and class affected the response efforts, what can you do to ensure that this won't happen in the future? And what can you do to ensure this nation's most needy people, in times of crisis and always, something will be done to help them too?

LOSER Well, it's a great question, Morgan, to raise here. It, obviously, points to one of the most dark and shameful moments in recent past history in our country -- the fact that a major American city went through a natural disaster, and we found almost (ph) little to do. The American president had almost no response whatsoever to the people of that city, New Orleans. In fact, today still, the problem persists where people who had to move out of their city, move elsewhere, and little or no efforts to make sure they can get back in their homes. They have literally thousands of people whose homes were destroyed, their economic opportunities destroyed.

I believe that had this occurred in a place with majorly a white population, we would have seen a much more rapid response and a consistent response to that issue. As an American president, we can never, ever allow again a major city, a major population center in our country go through what New Orleans, what the Gulf states did as a result of the kind of neglect from an American president. As president, I would commit to do everything possible we bring to bear the talents, the resources.

In fact, it should have been done ahead of time, to have a FEMA operation that was prepared to respond to these predictable disasters. So it's a mark of shame on our country. It ought to be reversed. It will in the Dodd administration.



MODERATOR Governor Richardson, the Democrats talk a lot about the failure of the president with Hurricane Katrina. The governor of that state was a Democrat; the mayor of that city is a Democrat as well.

LOSER Well, there was politics. All of a sudden, other states that had the similar devastation got better treatment, like Mississippi. This is what I would do. The response of our government to Katrina, before, during and after, was inexcusable. We have got to eliminate in the future any red tape that helps families -- that helps the devastation. Secondly, we have to let those that live there to come back first, instead of big moneyed interests. We have to stop the predatory lending of insurance companies, housing and many others that are ripping off the people. And then, finally, we have to make sure that a president cares -- and doesn't just pose for photo ops, but makes a difference and a commitment to rebuild that city and that region.



MODERATOR Our next question comes from JordanMODERATOR.

QUESTION Hello. My name is JordanMODERATOR, and I am a student at K.U., from Coffeyville, Kansas. This question is meant for Senator Obama and Senator Clinton. Whenever I read an editorial about one of you, the author never fails to mention the issue of race or gender, respectively. Either one is not authentically black enough, or the other is not satisfactorily feminine. How will you address these critics and their charges if one or both of you should end up on the Democratic ticket in '08?

MODERATOR Senator Obama, how do you address those who say you're not authentically black enough?



WINNER Well...

MODERATOR Not my question; Jordan's question.

WINNER You know, when I'm catching a cab in Manhattan -- in the past, I think I've given my credentials.

(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)

But let me go to the broader issue here. And that is that race permeates our society. It is still a critical problem. But I do believe in the core decency of the American people, and I think they want to get beyond some of our racial divisions. Unfortunately, we've had a White House that hasn't invested in the kinds of steps that have to be done to overcome the legacy of slavery and Jim Crow in this country. And as president of the United States, my commitment on issues like education, my commitment on issues like health care is to close the disparities and the gaps, because that's what's really going to solve the race problem in this country. If people feel like they've got a fair shake, if children feel as if the fact that they have a different surname or they've got a different skin color is not going to impede their dreams, then I am absolutely confident that we're going to be able to move forward on the challenges that we face as a country.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you have a minute as well since this question is to you.

LOSER Well, I couldn't run as anything other than a woman.



I am proud to be running as a woman. And I'm excited that I may... ... you know, may be able, finally, to break that hardest of all glass ceilings. But, obviously, I'm not running because I'm a woman. I'm running because I think I'm the most qualified and experienced person to hit the ground running in January 2009. And I trust the American people to make a decision that is not about me or my gender, or about Barack or his race or about Bill and his ethnicity, but about what is best for you and your family. We have big challenges...  ... and big needs in our country. And I think we're going to need experienced and strong leadership in order to start handling all of the problems that we have here at home and around the world. And when I'm inaugurated, I think it's going to send a great message to a lot of little girls and boys around the world.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards...



Senator Edwards, earlier this week, your wife said that you would be a better advocate for women than Senator Clinton. Was she right?

LOSER Well, let me say first that on the question that was just asked to Senator Obama...

MODERATOR We prefer you stay on the question...

LOSER I'm going to stay on your question. I promise I'll answer that question. But the first thing I want to say -- and I want to speak for everybody, I believe, on this stage -- anybody who's considering not voting for Senator Obama because he's black or for Senator Clinton because she's a woman, I don't want their vote. I don't want them voting for me.



I think what Elizabeth was saying was -- to answer your question, what Elizabeth was saying was there are very important issues facing women in this country. More women are affected by the minimum wage than men are affected by the minimum wage. I have been the most aggressive -- in fact, I would challenge every Democrat on this stage today to commit to raising the minimum wage to $9.50 an hour by the year 2012.



Second, there are more women in poverty than men in poverty. And I have made this a central cause in my life and a central cause in my campaign. More women have difficulty getting the health care that they need than men do. And I was the first person to come out with a comprehensive, truly universal health care plan.

MODERATOR So do you think you're a better advocate for women than Senator Clinton?

LOSER Those are issues -- listen, Senator Clinton has a long history of speaking out on behalf of women. She deserves to be commended for that. But I believe that on the issues that directly affect women's lives, I have the strongest, boldest ideas and can bring about the change that needs to be brought.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, is he a better advocate for women?



LOSER Anderson, I have a great deal of admiration for Elizabeth Edwards. And I appreciate greatly John's comments. You know, I have spent my entire life advocating for women. I went to Beijing in 1995 and said that women's rights are human rights, and I've done everything I can to make that principle come true. And, specifically on issues, I got to vote to raise the minimum wage.

I put in legislation which said that Congress should not get a salary increase until they did raise the minimum wage, and I am putting that back in, because I agree that by the time we got it raised after 10 years, it was already out of date. And as to women in poverty and women with health care needs, I have been on the forefront of both advocating and creating change in my public service, in my time in Arkansas, the White House, and now in the Senate. But I think it is terrific. We're up here arguing about who's going to be better for women, because isn't that a nice change for everybody to hear.



MODERATOR Our next question is on a topic that got a lot of response from YouTube viewers. Let's watch.

Q Hi. My name is Mary. And my name is Jen. And we're from Brooklyn, New York. If you were elected president of the United States, would you allow us to be married to each other?

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER Mary and Jen, the answer to your question is yes. And let me tell you why.



Because if our Constitution really means what it says, that all are created equal, if it really means what it says, that there should be equality of opportunity before the law, then our brothers and sisters who happen to be gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgendered should have the same rights accorded to them as anyone else, and that includes the ability to have a civil marriage ceremony. Yes, I support you. And welcome to a better and a new America under a President Kucinich administration.



MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you supported the Defense of Marriage Act. What's your position?

LOSER I've made the case, Anderson, that -- my wife and I have two young daughters, age 5 and 2. I'd simply ask the audience to ask themselves the question that Jackie and I have asked How would I want my two daughters treated if they grew up and had a different sexual orientation than their parents? Good jobs, equal opportunity, to be able to retire, to visit each other, to be with each other, as other people do. So I feel very strongly, if you ask yourself the question, "How would you like your children treated if they had a different sexual orientation than their parents?," the answer is yes. They ought to have that ability in civil unions. I don't go so far as to call for marriage. I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. But my state of Connecticut, the state of New Hampshire, have endorsed civil unions. I strongly support that. But I don't go so far as marriage.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I would say to the two young women, I would level with you -- I would do what is achievable. What I think is achievable is full civil unions with full marriage rights. I would also press for you a hate crimes act in the Congress. I would eliminate "don't ask/don't tell" in the military.



If we're going to have in our military men and women that die for this country, we shouldn't give them a lecture on their sexual orientation.

LOSER I would push for domestic partnership laws, nondiscrimination in insurance and housing. I would also send a very strong message that, in my administration, I will not tolerate any discrimination on the basis of race, gender, or sexual orientation.



MODERATOR This next question is for Senator Edwards.

Q I'm Reverend Reggie Longcrier. I'm the pastor of Exodus Mission and Outreach Church in Hickory, North Carolina. Senator Edwards said his opposition to gay marriage is influenced by his Southern Baptist background. Most Americans agree it was wrong and unconstitutional to use religion to justify slavery, segregation, and denying women the right to vote. So why is it still acceptable to use religion to deny gay American their full and equal rights?



LOSER I think Reverend Longcrier asks a very important question, which is whether fundamentally -- whether it's right for any of our faith beliefs to be imposed on the American people when we're president of the United States. I do not believe that's right. I feel enormous personal conflict about this issue. I want to end discrimination. I want to do some of the things that I just heard Bill Richardson talking about -- standing up for equal rights, substantive rights, civil unions, the thing that Chris Dodd just talked about. But I think that's something everybody on this stage will commit themselves to as president of the United States. But I personally have been on a journey on this issue. I feel enormous conflict about it. As I think a lot of people know, Elizabeth spoke -- my wife Elizabeth spoke out a few weeks ago, and she actually supports gay marriage. I do not. But this is a very, very difficult issue for me. And I recognize and have enormous respect for people who have a different view of it.

MODERATOR I should also point out that the reverend is actually in the audience tonight. Where is he? Right over here. Reverend, do you feel he answered your question?



REVEREND This question was just a catalyst that promoted some other things that wrapped around that particular question, especially when it comes to fair housing practices. Also...

MODERATOR Do you think he answered the question, though?

REVEREND Not like I would like to have heard it...



MODERATOR What did you not hear?

REVEREND I didn't quite get -- some people were moving around, and I didn't quite get all of his answer. I just heard...

MODERATOR All right, there's 30 seconds more. Why is it OK to quote religious beliefs when talking about why you don't support something? That's essentially what's his question.

LOSER It's not. I mean, I've been asked a personal question which is, I think, what Reverend Longcrier is raising, and that personal question is, do I believe and do I personally support gay marriage?

LOSER The honest answer to that is I don't. But I think it is absolutely wrong, as president of the United States, for me to have used that faith basis as a basis for denying anybody their rights, and I will not do that when I'm president of the United States.



MODERATOR Senator Obama, the laws banning interracial marriage in the United States were ruled unconstitutional in 1967. What is the difference between a ban on interracial marriage and a ban on gay marriage?

WINNER Well, I think that it is important to pick up on something that was said earlier by both Dennis and by Bill, and that is that we've got to make sure that everybody is equal under the law. And the civil unions that I proposed would be equivalent in terms of making sure that all the rights that are conferred by the state are equal for same-sex couples as well as for heterosexual couples. Now, with respect to marriage, it's my belief that it's up to the individual denominations to make a decision as to whether they want to recognize marriage or not. But in terms of, you know, the rights of people to transfer property, to have hospital visitation, all those critical civil rights that are conferred by our government, those should be equal.

WINNER Well, I think that it is important to pick up on something that was said earlier by both Dennis and by Bill, and that is that we've got to make sure that everybody is equal under the law. And the civil unions that I proposed would be equivalent in terms of making sure that all the rights that are conferred by the state are equal for same-sex couples as well as for heterosexual couples.

Now, with respect to marriage, it's my belief that it's up to the individual denominations to make a decision as to whether they want to recognize marriage or not. But in terms of, you know, the rights of people to transfer property, to have hospital visitation, all those critical civil rights that are conferred by our government, those should be equal.

MODERATOR We're going to take a quick break, but before we go we're going to show another candidate video. This one is from the Clinton campaign. And then when we come back from the break, we'll see one from the -- from Senator Edwards' campaign.

(MUSIC PLAYED FROMLOSER CAMPAIGN VIDEO)

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(MUSIC PLAYED FROM EDWARDS CAMPAIGN VIDEO)

MODERATOR That was just one of the candidates' videos. If you're just joining us, that's one of the candidate videos you're going to be seeing throughout the evening as we go to commercial breaks.

Let's turn international now. We've got a lot of international questions. Let's listen.

QUESTION I'm Gabriel. And I'm Connie, from a refugee camp near Darfur.

Before you answer this question, imagine yourself the parent of one of these children.

What action do you commit to that will get these children back home to a safe Darfur and not letting it be yet another empty promise?

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, what are you going to do? Would you commit American troops?

LOSER I was at that refugee camp. And there was a refugee, a woman who came up to me. She'd been raped, her husband had been killed and she said, "When is America going to start helping?"

This is what I would do It's diplomacy. It's getting U.N. peacekeeping troops and not African Union troops. It's getting China to pressure Sudan. It's getting the European Union to be part of economic sanctions in Sudan. It's called leadership.

A no-fly zone, I believe, would be an option. But we have to be concerned about humanitarian workers being hurt by planes, being shot.

The answer here is caring about Africa. The answer here is not just thinking of our strategic interests as a country, as oil and Europe and the Middle East. It should be Africa, Asia and Latin America, doing something about poverty, about AIDS, about refugees, about those that have been left behind. That's how we restore American leadership in this country.



MODERATOR You say U.N. troops. Does that mean American troops?

LOSER United Nations peacekeeping troops, and that would primarily be Muslim troops. We need a permanent U.N. peacekeeping force, stationed somewhere.

If we get U.N. peacekeeping troops authorized for Darfur, there's some already there, it'll take six months for them to get there. Genocide is continuing there; 200,000 have died; close to 2 million refugees in that region.

America needs to respond with diplomacy, with diplomatic leadership.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, in the past, you've talked about NATO troops. What about American troops?

LOSER Absolutely, positively. Look, I'm so tired of this. Let's get right to it. I heard the same arguments after I came back from meeting with Milosevic We can't act; we can't send troops there.

Where we can, America must. Why Darfur? Because we can.

We should now. Those kids will be dead by the time the diplomacy is over.



I'm not joking. I've been to that camp. I walked through that camp.

You know what happened when I landed?

When I landed and the dust settled, a young African aid worker came up to me and he looked at me and he said, "Thank you. Thank you, America, for coming."

You don't understand -- they don't understand. They think we can save them.

And guess what? We can. Twenty-five hundred American troops -- if we do not get the 21,000 U.N. troops in there -- can stop the genocide now. I have called for a no-fly zone. Everybody agreed, but you need troops on the ground.

MODERATOR Time.

Senator Gravel?

LOSER The problem goes a little bit deeper than that. It's because we haven't owned up to our responsibilities to a sense of global governance. And so now, you've got a situation with the United States of America, as Joe says, wants to go in, but the African nations don't want us there.

What's the message? They're afraid of us. They're flat afraid of us. And if you'll permit me, since I haven't got as much time as the others.

MODERATOR Actually, no, you've got to answer just directly the question, 30 seconds.

LOSER Thank you very much, Anderson.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, would you agree with Senator Biden? American troops should got to Darfur?

LOSER I agree completely that what we need to do is start acting instead of talking.

That means accelerating the United Nations peacekeeping forces along with the African Union. It means moving more quickly on divestment and sanctions on the Sudanese government, including trying to use the diplomacy to get China involved.

And, finally, it does mean a no-fly zone. We can do it in a way that doesn't endanger humanitarian relief.

MODERATOR How about American troops on the ground?

LOSER I think NATO has to be there with the no-fly zone, and I think that only the United States can provide the logistical support and the air lift to make a no-fly zone and the actual delivery of humanitarian aid work.

MODERATOR Just in the spirit of trying to get the answer, does that mean no American ground troops?

LOSER American ground troops I don't think belong in Darfur at this time. I think we need to focus on the United Nations peacekeeping troops and the African Union troops.

We've got to figure out what we're doing in Iraq, where our troops are stretched thin, and Afghanistan, where we're losing the fight to al Qaeda and bin Laden.



MODERATOR OK, want to talk about Iraq tonight. Before we do, I just want to put a picture up on the screen.

That's United States Marine Corps 1st Lieutenant Shane Chiders. He was a 2001 graduate of this college, The Citadel. March 1st, 2003, it was just after sunrise when Lieutenant Chiders and his platoon were on a mission to capture an oil pumping station from Iraqi soldiers before the Iraqi soldiers could destroy it.

During the operation, a stray bullet hit him just below his body armor. Lieutenant Chiders became the first U.S. service man to die inside Iraq in Operation Iraqi Freedom.

In all, 12 Citadel graduates died in either Afghanistan or Iraq since September 11th, 2001, and over 1,100 have served in those two countries. Tonight we acknowledge their sacrifices and the sacrifices of all our service men and women now serving in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Our first question on Iraq tonight comes from Barry Mitchell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

QUESTION Mitch from Philadelphia.

My question for all the candidates How do we pull out now? And the follow-up, are we watching the same blankin' war? I certainly wasn't a big fan of the invasion/liberation. It sickens me to hear about soldiers wounded and getting killed daily, not to mention innocent Iraqis, but how do we pull out now? The government's shaky; bombs daily.

Don't you think if we pulled out now that would open it up for Iran and Syria, God knows who -- Russia -- how do we pull out now? And isn't it our responsibility to get these people up on their feet? I mean, do you leave a newborn baby to take care of himself? How do we pull out now?

MODERATOR Senator Obama, how do we pull out now?

WINNER Look, I opposed this war from the start. Because I anticipated that we would be creating the kind of sectarian violence that we've seen and that it would distract us from the war on terror.

MODERATOR Right...

WINNER I'm going to get to the question, Anderson.

At this point, I think we can be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in. But we have to send a clear message to the Iraqi government as well as to the surrounding neighbors that there is no military solution to the problems that we face in Iraq.

We just heard a White House spokesman, Tony Snow, excuse the fact that the Iraqi legislature went on vacation for three weeks because it's hot in Baghdad. Well, let me tell you It is hot for American troops who are over there with 100 pounds worth of gear.



And that kind of irresponsibility is not helpful.

So we have to begin a phased withdrawal; have our combat troops out by March 31st of next year; and initiate the kind of diplomatic surge that is necessary in these surrounding regions to make sure that everybody is carrying their weight.

And that is what I will do on day one, as president of the United States, if we have not done it in the intervening months.



MODERATOR Senator Biden, how do we pull out now? That was the question.

LOSER Anderson, you've been there. You know we can't just pull out now. Let's get something straight. It's time to start to tell the truth. The truth of the matter is If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically.

That's number one.

Number two, you cannot pull out of Iraq without the follow-on that's been projected here, unless you have a political solution. I'm the only one that's offered a political solution.

And it literally means separate the parties; give them jurisdiction in their own areas; have a decentralized government, a federal system. No central government will work.

And, thirdly, the fact of the matter is, the very thing everybody's quoting is the very legislation I wrote in January. It said Begin to draw down combat troops now; get the majority of the combat troops out by March of '08.

There's not one person in here that can say we're going to eliminate all troops...

MODERATOR OK, time.

LOSER ... unless you're going to eliminate every physical person who's an American in Iraq.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER Tell the truth for a change.



MODERATOR Another question on Iraq.

QUESTION Thank you for taking my question. The 2006 election gave the Democrats in office a mandate to end the U.S. occupation of Iraq. Since that time, 800 of our military service members have died there.

As the mother of an American soldier deploying to Iraq for a second time, I would like to know if the perception is true that the Democrats are putting politics before conscience.

How many more soldiers must die while these political games continue in our government?

Is the reason why we are still in Iraq and seemingly will be for some time due to the Democrats' fear that blame for the loss of the war will be placed on them by the Republican spin machine?



MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I want to thank her and her son for their service and their sacrifice. When we send a soldier or Marine to combat in Iraq, we really are sending a family.

And since the election of 2006, the Democrats have tried repeatedly to win Republican support with a simple proposition that we need to set a timeline to begin bringing our troops home now.

I happen to agree that there is no military solution, and the Iraqis refuse to pursue the political solutions. In fact, I asked the Pentagon a simple question Have you prepared for withdrawing our troops? In response, I got a letter accusing me of being unpatriotic; that I shouldn't be asking questions.

Well, one of the problems is that there are a lot of questions that we're asking but we're not getting answers from the Bush administration.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER And it's time for the Republicans to join us in standing up to the president to bring our troops home.



MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, the Democrats have been in power for seven months. Nothing has changed in Iraq.

LOSER If you're not going to answer the question, I'm going to answer the mother that troop -- question.

The answer to your question, ma'am, is Yes, it is politics. The Democrats have failed the American people. When we took over in January, the American people didn't expect us to give them a Democratic version of the war. They expected us to act quickly to end the war.

And here's how we can do it. It doesn't take legislation. That's a phony excuse to say that you don't have the votes. We appropriated $97 billion a month ago. We should tell President Bush, no more funds for the war, use that money to bring the troops home, use it to bring the troops home.



And, Anderson, right, now if people want to send that message to Congress...

MODERATOR OK. Senator...

LOSER ... they can text "Peace," 73223.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd -- we're going to see your campaign commercial.

Senator Dodd, you're in the Congress. What about it? You've been in power seven months now. Nothing's changed in Iraq.

LOSER First of all, there are differences here. The first responsibility of the commander in chief is to keep our nation safe and secure. It has been said from the very beginning There is no military solution to this civil war in Iraq.

I think it's incumbent upon the Congress.

There is a sense of disappointment. We should set that time certain. I don't normally advocate that here, but I know of no other way we're going to convince the political and religious leaders in Iraq to take seriously their responsibility to decide to form a nation-state or not.

I think by saying with clarity here that we are withdrawing and redeploying our forces out of there, robustly pursuing diplomacy, which we have not done at all here. This administration treats statecraft and diplomacy as if it were a gift to your opponents here.

We need to have a program here that allows us to become much more engaged in the region.

The answer on Darfur isn't just what we do...

MODERATOR No, no, no, no, let's not go to Darfur...

LOSER Well, no, because Iraq is related to Darfur, Anderson, here. It's because we're bogged down there at $10 billion a month, we've lost our moral leadership in the world. No one listens to us when it comes to foreign policy. That has to change in this country. That's the difference here.



MODERATOR The question, though, is Are the Democrats playing politics?

LOSER There's a big difference on Iraq between me and the senators, and here's where it is.

The lives of our young troops are more important than George Bush's legacy.

This is what I stand for I believe we should bring all the troops home by the end of this year, in six months, with no residual forces -- no residual forces.



This is critically important. A hundred American troops are dying every month. And this war is a quagmire. It's endless.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER And the time has come to bring the troops home. No politics.

MODERATOR Time.



LOSER Get it done.

MODERATOR The next question is for Senator Gravel.

QUESTION My name is Don. I'm from West Virginia.

My question is for Mike Gravel. In one of the previous debates you said something along the lines of the entire deaths of Vietnam died in vain.

How do you expect to win in a country where probably a pretty large chunk of the people voting disagree with that statement and might very well be offended by it?

I'd like to know if you plan to defend that statement, or if you're just going to flip-flop.

Thanks.

LOSER John, why would you think I would flip-flop? I've never flip-flopped before, and I like the question. I don't get very many of them, but I'll just tell you...





Thank you. Thank you. Has it been fair thus far? I'll tell you, John, it's a set up question. Our soldiers died in Vietnam in vain. You can now, John, go to Hanoi and get a Baskin-Robbins ice cream cone. That's what you can do. And now we have most favored nation trade.

What did all these people die for? What are they dying for right now in Iraq every single day? Let me tell you There's only one thing worse than a soldier dying in vain; it's more soldiers dying in vain.



MODERATOR Senator Obama, are the soldiers dying in Iraq in vain?

WINNER Our soldiers have done everything that's been asked of them. They deposed Saddam Hussein.

They have carried out extraordinarily difficult missions with great courage and great bravery.

But, you know, one thing I have to say about Senator Clinton's comments a couple of moments ago. I think it's terrific that she's asking for plans from the Pentagon, and I think the Pentagon response was ridiculous. But what I also know is that the time for us to ask how we were going to get out of Iraq was before we went in.



And that is something that too many of us failed to do. We failed to do it. And I do think that that is something that both Republicans and Democrats have to take responsibility for.

When I am president of the United States, when I send our troops into battle, I am going to be absolutely sure that it is based on sound intelligence, and I'm going to tell the truth to the American people, as well as the families who are being asked to sacrifice.

MODERATOR To the question of, did the troops -- are the troops dying in vain, though Yes or no?

WINNER I never think that troops, like those who are coming out of The Citadel, who do their mission for their country, are dying in vain. But what I do think is that the civilian leadership and the commander in chief has a responsibility to make sure that they have the plans that are going to allow our troops to succeed in their mission.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, are the troops -- did the troops in Vietnam die in vain?

LOSER I don't think any of our troops die in vain when they go and do the duty that's been given to them by the commander in chief. No, I don't think they died in vain.

But I think the question is -- the question is What is going to be done to stop this war?

The other people have raised the question earlier. And in fact, Senator Obama spoke just a minute ago about the White House agreeing that the parliament, the Iraqi parliament could take a month-long vacation because it was too hot, while our men and women are putting their lives on the line every day.

Here's my question. While the Iraqi parliament is on vacation, is George Bush going to be on vacation in Crawford, Texas?

What we need to do is turn up the heat on George Bush and hold him responsible and make this president change course.



It is the only way he will change course. He will never change course unless he's made to do it.

MODERATOR Got another question -- this one's relatively short -- from a Tony Fuller. Let's listen.

QUESTION My name is Tony Fuller from Wilson, Ohio, and I was wondering if the candidates feel women should register for the draft when they turn 18. Why or why not?

MODERATOR Should women register for selective service when they turn 18 like men do currently?

Senator Dodd?

LOSER Well, yes, I think they should, in a sense. I'm opposed to a draft, but I think if you're going to have registration, it ought to be across lines so you don't just ask one gender to do the -- have the responsibility. So in my view that would be the fair thing to do.

I happen to believe, by the way, Anderson, and taking the question here a bit further, and it's a good question that Tony has raised, I'm an advocate of universal nation service, not by mandating it, but one of the things I'm missing in our country is the shared experience.

I served in the National Guard, I served in the reserves, I served in the Peace Corps in Latin America back in the '60s here. I want to see every American given the opportunity to serve their country in some way.

I think we need to do more of that in the United States today. Elections ought to be more than just about a series of issues, but the shared experiences of service.



It's so important that every American have that opportunity. It's something I strongly advocate and would advocate as president.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, do you think women should register for Selective Service?

LOSER I do. I don't support a draft. I think our all- volunteer military has performed superbly. But we've had women die in Iraq. We've had combat deaths of women in Iraq and Afghanistan. And I do think that women should register. I doubt very much that we'll ever have to go back to a draft. But I think it is fair to call upon every young American.

And I agree completely with Chris. We've got to look for more ways for universal national service. I've introduced legislation for a public service academy that would be patterned on great institutions like The Citadel and our military academies. Because we've got to get young people back into public service.

And the other night we had a provision in our bill that we passed to have people who go into public service have their student loans deferred and even forgiven.

We need to do more to support public service.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, should women register for Selective Service?

WINNER You know, a while back we had a celebration in the Capitol for the Tuskegee Airmen, and it was extraordinarily powerful because it reminded us, there was a time when African-Americans weren't allowed to serve in combat.

And yet, when they did, not only did they perform brilliantly, but what also happened is they helped to change America, and they helped to underscore that we're equal.

And I think that if women are registered for service -- not necessarily in combat roles, and I don't agree with the draft -- I think it will help to send a message to my two daughters that they've got obligations to this great country as well as boys do.



MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Anyone who has any question about whether women can serve this country honorably in the military should meet Sally Bardon (ph), who's sitting with my wife Elizabeth down there. She flew fighter jets, F-16s, into the first 15 minutes of the war in Iraq. Flew over Baghdad.



She put her life at risk, at the very beginning of the war. Anybody who has any questions about whether women can serve courageously and honorably, need to meet women like Sally Bardon (ph).

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER Well, of course I want to take credit and admit that I'm the guy that filibustered for five months, all by myself, in the Senate to end the draft in the United States of America.

And I'm very proud of that because George Bush does not have the boots on the ground to invade Iran.

MODERATOR Thank you. Do you think -- should women register?

LOSER Of course women should be going -- go into the draft if we're going to have a draft. They should register also. What's the difference?

MODERATOR OK. Thank you for your answer.



Another video.

QUESTION Hello, my name is John McAlpin (ph). I'm a proud serving member of the United States military. I'm serving overseas.

This question is to Senator Hillary Clinton. The Arab states, Muslim nations, believe it's women as being second-class citizens. If you're president of the United States, how do you feel that you would even be taken seriously by these states in any kind of talks, negotiations, or any other diplomatic relations? I feel that is a legitimate question.

LOSER Thank you, John, and thank you for your service to our country.

You know, when I was first lady, I was privileged to represent our country in 82 countries. I have met with many officials in Arabic and Muslim countries. I have met with kings and presidents and prime ministers and sheiks and tribal leaders.

And certainly, in the last years during my time in the Senate, I have had many high-level meetings with presidents and prime ministers in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Pakistan and many other countries.

I believe that there isn't much doubt in anyone's mind that I can be taken seriously.



I believe that other countries have had women presidents and women prime ministers. There are several serving now -- in Germany, in Chile, in Liberia and elsewhere -- and I have noticed that their compatriots on the world stage certainly take them seriously.

I think that it is...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER It would be quite appropriate to have a woman president deal with the Arab and Muslim countries on behalf of the United States of America.



MODERATOR Let's go to another YouTube video.

QUESTION In 1982, Anwar Sadat traveled to Israel, a trip that resulted in a peace agreement that has lasted ever since.

In the spirit of that type of bold leadership, would you be willing to meet separately, without precondition, during the first year of your administration, in Washington or anywhere else, with the leaders of Iran, Syria, Venezuela, Cuba and North Korea, in order to bridge the gap that divides our countries?

MODERATOR I should also point out that Stephen is in the crowd tonight.

Senator Obama?

WINNER I would. And the reason is this, that the notion that somehow not talking to countries is punishment to them -- which has been the guiding diplomatic principle of this administration -- is ridiculous.



Now, Ronald Reagan and Democratic presidents like JFK constantly spoke to Soviet Union at a time when Ronald Reagan called them an evil empire. And the reason is because they understood that we may not trust them and they may pose an extraordinary danger to this country, but we had the obligation to find areas where we can potentially move forward.

And I think that it is a disgrace that we have not spoken to them. We've been talking about Iraq -- one of the first things that I would do in terms of moving a diplomatic effort in the region forward is to send a signal that we need to talk to Iran and Syria because they're going to have responsibilities if Iraq collapses.

They have been acting irresponsibly up until this point. But if we tell them that we are not going to be a permanent occupying force, we are in a position to say that they are going to have to carry some weight, in terms of stabilizing the region.

MODERATOR I just want to check in with Stephen if he believes he got an answer to his question.

QUESTION I seem to have a microphone in my hand. Well, I'd be interested in knowing what Hillary has to say to that question.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I will not promise to meet with the leaders of these countries during my first year. I will promise a very vigorous diplomatic effort because I think it is not that you promise a meeting at that high a level before you know what the intentions are.

I don't want to be used for propaganda purposes. I don't want to make a situation even worse. But I certainly agree that we need to get back to diplomacy, which has been turned into a bad word by this administration.

And I will purse very vigorous diplomacy.

And I will use a lot of high-level presidential envoys to test the waters, to feel the way. But certainly, we're not going to just have our president meet with Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez and, you know, the president of North Korea, Iran and Syria until we know better what the way forward would be.



MODERATOR Senator Edwards, would you meet with Hugo Chavez, Fidel Castro, Kim Jong Il?

LOSER Yes, and I think actually Senator Clinton's right though. Before that meeting takes place, we need to do the work, the diplomacy, to make sure that that meeting's not going to be used for propaganda purposes, will not be used to just beat down the United States of America in the world community.

But I think this is just a piece of a bigger question, which is, what do we actually do? What should the president of the United States do to restore America's moral leadership in the world. It's not enough just to lead with bad leaders. In addition to that, the world needs to hear from the president of the United States about who we are, what it is we represent.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER That, in fact, we believe in equality, we believe in diversity, that they are at the heart and soul of what the United States of America is.

MODERATOR We've got another question on the subject.



QUESTION Dear Presidential Candidates, see those three flags over my shoulder? They covered the coffins of my grandfather, my father, and my oldest son.

Someday, mine will join them.

I do not want to see my youngest sons join them.

I have two questions. By what date after January 21st, 2009, will all U.S. troops be out of Iraq? And how many family members do you have serving in uniform?

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.



LOSER I have advocated, again, that we have our troops out by April of next year. I believe that the timeframe is appropriate to do that. I would urge simultaneously that we do the things we've talked about here, and that is pursue the diplomatic efforts in the region to at least provide Iraq the opportunity to get on its feet. But I believe our military ought to be out before that.

If I'm president in January, I'd be advocating a responsible withdrawal that's safe for our troops who are there, to provide the resources for them to do it.

As I mentioned earlier, I served with the National Guard and Reserves. My brother served in the military as well. So, in my family, there have been at least two that I'm aware of. I have first cousins of mine that were submarine commanders. My uncle was a commander in World War II in the Navy. So there have been a number of people in my family.

MODERATOR So you're saying that by January 21st, 2009, all U.S. troops would be out...

LOSER Well, no, I've argued that it actually happen before then. I've been pushing...

MODERATOR Right.

LOSER There were 11 of us back when the supplemental bill came up a few weeks ago that voted to cut off that funding here. There's no other way I know to bring this to a head than through that mechanism. So come January, I hope that would be completed.



But, if not, then I'd advocate a time frame that would be done responsibly.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER Well, I'm trying to provoke a debate here, because there's a difference between the senators and me on when we get our troops out.

I've been very clear Six month, but no residual forces.

Senator Clinton has a plan that I understand is maybe 50,000 residual forces. Our troops have become targets. The diplomatic work...

MODERATOR Is that even possible? Six months...

LOSER The diplomatic work cannot begin to heal Iraq, to protect our interests, without troops out. Our troops have become targets. You are going to say six months, because it might provoke a civil war. There is a civil war. There is sectarian conflict.



The time has come, and I get challenged. I have no troops left. One hundred are dying a month.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER Number one, there is not a single military man in this audience who will tell this senator he can get those troops out in six months if the order goes today.

Let's start telling the truth. Number one, you take all the troops out. You better have helicopters ready to take those 3,000 civilians inside the Green Zone where I have been seven times and shot at. You better make sure you have protection for them, or let them die, number one.

So we can't leave them there. And it's going to take a minimum 5,000 troops to 10,000 just to protect our civilians. So while you're taking them out, Governor, take everybody out. That may be necessary.

Number three, the idea that we all voted -- except for me -- for that appropriation. That man's son is dead. For all I know, it was an IED. Seventy percent of all the deaths occurred have been those roadside bombs. We have money in that bill to begin to build and send immediately mine-resistant vehicles that increase by 80 percent the likelihood none of your cadets will die, General. And they all voted against it.

How in good conscience can you vote not to send those vehicles over there as long as there's one single, solitary troop there?

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?



LOSER You know, I put forth a comprehensive three-point plan to get our troops out of Iraq, and it does start with moving them out as soon as possible.

But Joe is right. You know, I have done extensive work on this. And the best estimate is that we can probably move a brigade a month, if we really accelerate it, maybe a brigade and a half or two a month. That is a lot of months.

My point is They're not even planning for that in the Pentagon. You know, Mr. Berry, I am so sorry about the loss of your son. And I hope to goodness your youngest son doesn't face anything like that.

But until we get this president and the Pentagon to begin to at least tell us they are planning to withdraw, we are not going to be able to turn this around.

And so, with all due respect to some of my friends here -- yes, we want to begin moving the troops out, but we want to do so safely, and orderly and carefully.

We don't want more loss of American life and Iraqi life as we attempt to withdraw, and it is time for us to admit that it's going to be complicated, so let's start it now.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?



LOSER The underlying assumption here is that we're going to be in Iraq until the next president takes office, and I reject that totally. People can send a message to Congress right now -- and this is in a convention of this appearance -- they can text peace, and text 73223, text peace. Send a message to Congress right now, you want out.

I introduced a plan four years ago, Anderson, that was a full plan to remove our troops. I'm the only one on this stage -- excuse me -- who not only voted against this war, but voted against funding the war.



It is not credible to say you oppose the war from the start when you voted to fund it 100 percent of the time, 70 percent, 5 percent of the time. Let's get real about this war. Let's get those troops home and let's take a stand and do it now. Send a message to Congress now.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER We cannot wait until the next president takes office.



MODERATOR We've got to take a short break. As we go to break, we're going to show another campaign commercial, this one from Senator Mike Gravel.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER George Bush's oil war was a mistake. We need to stop killing Americans and Iraqis. Been around since the beginning of time. It's not a war. It should be a police action based on global intelligence. It's the most serious problem facing humanity today.

A universal voucher system will provide equal treatment and choice of providers.

The Congress has to stop raiding the surplus.

(END VIDEO CLIP)



MODERATOR And welcome back to the CNN/YouTube debate. That was obviously a YouTube-style video from Governor Richardson's campaign.

This next question is on the topic of education.

QUESTION Hi, my name is Sheena Currell. I'm from (inaudible), South Carolina.

My question is Who was your favorite teacher and why?

MODERATOR A little bit hard to hear. The question was Who was your favorite teacher and why?

Senator Gravel?

LOSER A brother by the name of Edgar Burke (ph), who's since deceased, became a priest later, he recognized me as a very failing student because I was dyslexic and couldn't read very well. And so he gave me some attention and taught me to speak, and that's what little chance I get to use it today.

Thank you.



MODERATOR Senator Obama?



WINNER I had a teacher in fifth grade named Mrs. Hefty (ph). And I was just coming from overseas, coming back to the United States, felt a little bit out of place. And she had actually lived in Kenya and worked there and taught there and was able to give me some sense that even though I had experiences outside this country, those were actually valuable and important.

And that's the power of a good teacher, is making every single child feel special.

And we need more teachers like that in front of every single classroom.

MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER The principal of my high school, his name was Justin E. Dinney (ph). He was a priest, and he taught me that the single most serious sin humanity could commit was abuse of power, and the second most serious sin was standing by and watching it be abused.

He was the brightest guy I have ever known.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Ms. Burns, who was the high school English teacher who made me believe that somebody can come from a little town in North Carolina where their daddy worked in the mill and do just about anything if they really believe in themselves.

MODERATOR All right. With the next question, you are going to have to pay attention both to the words, the music and to what is written on the screen.

(VIDEO PRESENTATION)

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you have had to implement No Child Left Behind in your state. Would you scrap it? Revise it?

LOSER I would scrap it. It doesn't work.



It is the law. It is not just an unfunded mandate, but the one- size-fits-all doesn't work.

It doesn't emphasize teacher training. It doesn't emphasize the disabled kids.



It doesn't -- English learning kids don't get help.

The worst thing it does is it takes districts and schools that are not doing well, takes their funds away, penalizes them. If a school is not doing well, we help that school.



The last thing we need to do, relating to teachers, is the key to a good education in this country is a strong teacher. I would have a minimum wage for all our teachers, $40,000 per year.



And I would emphasize science and math.

LOSER And I would also bring, to make sure our kids that are not scoring well in science and math, 29th in the world, to unlock those minds in science and math, I would have a major federal program of art in the schools...



... music, dancing, sculpture, and the arts.



MODERATOR Senator Biden, everyone on this stage who was in Congress in 2001 voted for No Child Left Behind. Would you scrap it or revise it?

LOSER It was a mistake. I remember talking with Paul Wellstone at the time. And quite frankly, the reason I voted for it, against my better instinct, is I have great faith in Ted Kennedy, who is so devoted to education.

But I would scrap it -- or I guess, theoretically, you could do a major overhaul. But I think I'd start from the beginning.

You need better teachers. You need smaller classrooms. You need to start kids earlier. It's all basic.

LOSER My wife's been teaching for 30 years. She has her doctorate in education. She comes back and points out how it's just not working.

The bottom line here is that I would fundamentally change the way in which we approach this.

MODERATOR Our next question comes from South Carolina.

QUESTION Hey, I'm Mike Green from Lexington, South Carolina. And I was wanting to ask all the nominees whether they would send their kids to public school or private school.



MODERATOR The question is public school or private school. We know, Senator Clinton, you sent your daughter to private school.

Senator Edwards, Obama and Biden also send your kids to private school.

Is that correct?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR No?

LOSER No, it's not correct.

MODERATOR OK.



(CROSSTALK)

LOSER I've had four children, and all of them have gone to public school. I've got two kids...



... who are actually here with me in Charleston tonight, two kids, Emma Claire and Jack, just finished the third grade in public school in North Carolina, and Jack just finished the first grade in public school in North Carolina.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER And Chelsea went to public schools, kindergarten through eighth grade, until we moved to Washington. And then I was advised, and it was, unfortunately, good advice, that if she were to go to a public school, the press would never leave her alone, because it's a public school. So I had to make a very difficult decision.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

LOSER But we were very pleased she was in public schools in Little Rock.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER My kids have gone to the University of Chicago Lab School, a private school, because I taught there, and it was five minutes from our house. So it was the best option for our kids.

But the fact is that there are some terrific public schools in Chicago that they could be going to. The problem is, is that we don't have good schools, public schools, for all kids.

A U.S. senator can get his kid into a terrific public school. That's not the question. The question is whether or not ordinary parents, who can't work the system, are able to get their kids into a decent school, and that's what I need to fight for and will fight for as president of the United States.



MODERATOR I want to ask this question of everyone.

Senator Biden?

LOSER My kids did go to private schools, because right after I got elected, my wife and daughter were killed. I had two sons who survived. My sister was the head of the history department. She was helping me raise my children at Wilmington Friends School.

LOSER When it came time to go to high school when they had come through their difficulties -- I'm a practicing Catholic -- it was very important to me they go to a Catholic school, and they went to a Catholic school.

My kids would not have gone to that school were it not for the fact that my wife and daughter were killed and my two children were under the care of my sister who drove them to school every morning.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER My daughter, Jackie, went to the Columbus public schools and got a great education. And I want to make sure that that commitment that sent her to public school is a commitment that will cause all American children to be able to go to great public schools.



MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER My children went to public school and private school, and I'm recommend that we need a little bit of competition in our system of education. Right now, we have 30 percent of our children do not graduate from high school. That is abominable, and that is the problem of both parties.



MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER My daughter goes to the public school as a pre-school -- kindergarten. But I want to come back to the No Child Left Behind.

LOSER Because I think remedying this -- and I understand the applause here -- accountability is very important. This is one country -- we've got to have the best prepared generation of Americans that we've ever produced in our educational system. No other issue, in my view, is as important as this one here.

And getting the No Child Left Behind law right is where we ought to focus our attention here so that we have resources coming back to our states. You measure growth in a child. You invest in failing schools. But I would not scrap it entirely. Accountability is very important in this country. We ought not to abandon that idea.

MODERATOR Let's try to stay on the topic.

The next question comes from Pennsylvania.

QUESTION Hi. My name is Anne, and I work at a Planned Parenthood in Pennsylvania.

My question is, we here at Planned Parenthood support comprehensive sex education and I'd like to know if any of you as candidates have talked to your children about sex and used medically accurate and age-appropriate information?

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, Elizabeth and I have had sort of an unusual experience for parents, because Elizabeth likes to say that was made a member of AARP when she was pregnant with Jack, our last child.

LOSER We have had four children. Our two youngest children are now nine and seven. So we have been through the whole experience, including kids who have grown up.

Yes, the answer is we have taught our younger children when they were young how to look for the signs of wrong touching, any kind of what would be sexual abuse, inappropriate touching. And we have taught our children as they got older, all -- I think, using medically appropriate terms -- all that they needed to know to be properly educated.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, Mitt Romney has accused you this week of saying that 5-year-old children should be getting sex education. Was he right?

WINNER Ironically, this was actually a proposal that he himself said he supported when he was running for governor of Massachusetts.

WINNER Apparently, he forgot.



And it makes the exact point that John made.

I've got a 9-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old daughter. And I want them to know if somebody is doing something wrong to them, encroaching on their privacy, that they should come talk to me or my wife.

And we've had that conversation, but not every parent is going to have that conversation with their child, and I think it's important that every child does, to make sure that they're not subject to the sexual predators.

MODERATOR All right.

Now, time for something completely different.



QUESTION Hey, there, my name's Jackie Broyles. And I'm Dunlap [2nd person on video]. We're from Red State Update. Murfreesboro, Tennessee. This here question's for all you candidates. Mainstream media seems awfully interested in old Al Gore these days. Is he losing weight? What's it say in his book? Is he still worried about all the ice? They interpret all these as signs that he may or may not run. They really want to know if Al Gore's going to run again. Yes. Well, what we want to know is does that hurt you-all's feelings?





MODERATOR Anybody have their feelings hurt?



No, you're all right about that?

LOSER Anderson...

MODERATOR Yes?

LOSER I think the people of Tennessee just had their feelings hurt.



MODERATOR They can take it up with Jackie.

We're not going to talk about Al Gore tonight, but we are going to talk about something that he talks a lot about. That's what our next question's about.

QUESTION Hello, Democratic candidates. I've been growing concerned that global warming, the single most important issue to the snowmen of this country, is being neglected.

As president, what will you do to ensure that my son will live a full and happy life?

Thank you.





MODERATOR It's a funny video. It's a serious question. Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER Well, we have to understand the connection between global warring and global warming. Because when we start talking about wars for oil, we're essentially keeping the same approach to energy.



So I'm saying we need to move away from reliance on oil and coal and toward reliance on wind and solar.

LOSER Anderson, that's the basis of my WGA, Works Green Administration, where we take an entirely new approach to organize the entire country around sustainability, around conservation. We don't have to have our snowmen melting, and the planet shouldn't be melting either.

MODERATOR Are the people on this stage, are your fellow candidates, are they green enough?

LOSER No. And I think that the reason is that if you support, for example, in Iraq, if you say that Iraq should privatize its oil for the U.S. oil companies, then what you're doing is you're continuing a commitment to use more oil. If you believe that all options should be put on the table with respect to Iran, that's about oil.

So we need to move away from reliance on oil...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ... and that's really connected to our defense policy, and I'm the one who gets the connection.

MODERATOR All right.



Similar topic. Let's listen.

QUESTION Hi, I'm Stephanie. We're in the Bay area, in my bathroom, because this is one of the places where I use compact fluorescent light bulbs. I use these to decrease my personal energy use, and I hear politicians talking about alternative energy to delay -- to decrease our energy impact as a whole.

So my question for you is, how is the United States going to decrease its energy consumption in the first place? In other words, how will your policies influence Americans, rather than just using special light bulbs, to do this?

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, how do you get Americans to conserve?

LOSER Very simple, change our tax structure. Have a fair tax where people are taxed on what they spend rather than what they earn. And our tax system is totally corrupt right now.

And so if we now have a retail sales tax, you'll take this nation of ours from a consuming nation to a savings nation.

LOSER And that's the most significant thing we can do to alter climate change.



MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER Anderson, there are a number of things. The 50-mile-per- gallon standard is something I've advocated by 2017, that I would push hard for. Entire fleet of federal automobiles would be hybrids or electric automobiles, so we reduce even further out consumption.

But I believe I'm the only candidate here, along with Al Gore, who's called for that, is a corporate carbon tax. You've got to tax polluters. You've got to separate the price differential so that we can move away from fossil fuels that do so much damage to our environment, to our economy, to our future, to jobs in this country.

Until you deal with the issue of price, until you impose a corporate carbon tax, we will never get away from fossil fuels. It's the only way this can be achieved. You have to advocate that if you're serious about global warming.

MODERATOR The question was about personal sacrifice. I just want to ask a question to...

LOSER I drive a hybrid, we have a hybrid, and we use efficient light bulbs in our homes...

MODERATOR So let me just ask a question to everyone on this stage. And I know we said we wouldn't do a lot of show of hands. This is probably the only one we'll do tonight.

MODERATOR How many people here a private jet or a chartered jet to get here tonight?

You're not sure?



LOSER Yesterday.

MODERATOR Yesterday, OK.

(CROSSTALK)



MODERATOR Senator Gravel, what was that? You took the train?

LOSER I took the train...



MODERATOR OK.

LOSER And maybe one of these will give me a ride someday.



LOSER Anderson, you know, we haven't really seriously addressed this incredibly important issue of global warming and energy efficiency.

MODERATOR We've got another question on it's way now.

LOSER OK.

QUESTION Hi, my name is Shawn and I'm from Ann Arbor, Michigan. There is a scientific consensus for man-caused climate change, and I've heard each of you talk in previous debates about alternative energy sources like solar or wind, but I have not heard any of you speak your opinion on nuclear power. I believe that nuclear power is safer, cleaner, and provides a quicker avenue to energy independence than other alternatives.

QUESTION I am curious what each of you believe.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Wind, solar, cellulose-based biofuels are the way we need to go. I do not favor nuclear power. We haven't built a nuclear power plant in decades in this country. There is a reason for that. The reason is it is extremely costly. It takes an enormous amount of time to get one planned, developed and built. And we still don't have a safe way to dispose of the nuclear waste. It is a huge problem for America over the long term.

I also don't believe we should liquefy coal. The last thing we need is another carbon-based fuel in America. We need to find fuels that are in fact renewable, clean, and will allow us to address directly the question that has been raised, which is the issue of global warming, which I believe is a crisis.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I actually think that we should explore nuclear power as part of the energy mix. There are no silver bullets to this issue. We have to develop solar. I have proposed drastically increasing fuel efficiency standards on cars, an aggressive cap on the amount of greenhouse gases that can be emitted.

WINNER But we're going to have to try a series of different approaches.

The one thing I have to remind folks, though, of -- we've been talking about this through Republican administrations and Democratic administrations for decades.

And the reason it doesn't change -- you can take a look at how Dick Cheney did his energy policy. He met with environmental groups once. He met with renewable energy folks once. And then he met with oil and gas companies 40 times. And that's how they put together our energy policy. We've got to put the national interests ahead of special interests, and that's what I'll do as president of the United States.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton, what is Senator Edwards -- why is he wrong on nuclear power?

LOSER First of all, I have proposed a strategic energy fund that I would fund by taking away the tax break for the oil companies, which have gotten much greater under Bush and Cheney.



And we could spend about $50 billion doing what America does best. It's time we start acting like Americans again.

LOSER We can solve these problems if we focus on innovation and technology.

So, yes, all these alternative forms of energy are important. So is fuel efficiency for cars and so is energy efficiency for buildings.

I'm agnostic about nuclear power. John is right, that until we figure out what we're going to do with the waste and the cost, it's very hard to see nuclear as a part of our future. But that's where American technology comes in. Let's figure out what we're going to do about the waste and the cost if we think nuclear should be a part of the solution.

But this issue of energy and global warming has the promise of creating millions of new jobs in America.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER So it can be a win-win, if we do it right.



MODERATOR I want to go another YouTube video, another question.

QUESTION Hi, everyone. My name's Melissa and I'm from San Luis Obispo, California.

My question is for everyone In recent years, there's been so much controversy regarding dangling chads, then no paper trail in electronic systems.

I know it costs money to amend things like that, but if I can go to any state and get the same triple grande, non-fat, no foam vanilla latte from Starbucks, why I can't I go to any state and vote the same way?

QUESTION Don't you think that standardizing our voting practices will increase legitimacy, and possibly even voter turnout in our elections? What are you going to do to fix that? If you want, give me a call and I will make a standardized form for you.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?



LOSER I, as president, I would push the whole country to verified paper trails. There are close to 10 states that do this.



My state a year ago, my state was one of those states, along with Florida and Ohio, that, because of the touch-tones, there was uncertainty about the election.

We have close to 50 percent of those Americans eligible to vote voting. That is inexcusable, compared to many other nations. We need to have same-day registration. We need to have an effort to get the Republican Party to stop suppressing minority voters. We need to find ways also to depoliticize the Justice Department that tried to find those voters that were legitimately voting.

LOSER And lastly, a verifiable paper trail with optical scanners is going to improve turnout, democracy, and it's going to get a lot of young voters in the polls.



MODERATOR We're going to take a short break. We're going to go to break with a YouTube-style video from Senator Biden's campaign.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

ANNOUNCER Imagine you're trapped deep in a hole with a group of politicians debating.

President Bush says the only way out of Iraq is to dig us deeper and deeper. But what if one leader stood up for us and said no, we can get out now, without leaving chaos behind?

Joe Biden is the only one with the experience and the plan to end this war responsibly so our children don't have to go back.

LOSER I'm Joe Biden and I approved this message.



(END VIDEO CLIP)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER You can vote now to end the war in Iraq. Text Peace, 73223. Text peace now to send a message to the White House and to the Democratic Congress that now's the time to end the war. Text Peace, 73223. Make your vote count and your voice be heard. Text Peace, 73223, to move this country away from war as an instrument of policy, and to achieve strength through peace. Text Peace.

This is Dennis Kucinich, and I authorized this message.

(END VIDEO CLIP)



(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR Welcome back. We still have a lot of YouTube videos we want to try to get to. This next one is about a pocketbook issue.

Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

QUESTION Hi. I'm Cecilla Smith.

QUESTION And I'm Asanti Wilkins.

QUESTION And we're from Pennsylvania, and my question is to all the candidates, and it's regarding the national minimum wage.

Congress seems to never have a problem when it comes time to give themselves a raise. But when it came time to increase the minimum wage, they had a problem.

My question to the candidates If you're elected to serve, would you be willing to do this service for the next four years and be paid the national minimum wage?

(END VIDEO CLIP)



MODERATOR So, it's pretty simple, yes or no. Minimum wage, by the way, goes up tomorrow to $6.55. In 2009, it will be $7.25.

Senator Gravel, would you work for the minimum wage?

LOSER Oh, yes, I would, but I would say that we don't need a minimum wage; we need a living wage. We don't have that in this country because of what they passed.



MODERATOR Senator Dodd, would you work for the minimum wage?

LOSER I have two young daughters who I'm trying to educate them.

I don't think I could live on the minimum wage, but I'm a strong advocate to seeing to it that we increase it at least to $9 or $10 to give people a chance out there to be able to provide for their families.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER That's leadership in the country.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Yes.

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Sure.

Senator Obama?

WINNER Well, we can afford to work for the minimum wage because most folks on this stage have a lot of money. It's the folks...



.... on that screen who deserve -- you're doing all right, Chris, compared to, I promise you, the folks who are on that screen.





LOSER Not that well, I'll tell you, Barack.

WINNER I mean, we don't have -- we don't have Mitt Romney money, but...



But we could afford to do it for a few years. Most folks can't.

And that's why we've got to fight and advocate for...

MODERATOR Governor -- Governor Richardson, yes?

LOSER Yes, I would.

MODERATOR OK.

Senator Biden?

LOSER I don't have Barack Obama money either.



My net worth is $70,000 to $150,000. That's what happens you get elected at 29. I couldn't afford to stay in the Congress for the minimum wage. But if I get a second job, I'd do it.



MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich?

LOSER Anderson, I live in the same house I purchased in 1971 for $22,500. I think we need to increase the minimum wage and so all my neighbors can get an increase in their wages.

MODERATOR So would you work for it?

LOSER I would.

MODERATOR OK.

LOSER But I wouldn't want to...

MODERATOR By the way, you'd all get overtime, too. So don't worry about that.



Let's watch another video here, another question.

QUESTION This is Nancy McDonald from Wilmington, Delaware.

QUESTION We all know that Social Security is running out of money, but people who earn over $97,500 stop paying into Social Security. What is up with that?

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, what about that? The Congressional Research Service says that if all earnings were subject to payroll tax, the Social Security trust fund would remain solvent for the next 75 years.

LOSER I don't disagree with that. I think frankly this is an issue that comes to a head, as we all know, by the year 2040.

Obviously, I think it would be important to start to address the issue. Certainly, we have no ideas, and I would be totally opposed to the privatization of Social Security. That is a very bad idea and I am glad we rejected it.

But one of the ideas is to raise that level above $97,000.

MODERATOR Do you support that?

LOSER I would support that. That is one of the solutions that would make a lot of sense to me to make the trust fund whole.

MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I think that it is an important option on the table, but the key, in addition to making sure that we don't privatize, because Social Security is that floor beneath none of us can sink.

WINNER And we've got to make sure that we preserve Social Security is to do the same thing that Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill were able to do back in 1983, which is come up with a bipartisan solution that puts Social Security on a firm footing for a long time.

MODERATOR Another question on Social Security.

QUESTION What's the dirtiest little secret in Washington? The U.S. is going broke. With the retirement of the baby boomers, things are only going to get worse. Fed Chairman Bernanke has said Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security need to be radically changed to avoid this crisis, yet everything is business as usual in D.C.

There are two solutions, both of which are politically unpopular

Raise taxes or cut benefits. Which would you choose, and how would you convince the public to support you?

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER The best solution to those two issues is a bipartisan effort to fix it.

LOSER Medicare -- 33 percent of it is diabetes. Let's have major prevention programs, and also ways that we can ensure that we find a cure.



Social Security -- stop raiding the Social Security trust fund.

Stop talking about privatization.



And then thirdly, let's look at a universal pension, 401(k) universal pension, that would assure portability for those that want to keep their pensions as they move into other professions.

But what we need is a bipartisan effort. Put this issue aside.

If I'm president, I would take this issue and I would say, Republicans, Democrats, within a year, let's find a solution. No politics. This is the safety net of this country.

MODERATOR Here's a question on taxes.

QUESTION This here is a two-part question.

(SINGING) Pay taxes on my clothes and food, pay taxes on my place, pay taxes on my moisturizer, I pay taxes on my weights. I pay taxes on my land. Every year, y'all make me pay. I pay tax on this guitar so I can sing for you today.

My taxes put some kids in college I can't afford to send myself.

Now, tell me, if you were elected president, what would you do to help?

Also, I got a parking ticket last week. Could one of y'all pardon me?



MODERATOR Senator Biden, this guy's overtaxed.

LOSER First of all, change the tax structure. We are giving people tax breaks who don't need it. The top 1 percent got an $85 billion a year tax break. It is not needed.



My dad used to have an expression -- don't tell me what you value; show me your budget.

And the budget we have here is we all dance around it. We need more revenue to be able to pay for the things the governor and everybody else talks about.

And there's only one way to do it. You either raise taxes or take tax cuts away from people who don't need them. I'd take them away from people who don't need them.



MODERATOR I'm sorry. There's another tax question right here.

QUESTION My name is Marcus Benson from Minneapolis. And I'd like to know, if the Democrats come into office, are my taxes going to rise like usually they do when a Democrats gets into office?

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, are the taxes going to rise?

LOSER The answer is no; that we're going to stop the tax increases that President Bush gave to people in the top brackets.

We're going to end war as an instrument of policy, with the defense policy of strength through peace.

So we're not going to be borrowing money from China to fight wars in Baghdad. We're going to lower our trade deficit by ending NAFTA and the WTO and going back to trade based on worker's rights.

We're going to have a change in our economy so that people will be able to get something for the taxes they pay but they're not going to have to pay more.



MODERATOR One of the most popular topics that we got questions on was health care. We, frankly, were overwhelmed with videos on health care, so we put several of them together.

I want to show you some personal stories.

QUESTION Mark and Joel Strauss, Davenport, Iowa. Not every parent has the luxury of two loving sons to care for them during Alzheimer's.

QUESTION My question for the candidates is, people like us -- the baby boomer generation -- is going to see a boom of Alzheimer's over the upcoming decades.

What are you prepared to do to fight this disease now?

QUESTION Hi. These are my grandmothers. Both of them suffered from diabetes and ultimately died of massive heart attacks.

This is my mother. She suffers from diabetes and she's also had a heart attack.

The statistics for women with heart disease are staggering. What I'd like to know is, how do each of you plan on addressing chronic disease and preventative health in your health care plans? I would like my mother to be around to see her grandchildren.

QUESTION Hi. My name is Kim. I'm 36 years old and hope to be a future breast cancer survivor from Long Island. My chances for survivor aren't as good as they might be, however, because like millions of Americans, I've gone for years without health insurance that would have allowed me to take preventative medicine.

QUESTION What would you as president do to make low-cost or free preventive medicine available for everybody in this country?

Thank you.

(VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator Obama, 45 million uninsured Americans. Senator Edwards says your plan doesn't really provide universal coverage.

Does it?

WINNER Absolutely it does. John and I have a disagreement.

John thinks that the only way we get universal coverage is to mandate coverage. I think that the problem is not that people are trying to avoid getting health care coverage.

It is folks like that who are desperately in desire of it, but they can can't afford it.

WINNER And I know from personal experience. My mother, when she was between jobs, contracted cancer, and she spent the last few months of her life trying to figure out whether or not she was going to be able to pay for the treatments.

It is an outrage. How is that the wealthiest nation on Earth cannot afford to provide coverage to all people? And that's why I put forward a plan.



But let's understand this. Everybody here is going to have a plan. John's got a plan. I've got a plan. Hopefully, everybody here will provide a plan for universal coverage.

But we've had plan before, under a Democratic president in the '90s and a Democratic Congress. We couldn't get it done because the drug insurance -- drug and insurance companies are spending $1 billion over the last decade on lobbying.



And that's why we've got to have a president who is willing to fight to make sure that they don't have veto power. They can have a seat at the table, but they can't buy every single chair when it comes to crafting the sort of universal health care that's going to help the folks that you saw in that video.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards...



MODERATOR Senator Edwards, does Senator Obama provide universal coverage?

LOSER No, because the only way to provide universal coverage is to mandate that everyone be covered.

But I want to say, you know, I came out with a universal plan several months ago. A couple of months later, Senator Obama came out with a plan. He's made a very serious proposal, and I'm not casting aspersions on his plan. I think it's a very serious proposal. It just doesn't cover everybody. The only way to cover everybody is to mandate it.

And the stories we have just heard, from diabetes, to Alzheimer's, to cancer -- there are millions of people in this country who are suffering so badly. And just this past week -- in fact, you were with me on the third day -- I went on a three-day poverty tour in America.

The last day, I was with a man in western Virginia, in the Appalachian mountains -- 51 years old, three years younger than me.

LOSER He'd been born with a severe cleft palate, and he was proud of the fact that someone had finally volunteered to correct it.

He had not been able to talk -- I want to finish this. He had not been able to talk until it was fixed.

Here was the problem. It was fixed when he was 50 years old.

For five decades, James Lowe (ph) lived in the richest nation on the planet not able to talk because he couldn't afford the procedure that would've allowed him to talk. When are we going to stand up and do something about this?

We have talked about it too long. We have got to stand up to the insurance companies and the drug companies that Barack just spoke about. It is the only way we're ever going to bring about real change. We should be outraged by these stories.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, this goes back to the first question that we got. How is it going to be any different under your administration?

LOSER Well, first, I want to thank Mark and Joel and Charity and Kim and Mike. You know, it's not easy coming in front of the entire world and talking about your Alzheimer's, or your diabetes or your breast cancer, or your disability.

LOSER But the fact that this is happening in a country as rich as ours is just a national disgrace.

And, yes, I did try in '93 and '94, and I like to say I have the scars to show for it, but I learned a lot about what we have to do.

And having a plan, yes, that's part of it. But more important, we have to have a sense of national commitment that universal health care is an American value.

We have to quit being told the special interests, like the insurance companies and the drug companies, that, somehow, we can't do what most other developed countries do, which is cover everybody and provide decency and respect to every single person in this country with health care.



MODERATOR All right. I've got another question on health care.

Let's watch.

QUESTION Hi, this is Lucia Ballie (ph) for a group of friends on the east side of L.A. And our question is Does your health care plan cover undocumented workers?

QUESTION Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER First of all, I hope all of us get a chance to comment on this issue. This is a huge issue that deserves the attention and every candidate here ought to have the chance to talk about health care.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER First of all, the woman with the Alzheimer's issue -- stem cell research. Under a Dodd administration, stem cell research will be conducted so they can deal with diabetes.



Regarding the family that's talking about diabetes, 49 percent of our school districts have exclusive contracts with soft drink companies and junk food companies because we're not funding enough in our education system.



That's an obesity problem as well.

MODERATOR Would your plan cover undocumented workers?

LOSER It would. People who live in this country -- children certainly would be covered. And I'm in support of the immigration policy here that requires them to contribute so that...

MODERATOR So that's a yes?

LOSER If they're paying part of that thing, then they also get covered. Because, frankly, I don't want them contributing disease problems and health issues to the rest of the...

MODERATOR Let's try to answer the question.

MODERATOR Would your plan, Governor Richardson, cover undocumented workers?

LOSER Yes, it would. It should cover everybody.



In this country, no matter who you are, whether you're a ditch- digger, you're a teacher, you're a CEO, you're a waiter, you're a maid, every American deserves the right to the best possible quality health care.



That would be part of my plan. But also, it is prevention. It's starting early with kids. It's having -- get rid of junk food in schools, as I did in New Mexico...



.... a healthy breakfast for every child, mandatory phys ed, research into Alzheimer's, into cancer, into stem cell.

MODERATOR OK. Another question from a YouTube viewer.

QUESTION Hi. My name is Chris Nolan and I'm a Democratic precinct committeeman from Mundelein, Illinois. And my question is for Hillary Clinton.

With Bush, Clinton, and Bush again serving as the last three presidents, how would electing you, a Clinton, constitute the type of change in Washington so many people in the heartland are yearning for, and what your campaign has been talking about?

I was also wondering if any of the other candidates had a problem with the same two families being in charge of the executive branch of government for 28 consecutive years, if Hillary Clinton were to potentially be elected and then re-elected.

QUESTION Good luck. And, whoever becomes the nominee, I'm pulling for you.

QUESTION Go Democrats!



MODERATOR The question is for Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I think it is a problem that Bush was elected in 2000.



LOSER I actually thought somebody else was elected in that election, but...



LOSER Obviously, I am running on my own merits, but I am very proud of my husband's record as president of the United States.



LOSER You know what is great about this is look at this stage and look at the diversity you have here in the Democratic Party. Any one of us would be a better president than our current president or the future Republican nominee.



LOSER So I'm looking forward to making my case to the people of this country...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ... and I hope they will judge me on my merits.

MODERATOR Thirty seconds, Senator Gravel. Do you have a problem with it?

LOSER Well, yes, I do, a serious problem. The Democratic Party used to stand for the ordinary working man. But the Clintons and the DLC sold out the Democratic Party to Wall Street.

Look at where all the money is being raised right now, for Hillary, Obama and Edwards. It's the hedge funds, it's Wall Street bankers, it's the people who brought you what you have today.

Please wake up. Just look at the New York Times of the 17th of July that analyzes where the money's coming from.

MODERATOR Time's up.

LOSER It comes from the bankers on Wall Street and of course hedge funds, which is code for bankers on Wall Street. And they're lock, stock and barrel in their pocket.

MODERATOR Since you went to Senator Obama, we'll let you respond, if you want.

WINNER Look, I think every single question we've heard you see cynicism about the capacity to change this country. And the question for the American people, who desperately want change, is Who's got a track record of bringing about change?

Who can unify the country, so that we're not just talking about Democrats and Republicans, but we're talking about Americans? And who can overcome the special interests in Washington so that we have a president of the United States who is fighting on behalf of ordinary people?

MODERATOR In our remaining...

WINNER And that, I think, is going to be the kind of president that is going to be elected -- is going to be nominated by the Democrats, and I believe that I'm best qualified to fill that role.

MODERATOR In our remaining few minutes, the questions turn to two subjects -- God and guns. First question.

QUESTION Hi, I'm Zenne Abraham in Oakland, California. The cathedral behind me is the perfect backdrop for this question. This quarter reads "United States of America." And when I turn it over, you find that it reads "liberty, in God we trust." What do those words mean to you? Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER Religion informs my values.

LOSER My reason dictates outcomes. My religion taught me about abuse of power. That's why I moved to write the Violence Against Women Act. That's why I take the position I take on Darfur. It came about as a consequence of the reasoning that we're able to do it.

You know, look, I don't think they're inconsistent. I don't find anything inconsistent about my deep, religious beliefs and my ability to use reason. I think the coin's got it just right. I think I have it in perspective.

MODERATOR Here's a question from the other side of the coin.

QUESTION Good evening. My name is Stephen Marsh of Thousand Oaks, California, proud citizen of the United States of America that does not believe in God. However, the former President Bush said this statement was an oxymoron.

Now, I am worried about the amount of time given to evangelical concerns while secular voters are more or less getting a snubbed -- the faith and politics forum.

So my question is this Am I wrong in fearing a Democratic administration that may be lip service to the extremely religious as much as the current one? And if so, why? Thank you for your time.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER As president of the United States, we will embrace and lift up all Americans, whatever their faith beliefs or whether they have no faith beliefs, as Stephen just spoke about. That's what America is.

Now, my faith is enormously important to me personally. It's gotten me through some hard times, as I'm sure that's true of a lot of the candidates who are on this stage.

But it is crucial that the American people know that as president it will not be my job -- and I believe it would be wrong -- for me to impose my personal faith beliefs on the American people or to decide any kind of decision, policy decision, that will affect America on the basis of my personal faith beliefs.



MODERATOR Senator Obama?

WINNER I am proud of my Christian faith. And it informs what I do. And I don't think that people of any faith background should be prohibited from debating in the public square.

WINNER But I am a strong believer in the separation of church and state, and I think that we've got to translate...



By the way, I support it not just for the state but also for the church, because that maintains our religious independence and that's why we have such a thriving religious life.

But what I also think is that we are under obligation in public life to translate our religious values into moral terms that all people can share, including those who are not believers. And that is how our democracy's functioning, will continue to function. That's what the founding fathers intended.

MODERATOR Another question regarding guns.



QUESTION Good evening, America. My name is Jered Townsend from Clio, Michigan.

To all the candidates, tell me your position on gun control, as myself and other Americans really want to know if our babies are safe.

This is my baby, purchased under the 1994 gun ban. Please tell me your views.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you have one of the highest NRA ratings.

LOSER The issue here, I believe, is instant background checks.

LOSER Nobody who has a criminal background or is mentally ill should be able to get a weapon. That is the key, and that includes gun sales. That includes gun sales at gun shows.

The key is going to be also attacking poverty, bringing people together, dealing with those kids in the ghettos that are heavy users of gun violence and they are victims of gun violence, to make sure that this country attacks the core problems of poverty, having child care, bringing parents together.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, are you going to be able to keep his baby safe?

LOSER I'll tell you what, if that is his baby, he needs help.



I think he just made an admission against self-interest. I don't know that he is mentally qualified to own that gun. I'm being serious. Look, just like me, we go around talking about people who own guns. I am the guy who originally wrote the assault weapons ban, that became law, and then we got defeated and then Dianne Feinstein went to town on it and did a great job.

LOSER Look, we should be working with law enforcement, right now, to make sure that we protect people against people who don't -- are not capable of knowing what to do with a gun because they're either mentally imbalanced and/or because they have a criminal record, and...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER Anyway...



MODERATOR We got one more question. Before...

LOSER ... I hope he doesn't come looking for me.



Before we do -- we've got one more question. Before we get to that, we're going to play our last YouTube-style campaign video from the Obama campaign.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

WINNER We want an end to this war. And we want diplomacy and peace. Not only can we save the environment; we can create jobs and opportunity. We're tired of fear. We're tired of division. We want something new. We want to turn the page.



The world as it is is not the world as it has to be.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR And this last...



MODERATOR This last question from a YouTube viewer will be asked to each of you.

QUESTION My name is Jason Koop, and I am from Colorado Springs, Colorado. And my question is for all of the candidates, and it is intended to lighten up the mood a little bit.

I would like for each of you to look at the candidate to your left and tell the audience one thing you like and one thing you dislike about that particular candidate. And remember, be honest.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER I turn to my left and I like Chris Dodd. I knew his dad, I served with his dad.

I do have a difference of opinion with respect to where the money's coming from.

LOSER I've advocated, people, follow the money if you want to find out what's going to happen after any one of these individuals are elected. Follow the money, because it's politics as usual is what you're seeing.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER I like John Edwards. I love his wife Elizabeth and his family, and I think we've had enough of negative in politics. I have nothing negative to say about the gentleman.



MODERATOR You're not going to answer the question. All right.

Senator Edwards?

LOSER I admire what Senator Clinton has done for America, what her husband did for America.

I'm not sure about that coat.



MODERATOR Senator Clinton?

LOSER Yes, John, it's a good thing we're ending soon.



You know, I think that Chris Dodd has it absolutely right. I mean, I admire and like very much Barack, as I do with all of the candidates here. And I think that what you've seen tonight is how ready the Democrats are to lead.

LOSER We are ready to lead the change that America so desperately needs.

MODERATOR All right. I'll take that as you're not going to answer.

Senator Obama?

WINNER I actually like Hillary's jacket. I don't know what's wrong with it. And I like the fact that Bill Richardson has devoted his life to public service, because that, I think, is the highest of callings.



I don't like the fact that he either likes the Yankees or the Red Sox, but doesn't apparently like the White Sox. And we're having a tough time this year.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson?

LOSER You know, let me just say, I love all of the candidates here.

LOSER In fact, I think they would all do great in the White House as my vice president.



Let me say something about Joe Biden.



Joe Biden -- you know, the only negative thing about Joe. We disagree on Iraq very strongly, on Darfur. But this man has devoted his whole life to public service. He's been a distinguished chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He's had great contributions in civil rights, in issues relating to gun control, in Supreme Court nominees. He will make an excellent secretary of state for me.



MODERATOR Senator Biden?

LOSER I don't like a damn thing about him. I -- no, I'm only kidding. Only kidding.



Dennis and I have been friends for 25 years. I think this is a ridiculous exercise.



Dennis, the thing I like best about you is your wife.



MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, talk about Senator Gravel.

LOSER Wait a minute. He talked about my wife.

MODERATOR Well...



LOSER You notice what CNN did. They didn't put anybody to the left of me. Think about it.



MODERATOR I'm not sure it would be possible to find anybody.





LOSER And you know what? And you know -- and I'm glad I get a chance to debate you to my left, because there's no one more mainstream on the war and on health care and on trade than I am, Anderson.

Now, about SenatorLOSER Didn't he show great courage during the Vietnam War, when he exposed what was going on with the Pentagon Papers. Really courageous American. I'm proud that he's up here.

Thank you, Senator Gravel.



MODERATOR All right. We'll leave it at that.

I want to thank all the candidates tonight. CNN and YouTube would also like to thank all our partners, the South Carolina Democratic Party and the Democratic National Committee, for sponsoring tonight's big debate.

We want to thank our host, The Citadel.

September 17th is the Republican debate. I want to encourage everyone to submit their questions via YouTube. You can start doing that right away. All you've got to do is go to YouTube.com, click on the link.

Thanks very much, everyone.

Good night.

Participants
Senator Joseph Biden, Jr. (D-Del.)
Senator Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.)
Senator Christopher Dodd (D-Conn.)
Former Senator John Edwards (D-S.C.)
Former Senator Mike Gravel (D-Ak)
Representative Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio)
Senator Barack Obama (D-Ill.)
Gov. Bill Richardson (D-N.M.).

MODERATOR 
Tavis Smiley, host of "Tavis Smiley" on PBS.

Panelists
Michel Martin, journalist and NPR host;
Ruben Navarrette, Jr., nationally syndicated columnist;
Dewayne Wickham, USA Today and Gannett News Service columnist.

MODERATOR To ask the first question tonight, I'm pleased to be joined by Crecilla Cohen Scott from Bowie, Maryland. She is a winner of our online contest in which we asked the listeners of the Tom Joyner Morning Show to submit questions to the website, BlackAmerica.com. This question will go first to Senator Clinton, and we'll work our way, of course, down the line. Please welcome, from Bowie, Maryland, Crecilla Cohen Scott for tonight's first question.

CRECILLA COHEN SCOTT (Bowie, MD) (Applause.) Good evening, candidates. In 1903, the noted intellectual W.E.B. DeBoise said the problem of the 20th century is the problem of the color line. Is race still the most intractable issue in America, and especially, I might add, in light of today's U.S. Supreme Court decision which struck down the use of race as a factor in K through 12?

LOSER Well, thank you for that question. And it is abundantly clear, especially today, that race and racism are defining challenges not only in the United States but around the world. You know, we have made progress. You can look at this stage and see an African American, a Latino, a woman contesting for the presidency of the United States. But there is so much left to be done. And for anyone to assert that race is not a problem in America is to deny the reality in front of our very eyes. (Applause.)

You can look at the thousands of African-Americans left behind by their government with Katrina. You can look at the opportunity gap, the Cradle to Prison Superhighway that The Covenant talks about, and you can look at this decision today, which turned the clock back on the promise of Brown v. Board of Education, that was resting on the fact that children are better off if they are a part of a diverse, integrated society.

So, yes, we have come a long way, but, yes, we have a long way to go. The march is not finished, and I hope that all of us, the Democratic candidates, will demonstrate clearly that the work is yet to be done. And we call on everyone to be foot soldiers in that revolution to finish the job. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER The answer to your question It is still the defining issue. And the decision today -- look at the minority views. The minority stated, had the rationale that was applied by the majority been applied the last 50 years, we would have never, never overcome the state's effort to ignore Brown versus the Board.

But we can do something about it, and the place to start is through the next president of the Supreme Court of the United States of America. As some of you know, some of the people out on this stage and the press criticized me for being awful tough on Justice Roberts and awful tough on Alito; the problem was the rest of us weren't tough enough on them. (Applause.) They have turned the court upside down, and the next president of the United States will be able to determine whether or not we go forward or continue this slide. It's the single most imperative generational decision the next president will make, and you better pick the right person to make it. (Applause.)

LOSER Leading on the issues of race is about being authentic, about speaking honestly. Race is a major issue in this country, and the next president has to talk about it. Race is not just passing new laws. Race is not just naming solid Supreme Court justices. Race is also dealing with bigotry and racism that exists in this country.

And I believe very strongly that the next president is not just going to have to pass laws and take the steps necessary to reaffirm affirmative action and take steps to make sure that our schools are integrated, but also the next president is going have to lead and speak passionately about a dialogue among all people.

And I believe very strongly that issues of diversity, for me, the first Latino to run for president, aren't talking points; they're facts of life. (Applause.)

LOSER Well, let me say first, thank you to the Howard Bison for hosting us here tonight. We're very proud to be here. This is one of the great HBCUs in America, which all of us should be proud of. I'm proud of some that we have in my home state of North Carolina.

And I also want to thank you for hosting this debate where finally we can talk about inequality in America, which is at the heart and soul of why I'm running for president of the United States. The truth is that slavery followed by segregation followed by discrimination has had an impact that still is alive and well in America, and it goes through every single part of American life. We still have two public school systems in America. These two Americas that I've talked about in the past -- man, they are out there thriving every single day. We have two public school systems in America -- one for the wealthy, one for everybody else.

We have two health care systems in America, and we know that race plays an enormous role in the problems that African Americans face and the problems that African Americans face with health care every single day. There are huge health care disparities, which is why we need universal health care in this country. But we have work to do. All of us have work to do. And by the way, also making sure that every single American, including people of color, are allowed to vote and that their vote is counted in the election -- (applause) -- and that we know that their voice is heard in the election. But we have, all of us -- all of us have a responsibility to build one America that works for everybody, across all racial barriers that still exist in this country. (Applause.)

WINNER First of all, thank you for the question. Tavis, thank you for helping to organize this. All the contributors of the covenant, thank you. And thank you to Howard and Dr. Swygert and all of you who have made me what I am. You know, this is where Thurgood Marshall and the team from Brown crafted their strategy. And if it hadn't been for them, I would not be standing here today. (Applause.)

And it was their fundamental recognition that for us to achieve racial equality was not simply good for African-Americans, but it was good for America as a whole; that we could not be what we might be as a nation unless we healed the brutal wounds of slavery and Jim Crow. Now, we have made enormous progress, but the progress we have made is not good enough. As many have already mentioned, we live in a society that remains separated in terms of life opportunities for African-Americans, for Latinos, and the rest of the nation. And it is absolutely critical for us to recognize that there are going to be responsibilities on the part of African-Americans and other groups to take personal responsibility to rise up out of the problems that we face.

But there has also got to be a social responsibility, there has to be a sense of mutual responsibility, and there's got to be political will in the White House to make that happen. (Applause.) That's what I'm committed to doing. That's the reason I'm running for president. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER I want to share the remarks of Barack Obama, because the fact of the matter is that racial inequality is real, that it affects every area of our lives, as the Covenant pointed out. Now, it's interesting the philosophy that's guiding leaders at every branch of -- in the executive and the judicial branch of government, because they go out and tell people, "Pull yourselves up by the -- by your bootstraps," and then they steal their boots. (Laughter.)

We need to have a policy in education which first of all is guided by certain fundamental rights. Jesse Jackson, Jr., has a bill that makes having an equal opportunity for education a matter of a constitutional privilege. And with this Supreme Court ruling, it is imperative that we have a constitutional amendment guaranteeing educational opportunity equality. (Applause.)

Next, in the meantime, universal free kindergarten. Every child age 3, 4 and 5 should have access to full, quality daycare. Eliminate those disparities that we see early on in school. Eliminate No Child Left Behind, which is aimed at testing instead of improving children's educational opportunity through language, music and the arts. (Applause.) And finally, we need to take the resources away from war and military buildups and assure that every child should have a chance for a quality college education as well.

Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER First off, let me thank the organizers. This is the fairest debate or forum that we've had thus far this year.

Let me add that racism was here with us at the beginning of this country. It was here in the last century, and it's going to be with us in the 21st century. And one of the areas that touches me the most and enrages me the most is our war on drugs that this country has been putting forth for the last generation.

In 1972, we had 179,000 human beings in jail in this country; today, it's 2.3 million, and 70 percent are black, African-Americans. (Light applause.) And I hope my colleagues will join me in standing up and saying, like FDR did with Prohibition, "We'll do away with that." And FDR did it. And if I'm president, I will do away with the war on drugs, which does nothing but savage our inner cities and put our children at risk. (Applause.)

There's no reason for this. There's not an American that doesn't understand the culture and the understanding that Prohibition was a failure, and so we repeat it again like we repeated Iraq after we had the failure of Vietnam. When will we learn? When we learn that the issue of drugs is a public health issue. Addiction is a public health issue, not a criminal issue where we throw people in jail and criminalize them to no advancement to the people -- (applause) -- and if there's one group of people in this country that needs to face up to that problem, and we have to face up to it, and that is the African American community. (Applause.)

LOSER Well, let me add -- let me add my voice in thanking Howard University for hosting this this evening and Tavis, thank you as well.

It's an appropriate first question that was asked here. And to bring up the issue of education, of discrimination, at this wonderful institution is critically important. The shame of all of this is that long before the decision was reached today or yesterday in the Seattle cases, the shame of resegregation has been occurring for years in our country here. The reality that our public educational system is today a segregated system and that we have not taken enough leadership over the years to understand the great damage that has done to our country.

This evening there'll be many subjects that'll be raised, and important ones. None is more important, in my view, than the issue of education. Whether or not from the earliest education opportunity to the highest level of education opportunity, this is the key to equal access to our society. It is something that can never be taken away from you if you get it. To say today that you're going to exclude race as a means of allowing for the diversity in our communities is a major step backwards. And as president of the United States, I would use whatever tool is available to me to see to it that we reverse this decision today, get back on the track to see to it that our country once again will identify with the identity of unity as a nation, blind, if you will, to the racial distinctions in our society. That's the only way we're going to deal with the new frontiers of the 21st century. The barrios, the ghettos, and the reservations of our society. That's what I stand for, that's what we'll achieve as a Democratic administration. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I want to thank Crecilla Owen Scott for her question. Crecilla, thank you very much. (Applause.)

SCOTT (Off mike) -- thank you --

MODERATOR Please thank Crecilla for her question. (Applause.) It just -- it just seemed to make sense to us to start this conversation with a question from an everyday person in America.

Now I want to turn over this conversation to a terrific panel of journalists I've asked me to -- join me in handling questions this evening. Although I may use moderator discretion if necessary -- (mild laughter) -- from time to time to remind you of that clock out there. So that you can know that we're keeping answers, by the way, to one minute per person.

First up, DeWayne Wickham, syndicated columnist for USA Today and the Gannett News Service. (Applause.) Next, Michel Martin, former "Nightline" correspondent and now host of her own NPR show called "Tell Me More." (Applause.) And Ruben Navarette, Jr., nationally syndicated columnist and member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune. (Applause.) DeWayne Wickham's question will be answered first by Senator Joe Biden.

MODERATOR Thank you, Tavis. This question is about the link between education and poverty. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in 2006 the unemployment rate of black high school graduates -- black high school graduates -- was 33 percent higher than the unemployment rate for white high school dropouts. To what do you attribute this inequity, which keeps many black families locked in the grip of poverty?

LOSER You know, DeWayne, one of the things that we all talk about is this achievement gap. We should remind everybody that the day before a black child, a minority child, steps into the classroom, half the achievement gap already exists. That is, they already start behind. So the moment they walk into that school, they are already behind.

And that gap widens. And it widens because we do not start school earlier. We do not give single mothers in disadvantaged homes the opportunities that they need in order to know what to do to prepare their children. A mother who talks to her child on a regular basis from infancy to being a toddler, that child when it's two years old will have a vocabulary 300 words more than a child not talked to.

So it's simple. You've got to start off and focus on the nurturing and education of children when they're very young, particularly children from disadvantaged families. You've got to invest in starting kids in preschool at age four. They have a 20 percent better chance of graduating when they're there. And you've got to make sure, as you go through the system, you have smaller classrooms, better teachers in the disadvantaged schools.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER It's a -- time's up. Thank you.

MODERATOR Sorry about that. (Applause.) Thank you very much, sir.

Governor.

LOSER You know, sometimes when I talk about education, and this is the first time we have talked about it in any debate, the first thing you hear is, how are you going to pay for it? Nobody asks how we're going to pay for the war. (Applause.) But it's important to state that improving our schools, improving education, access to education to all Americans, should be America's foremost priority. You know, I want to just state that for the record, I am for a minimum wage for teachers. The key to a good education is to pay our teachers and have accountability. (Applause.)

And we have to have also -- we have to make sure that we deal with this achievement gap. One out of two minorities in this country, one out of two African-American, Latino kids don't make it through high school. They drop out. That has to be combatted with at-risk programs, with programs that deal with more parental involvement. We have to start early, universal preschool. We did this in New Mexico. We did this. Kids under 4 -- full-day kindergarten.

MODERATOR Governor --

LOSER We have to have healthy breakfast for every child.

And finally, we have to find a way to give every American access to a college education.

LOSER Thank you, sir. (Applause.)

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Let me say, first, DeWayne, this issue of poverty in America is the cause of my life. It's the reason I started a poverty center at the University of North Carolina. It's the reason I've been working so hard on this issue.

And I think the starting place is to understand that there is no one single cause of poverty. You know, when you have young African- American men who are completely convinced that they're either going to die or go to prison, and see absolutely no hope in their lives; when they live in an environment where the people around them don't earn a decent wage; when they go to schools that are second-class schools compared to the schools in wealthy suburban areas, they don't see anything getting better, there are lots of things that we need to do.

I actually agree with what Senator Biden said about early childhood, but I think we should start much earlier than 4 years of age, which is what the focus has been.

I think it's also true that we need to pay teachers better. I think we ought to actually provide incentive pay to get our best teachers in the inner-city schools and into poor rural areas where they're needed the most. But it goes beyond that. We also have to make work pay for young men who are graduating from high school, the very group that you're describing, which means we're going to have to do a whole group of things. We need to significantly raise the minimum wage. We need to strengthen the right to organize. And we need to help low-income families save --

MODERATOR Senator Edwards.

LOSER -- so they're not prey to predatory lenders that are taking advantage of them today. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Obama?

WINNER A number of the things that we've got to do have already been mentioned. Early childhood education. And John's exactly right, it starts from birth. And where we can get parenting counselors to go in and work with at-risk parents, it makes an enormous difference.

We've got to make sure that teachers are going to the schools that need them the most. We're going to lose a million teachers over the next decade because the baby-boom generation is retiring. And so it's absolutely critical for us to give them the incentives and the tools and the training that they need not only to become excellent teachers but to become excellent teachers where they're most needed.

We're going to have to put more money into after-school programs and provide the resources that are necessary. When you've got a bill called No Child Left Behind, you can't leave the money behind for No Child Left Behind. And unfortunately, that's what's been done. (Applause.)

But the most important thing is that we recognize these children as our children. The reason that we have consistently had underperformance among these children, our children, is because too many of us think it is acceptable for them not to achieve. And we have to have a mindset where we say to ourselves, every single child can learn if they're given the resources and the opportunities. And right now that's not happening. We need somebody in the White House who's going to recognize these children as our own. (Applause.)

LOSER Dr. King recognized that when there's a war, people of two countries suffer, because what he was talking about was the link between war and fear and poverty, as opposed to peace and security and prosperity. And so when we shift the paradigm of this country away from war, then we start to have the resources which must be there for education, for universal pre-kindergarten, for fully-funded elementary and secondary education, for college for all. (Light applause.) But we have to remember that with a nation right now that will spend anywhere from 1 (trillion dollars) to $2 trillion on this war, that is money out of the educational lives of our children. We need to remember the connection. (Cheers, applause.) I'm ready to see at least a 15 percent reduction in that bloated Pentagon budget, stop funding war, start funding education. That's where we get the money.

Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER Dennis, you're a little too modest on that. I think we can cut a little more than 15 percent, very much so. Stop and think what the opportunity costs -- now, you have heard these nostrums before. I've been watching your heads. You're nodding on all the programs. You've heard it 10 years ago, you've heard 20 years ago -- why doesn't it change? The Democratic Party hasn't done appreciably better than the Republican Party in solving these problems. It has to be solved the people, not by your leaders. (Applause.)

Stop and think. When he's talking about the money we're squandering -- 21 million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq -- (applause) -- 7.6 million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money. Now, how do you think we got into this problem? The people on this stage, like the rest of us, are all guilty and very guilty, and we should recognize that, because there is linkage! (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd? Yeah, time's up. I'm sorry. Senator Dodd?

LOSER Thank you, Tavis.

As I said at the outset on the first question, I don't believe there's any other issue as important as this one we'll discuss this evening, as education. There's a lot of good talk here, and I admire the fact that my colleagues here and candidates all care deeply about this issue. I stand before you as a candidate. We have to make a decision about, who is our best candidate to win the presidency in 2008?

For 26 years, through five terms in the United States Senate, I have dedicated myself to this issue. I'm very proud of the fact that Marian Wright Edelman of the Children's Defense Fund has come to me over and over again, and proud to have authored the legislation to deal with the whole child, that authored the first child care legislation in this country, to begin in the earliest days to make sure that parents have the assurance that there will be a quality place for their child to be, and an affordable place, an available place, and then to begin with early childhood education, to see to it that we'd have a good Head Start program.

I'm proud of the fact that I was called the Senator of the Decade by National Head Start Association. (Applause.) I have walked the walk on these issues; I am committed to these issues. There's nothing that will be a higher priority to me as president of the United States than to see to it that America's children, from the earliest days of their arrival, certainly through the upper education branches of our educational system, have the equal opportunity.

None of us here can guarantee success --

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER -- but we have an obligation to guarantee an opportunity to that success. The key to that door is the education of the American child. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER Well, I really believe that it takes a village to raise a child -- (applause) -- and the American village has failed our children.

We have heard absolutely the right prescription. I have fought for more than 35 years for early childhood education, for more mentoring, for more parent education programs, to get our children off to a good start. I have fought to make sure that schools were fair to all children. That's the work I did in Arkansas, to try to raise the standards particularly for the poorest of our children, and most especially for minority children. And certainly in the White House years, and now in the Senate, I've continued that effort because I don't think there is a more important issue.

But I also believe we cannot separate the education part from the economic part. There is still discrimination in the workplace. There are still people who are turned down and turned away who have qualifications and skills that should make them employable. (Applause.) So this is a broader issue that we have to address.

MODERATOR The next question, from Michel Martin of NPR, will be answered first by Governor Richardson.

MARTIN Thank you, Tavis.

Good evening, Governor. Good evening, candidates. I'm sure you'll agree there are a lot of beautiful young people out here in the audience today, and we're very pleased to be here at Howard University. So you can imagine how disturbed we were to find out from the Centers for Disease Control that African-Americans, though 17 percent of all American teenagers, they are 69 percent of the population of teenagers diagnosed with HIV/AIDS.

Governor and candidates, what is the plan to stop and to protect these young people from this scourge?

LOSER It is a moral imperative that America have a policy to fight this dreaded disease both nationally and internationally. You got to make some tough choices. First, we've got to have -- we have to use needles. We have to be sure that we have efforts in the African-American community, in minority communities, to have comprehensive education. In addition, we have to deal with Africa. Close to 20 percent of the African people have some kind of HIV virus. It's important that the president of the United States make a major funding effort, a major commitment to deal with this issue. And here I'm going to say something positive about President Bush. His funding for Millennium accountability and Millennium appropriations has been relatively impressive.

And I believe it's important that not only we deal with this issue in this country, bring -- bringing condoms, finding ways to increase needles, penetrating minority outreach in communities --

MODERATOR Governor, you have --

LOSER -- that's how to deal with it.

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Thank you very much for the question.

African-American women are 25 times as likely to be infected with AIDS today in America than white women. Over half of the new diagnoses of AIDS in America are African-Americans. So this is obviously having a disproportionate effect on people of color and on the African-American community.

I was in a medical center in Los Angeles just a few days ago, where they're providing treatment and help to those who -- first to determine whether they have AIDS; second, to provide them the treatment and the drugs that they need.

But we shouldn't be dependent on private funding to do what needs to be done about a scourge that exists in America, and particularly exists among African-Americans in America. Here are the three things I think we need to do.

First, we need to fully fund finding a cure for AIDS, so we can end this scourge once and for all. (Applause.)

Second, we need to fully fund the legislation, the law known as Ryan White, to make sure that the treatment is available for anybody who's diagnosed with AIDS. (Applause.)

And then finally we need to ensure that Medicaid covers AIDS drugs and AIDS treatment -- (applause) -- to make sure that people get the treatment they need, particularly low-income families who get the -- who are diagnosed with AIDS -- low-income individuals.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER I think John's prescriptions are right. I would add the issue of prevention -- involves education. And one of the things that we've got to overcome -- (applause) -- one of the things we've got to overcome is a stigma that still exists in our communities. We don't talk about this. We don't talk about it in the schools. Sometimes we don't talk about it in the churches. It has been an aspect of sometimes homophobia that we don't address this issue as clearly as it needs to be.

And I also think there's a broader issue, though, here, and this is going to be true on all the issues we talk about -- the problems of poverty, lack of health care, these are -- lack of educational opportunity -- are all interconnected. And to some degree, the African-American community is weakened. It has a disease to its immune system. When we are impoverished, when people don't have jobs, they are more likely to be afflicted not just with AIDS but with substance abuse problems, with guns in the streets. And so it is important for us to look at the whole body here and make absolutely certain that we are providing the kinds of economic development opportunities and jobs that will create healthier communities, that we've got universal health care that ensures that people can get regular treatments. Those are the kinds of strategies that over the long term are going to make a difference in our communities.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

Congressman? (Applause.)

LOSER When you think about the statistics that have been cited here, you realize that it's time to get real about health care and education in America. We need to understand that the ability of our public schools to be able to communicate sex education as a priority at the early age helps children to understand the consequences of their action.

But there's another dimension here, too, and that is we have a nation of such wealth, yet we have 46 million Americans without any health insurance, another 50 million underinsured. It's time for us to make every American know that they should have access. It is a basic right in a Democratic society. We should be able to fund all those diseases where people are suffering and they need care, but we have to end that for-profit medicine. It is time to take the for- profit insurance companies out of the business -- (applause) -- Michael Moore is right about this, by the way -- and have a not-for- profit health care where everyone's covered.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER I touched on it earlier. The scourge of our present society, particularly in the African-American community, is the war on drugs. I'll repeat again as a challenge to my colleagues on this stage, that if they really want to do something about the inner cities, if they really want to do something about what's happening to

the health of the African-American community, it's time to end this war.

There's no reason to continue it in the slightest. All it does is create criminals out of people who are not criminals.

Education? Yes. Health care? Yes. But understand that the health care that we're talking about, by and large, is going backwards, going backwards. We're subsidizing the insurance companies. And all the plans that I've heard of, except Dennis's, is a continued subsidization of the insurance companies.

Please, put pressure on these people to step up and end this war on drugs, which is ravishing your community. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, thank you.

I want to -- I'd certainly underscore a number of the suggestions that have been made dealing with this. I'd add another one additionally, and that is the -- a need for far broader usage of school-based clinics in our society, where children have the opportunity to be able to confront and talk with people that may be willing to give them the kind of sound advice they need on sexual education and the like.

But also each and every one of us can play a role in this. There's a job, obviously, for government here in funding and support. But I believe that each and every citizen bears a responsibility to reach out and do what they can to educate a child. Our church is doing this in many ways. We need to do a better job in our schools, inviting parents and insisting there be more participation in our school systems.

It isn't just HIV/AIDS. The minority community, the African American community, in our country suffers from a lack of access to a wide variety of health care needs. Infant mortality among the black community is two-and-a-half times what it is in the white community. The problems of cardiovascular diseases, obesity, diabetes -- you go down a long list. (Applause.)

It isn't just AIDS; it's a wide range of these issues. And we need to begin to address this issue by understanding that it isn't just universal coverage but access to that coverage which has been missing --

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER -- and to understand there's a variety of issues that need to be addressed in addition to HIV/AIDS.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd. (Laughter.)

LOSER But each and every one of us as citizens can make a difference. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER I was going to say, Tavis, I was going to say, I'll take Global Warming for 600 here. I thought maybe -- (laughter).

MODERATOR Yeah, and I -- Senator.

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Sort of the end of the line here.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, and I was going to say, well -- you Paris Hilton, you'd have an hour, but you're not, so -- (laughter).

LOSER That was good. That was good, Tavis.

You know, it is hard to disagree with anything that has been said, but let me just put this in perspective. If HIV/AIDS were the leading cause of death of white women between the ages of 25 and 34, there would be an outraged outcry in this country. (Cheers, applause.)

So let me quickly say -- before I get compared to Paris Hilton -- (laughter) -- that yes, we have to do all of this, and I'm working on this. I'm working to get Medicaid to cover treatment. I'm working to raise the budget for Ryan White, which the Bush administration has kept flat, disgracefully so, because there are a lot of women, particularly, who are becoming infected in poor rural areas as well as underserved urban areas in states where, frankly, their state governments won't give them medical care.

So this is a multiple dimension problem. But if we don't begin to take it seriously and address it the way we did back in the '90s, when it was primarily a gay men's disease, we will never get the services and the public education that we need. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER I will try to answer your question directly. You said, how do we prevent -- prevent -- these 17-year-olds from getting AIDS, HIV, how do you prevent that. All the things that were said here are good ideas; they don't prevent that. What's happened is there is a policy of neglect, denial and lack of honesty out there. The fact of the matter is, what Hillary points out, there's neglect on the part of the medical and the white community focusing on educating the minority community out there.

I spent last summer going through the black sections of my town, holding rallies in parks, trying to get black men to understand it is not unmanly to wear a condom, getting women to understand they can say no, getting people in the position where testing matters. I got tested for AIDS. I know Barack got tested for AIDS. (Laughter.) There's no shame in being tested for AIDS. It's an important thing.

Because the fact of the matter is, in the community, in the communities engaged in denial, they're engaged in denial, no one wants to talk about it in the community, and we do not have enough leaders, in the community and outside the community, demanding we face the reality, confront the men in the community, as well as the women, letting them know there are alternatives. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER Tavis, Tavis, Tavis, I just got to make clear -- I got tested with Michelle. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR Ah.

WINNER In -- when we were in Kenya in Africa. So I want to --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER I don't want any confusion here about what's going on. (Applause continues.)

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And I got tested to save my life, because I had 13 pints of blood transfusion.

WINNER I was tested with my wife.

MODERATOR And I'm sure Michelle appreciates you clarifying it.

WINNER In public. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Let me take now moderator's privilege here. We unapologetically tonight want to cover as much as we can, and I know the candidates appreciate topics they haven't had a chance to address heretofore. So after the question that Mr. Navarrette will ask, that will be first answered by Senator Edwards, we will then cut your responses to 30 seconds to cover more subject matter tonight. And I thank you for your cooperation.

But you will have a minute --

LOSER We have 30 seconds on this --

MODERATOR You have a minute to answer this question, a minute to answer this question. Then we'll go to 30 seconds for the remainder of the conversation.

LOSER Okay.

MODERATOR Mr. Navarrette.

NAVARRETTE Thank you, Tavis.

This week billionaire Warren Buffett said that the very wealthy aren't taxed nearly enough. In fact, he noted -- (applause) -- in fact, he noted that he's taxed at a lower rate than some of his employees, who earn much less. Do you agree that the rich aren't paying their fair share of taxes? And if so, what would you do about it?

LOSER Well, I think we have -- in fact, I've heard Warren Buffett himself talk about the genetic lottery that we have in America, where, you know, the family you're born into has an awful lot to do with what happens with your life.

And what we want to do, I think, is live in an America where, no matter who your family is or what the color of your skin or where you're born, everybody gets the same chance to do well. And people who have done well ought to have more responsibility to pay back to the country and to the community and those around them.

I think there are at least a couple things we need to do. First, we need to get rid of George Bush's tax cuts for rich people -- (applause) -- which have distorted the tax system in America. I would use that money to pay for universal health care, to make sure everyone's covered.

But the second problem that he's talking about is, we have a capital gains rate, 15 percent, which is the rate that most pay on their investment income, like Warren Buffett, that's significantly lower than the tax rate that his secretary pays.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards --

LOSER That's not right. There is a moral disconnect. We ought to honor work in this country, not just wealth.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir. (Applause.)

WINNER There's no doubt that the tax system has been skewed. And the Bush tax cuts -- people didn't need them, and they weren't even asking for them, and that's why they need to be less, so that we can pay for universal health care and other initiatives.

But I think this goes to a broader question, and that is, are we willing to make the investments in genuine equal opportunity in this country? People aren't looking for charity, and one of the distressing things sometimes when we have a conversation about race in America is that we talk about welfare and we talk about poverty, but what people really want is fairness. They want people paying their fair share of taxes. (Applause.) They want that money allocated fairly.

One of the distressing things about Katrina was the fact -- not only that the Bush administration did not -- (audio break from source) -- before the hurricane struck, and that is because we have not made systematic investments. And the only way we're going to make it is by making sure that those of us who are fortunate enough to have the money actually make a contribution for all the programs that we've been talking about tonight.

MODERATOR Congressman? (Applause.)

LOSER There's three questions involved here What are we taxed? Who is paying? And how are our tax dollars spent? Right now we know that those who are in the highest brackets are not paying a fair share. We understand that. And we also understand that a lot of these corporations are taking their business offshore so they can offshore their profits and escape paying tens of billions of dollars in taxation. And we also know that our tax dollars right now are being spent overwhelmingly on war and military buildup. I want to see a new direction. (Applause.) I want to see the wealthy pay their fair sure. I want to make sure that these corporations have to -- if they have an American name, they have to pay taxes here, and I want to see the end of war as an instrument of policy.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel? (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER I want to say that none of you are going to live in your lifetime to see our system of taxation change, based upon what you've heard here. I was -- (laughter) -- I was eight years on the Finance Committee -- none of them have served on that committee -- and I'll tell you, the code stands that high and there's not a human being alive that understands it.

And it's with Democrats, with Republicans, they take care of the people. Do you think it's accident that all of a sudden we wake up, that the wealthy aren't paying a fair share? The only way they're going to pay a fair share is wipe out the income tax -- it is corrupt, it's corrupting our society -- (applause) -- and begin to put in place a tax that everybody will know what everybody's paying, and that's a retail sales tax. And you can make it as progressive as you want. Keep in mind, a tax where everybody will know what everybody is paying.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, thanks.

LOSER You won't see it with this.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Thank you, Tavis.

I happen to believe very strongly that our tax and fiscal policies ought to reflect our moral values and that our tax and fiscal policies ought to be fair, responsible, and pro-growth, as well. We live in a society where obviously it's going to be important to expand our economy so that jobs will be created, businesses can grow, people have an opportunity in this life.

I'm deeply disappointed, as many. We had a very good period of time, I might say, under the Clinton administration, where we balanced the budget. We had a tax policy that was much more fair. We need to get back to those days again where we had that kind of fiscal policy.

One of the taxes that needs to be addressed -- because we're losing manufacturing jobs in this country. We today reward industries that leave America by giving them tax breaks. I would like to see us reward companies that stay in our inner cities, go to places where jobs ought to be created. (Applause.) That to be a part of our tax policy as well.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, I clearly think that our economy was working a lot better in the 1990s. We had the creation of 22 million new jobs, a balanced budget and a surplus. And certainly when the Bush administration came in, they were determined to tilt the balance back toward the privileged.

We are paying a very big price for this, because middle-class and working families are paying a much higher percentage of their income. That was Warren Buffett's position, that he pays about 17 percent, because don't forget, it's the payroll tax plus the income tax. And when you cut off the contribution at $90,000, $95,000, that's a lot of money between 95,000 (dollars) and the 46 million (dollars) that Warren Buffett made last year. And he's honest enough to say, look, tax me, because I'm a patriotic American and I want to make sure our country stays strong and is fair.

So, yes, we have to change the tax system, and we've got to get back to having those with the most contribute to this country. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Biden.

LOSER Warren -- Warren Buffett is right. I would eliminate the tax cut for the wealthy. They didn't ask for it, as someone earlier said. They don't need it. They're as patriotic as anyone else if you ask them, and we've asked nothing of them.

The second point is, understand what happened this last election, in 2000. The first time in our history since we had the federal income tax, there was a fundamental shift of the burden from (sic) people who are wage earners away from people who are investors.

For the first time in our history, we're in a position where those who are the wage-earners are paying a bigger chunk than they should. It's got to shift back, and the basis for them doing that is they really believe the wealthy know better. They think we don't know how -- average folks don't know how to make the economy work. It's all about their ideology. It's got to fundamentally change. You have to tax investment and you've got to give a break, a break to wage-earners.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Biden. (Applause.)

Governor?

LOSER There's no question -- there's no question that there's tax unfairness in this country, but we have to rebuild the economy. Yes, the Bush tax cuts of 2 percent; that has to go.

But I would replace those Bush tax cuts with tax cuts for the middle class. (Scattered applause.) I would reward companies that pay over the prevailing wage, that go into the inner cities, that go into rural areas. I would also have tax-free holidays for technology start-ups -- three years, if they train people in the inner city, if they hire people over the prevailing wage.

We need to rebuild this economy by being pro-growth Democrats. We should be the party of innovation, of entrepreneurship, of building capital, getting capital for African American small businesses. We need to find a way in this country that we say that globalization must work for the middle class.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER And we need to find ways also to use the tax code, not just to simplify it, but to make it fairer --

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER -- but also to generate jobs and reward entities in this country --

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

LOSER I'm -- I'm almost finished. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Your time --

MODERATOR Yeah, thank you.

MODERATOR Yes -- you are, and I thank you. (Laughter.) As I asked -- as I asked your cooperation of a moment ago again, we unapologetically wanted this conversation to be different, to cover as many subjects as much as we could, in terms of subject matter. So DeWayne Wickham's question now will be answered first by Senator Obama -- 30 seconds, and we'll cover a lot more ground. Thank you.

MODERATOR Okay. Okay, please stay with me on this one.

According to FBI data, blacks were roughly 29 percent of persons arrested in this country between 1996 and 2005. Whites were 70 percent of people arrested during this period. Yet at the end of this 10-year period, whites were 40 percent of those who were inmates in this country, and blacks were approximately 38 percent. What does this data suggest to you?

WINNER That the criminal justice system is not color blind. It does not work for all people equally, and that is why it's critical to have a president who sends a signal that we are going to have a system of justice that is not just us, but is everybody. (Applause.) And -- you know, this is something that I've got a track record working on at the state level, where a lot of the criminal justice issues come up.

That's why I passed racial profiling legislation at the state level. That's why I passed legislation to make sure that we didn't have wrongful convictions.

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER But it requires some political courage, because oftentimes you are accused of being soft on crime when you deal with these issues. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Thank you, sir. I love you, but I'm trying to keep this moving.

Yes, sir, Congressman.

LOSER As president, I'll have an attorney general who's going to be sensitive to the very issues that you raised. First of all, we need to seek to end mandatory minimums. (Applause.) We know who's serving those mandatory minimums. Second, we need to have the emphasis, with respect to drug offenses, on rehabilitation, not incarceration. And third, as president, I'll do anything I can to end the federal death penalty, which I've already introduced legislation for in the past. (Applause.) Because we need to have an approach that recognizes the discrimination which exists in our justice system.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel.

LOSER Is it a surprise to anybody in this room that if you don't have any money, you don't get any justice? (Laughter.) Is that a surprise to you all? (Applause.) My gracious, the only way you're going to get justice is to turn around and empower yourselves to become lawmakers so you can change the system, and there's no thought of really changing the system today. It's politics as usual. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER Well, I agree -- I think the mandatory minimum sentencing has been a disaster. I'm a strong supporter of Charlie Rangel's efforts here to eliminate the distinction between crack cocaine and powder cocaine. (Applause.) That'll have a big difference in terms of who actually goes to jail in this country.

And then obviously, as well, we need to have a Justice Department that is not going to be politicized, as we've watched this one, with U.S. attorneys who do the political work rather than doing the justices' work in our country. As president, I will insist upon that. I'm sure the rest of my colleagues would here. We'll get better justice with Democrats in the White House.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton.

LOSER In order to tackle this problem, we have to do all of these things.

Number one, we do have to go after racial profiling. I've supported legislation to try to tackle that.

Number two, we have to go after mandatory minimums. You know, mandatory sentences for certain violent crimes may be appropriate, but it has been too widely used. And it is using now a discriminatory impact.

Three, we need diversion, like drug courts. Non-violent offenders should not be serving hard time in our prisons. They need to be diverted from our prison system. (Applause.)

We need to make sure that we do deal with the distinction between crack and powder cocaine. And ultimately we need an attorney general and a system of justice that truly does treat people equally, and that has not happened under this administration. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER As you well know, the bulk of the inequity's at the state level, not at the federal level, number one.

Number two, we need diversion out of the system. I'm the guy that wrote the drug court legislation that is in the law right now.

Number three, you have to eliminate the disparity between crack and powdered cocaine. I've introduced legislation to do that, one to one, no difference.

And number four, you have to find a way in which you insist from a federal level that the states in fact apply the law equally -- they don't -- through the Speedy Trial Act. The states -- 650,000 people coming out of the jail in the state prisons --

MODERATOR Senator --

LOSER Three hundred thousand will come out addicted from the prison this year.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Biden. (Applause.)

Governor.

LOSER Carved at the marble top of the U.S. Supreme Court it says, "Equal justice under law." This country has had 200 years. Yet today 68 percent of those in jail are minorities.

In your own book, Tavis, you say that one out of three African- American males spends some time in jail. That is wrong.

And what we need is a strategy to deal with poverty. Expand the Earned Income Tax Credit. Increase the minimum wage. Have a living wage in this country. Find ways to expand child care. Find ways also to let Americans join a union. This will not only give them more health care but more accountability and the ability to protect themselves.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Tavis, I -- everything that's been said is correct, you know -- changing mandatory minimum, changing the disparity between crack and powder cocaine, having a system that's fair. If you're African-American, you're more likely to be charged with a crime. If you're charged with a crime, you're more likely to be convicted of the crime. If you're convicted of the crime, you're more likely to get a severe sentence. There is no question that our justice system is not color-blind.

But can we also create an infrastructure for success for those who are charged and convicted for the first time, so that we help them with drug counseling, job counseling, job training, education -- (applause) -- help them get the back -- back into the community with some chance of changing their lives.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

Michel Martin's next question will be answered first by Congressman Dennis Kucinich. Michel.

MARTIN Congressman, would you support a federal law guaranteeing the right to return to New Orleans and other Gulf regions devastated by Hurricane Katrina, based on the United Nations Human Rights Standards Governing the Internal Displacement of Citizens?

LOSER Absolutely. What happened in New Orleans in the aftermath and how it was dealt with underscores everything that's wrong in this country about race.

First of all, New Orleans wouldn't have happened if the government had been more sensitive to make sure that those levees had been repaired when they were told they were supposed to be repaired. (Applause.)

Secondly -- secondly, New Orleans represents a hope also, because we have to make sure people have a chance to return, and they should be guaranteed that. They should also be guaranteed jobs.

I held a hearing yesterday in my Domestic Policy Subcommittee, which shows that people in New Orleans aren't getting jobs. They're hiring people from outside, and sometimes when they get jobs, they aren't being paid.

MODERATOR Congressman --

LOSER We've got to change that. We must change it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Michel -- (applause) -- on this end, they could not hear the question. Could you repeat it again, right quick?

MARTIN Okay. The question is, would you support a federal law guaranteeing the right to return to New Orleans and other Gulf regions devastated by Hurricane Katrina, based on the United Nations human rights standards governing the internal displacement of citizens -- and I can go further -- that includes the requirement that authorities establish conditions and provides the means to allow internally displaced persons to return voluntarily in safety and dignity?

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Gravel, 30 seconds.

LOSER The answer to the question is yes. And just keep in mind, if we weren't squandering our treasure on this terrible war that we didn't have to start, we would have 4 million housing units available, and a good portion of them could go to Katrina residents. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Dodd?

LOSER I would as well. I -- New Orleans and Katrina have become a symbol of everything that went wrong with this administration's failure to respond to a people in need. I could think of no better way to have New Orleans and Katrina, that event, become a symbol of what we can do right in this country, by giving people the opportunity to come back and the support they will need to regain their lives.

This is an American city. Anywhere else in America, we'd want to step up and see to it that people would get that help; this is the least we ought to be able to do to see to it they get their lives back together.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton? (Light applause.)

LOSER I have proposed a 10-point Gulf Coast Recovery Agenda, because it's sort of as a chicken and an egg issue, Michel.

First, we've got to get the hospitals back up. We've got to get the law enforcement and the fire departments -- you know, right now this administration has basically neglected with almost criminal indifference the rebuilding of the Gulf Coast, in particular New Orleans and the parishes.

So even if we were to give people a right, there is nothing to return to. We have got to rebuild New Orleans, and it's not only the protection from the levees, it is all the infrastructure. And until very recently, the administration would not give the people of New Orleans the same right we had after 9/11, which was to get FEMA money without a 10 percent match.

And we finally got that changed, but it was outrageous that it took so long. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Biden.

LOSER The U.S. Constitution should be sufficient. We don't need to go to the United Nations; all we got to do is step up. We got to step up and pay to rebuild those firehouses, pay to bring those cops back, pay to rebuild those hospitals. It is a nation's problem, it is not the problem merely of the people of Louisiana or New Orleans. This is an American city incapable on its own of doing this. (Applause.) It's an American problem. We should guarantee the reconstruction.

MODERATOR Senator -- Governor.

LOSER The answer to your question is yes, I would support that. I would also support the Katrina Recovery Act of Representative Waters.

This has been the most disgraceful episode in an American response to help our own people. (Applause.) What we need to do in this country is not just atone for a miserable performance before, during and after Katrina, but for the future.

One, we need to make sure that FEMA is directly under the president. Secondly, we need to make sure that we eliminate the 10 percent match. They did it for 9/11 in New York; they ought to do it for this situation. Third, we should get rid of all the burdensome loans that are taken out. We also need to say --

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER -- to the insurance companies You have to insure these people and rebuild homes in Louisiana. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

Senator Edwards.

LOSER This is an issue I care about personally and deeply. As many of you know, I announced my presidential campaign

from the Ninth Ward of New Orleans. I think we took 700 college kids down to help rebuild who gave up their spring break to work with me and others to help rebuild New Orleans. I'm proud of those kids. (Applause.)

We have a huge responsibility. As president, I would make one person -- a very high-level, competent person in the White House -- responsible for reporting to me every day on what he did in New Orleans yesterday -- (applause) -- and then I'll say the next day What did you do yesterday? And what we should do is allow the people of New Orleans to rebuild their own city. We ought to pay them a decent wage, give them health care coverage, instead of having big multinational --

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER -- corporation(s) get billion-dollar contracts with the government.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. (Applause.)

Senator Obama.

WINNER Well, let me -- let me finish John's thought because it's an important one. Halliburton or Bechtel or these other operations getting the contracts to rebuild instead of giving the people in New Orleans the opportunity to rebuild and get jobs and training is a further compounding of the outrage.

I think that what's most important, though, that we have a president who is in touch with the needs of New Orleans before the hurricanes -- hits, because part of the reason that we had such a tragedy was the assumption that everybody could jump in their SUVs, load up with some sparkling water and check into the nearest hotel. (Applause.)

And we've got to have -- we've got to have one person in charge. We've got to have a FEMA director that's reporting to the president, but we have to have a president who understands the reality that people in New Orleans were being neglected prior to the hurricane. And there are potential Katrinas all across this country that have been left unattended.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Ruben.

NAVARRETTE Thank you.

MODERATOR Ruben's question will be asked -- answered, rather, first by Senator Gravel. Yes, Ruben.

NAVARRETTE A lot of Americans are concerned with outsourcing of U.S. jobs. Most corporations, I think it's fair to say, don't share that concern. In fact, they argue that we're living in a global economy and Americans have to compete in that environment. Which side are you on? And if you agree that outsourcing is a problem, what's your solution?

LOSER No, outsourcing is not the problem. What is the problem is our trade agreements that we have that benefit the management and, of course, the shareholders, and have neglected on either side of the issue, whether it's in Mexico or in other countries or the United States. That's the problem that must be addressed.

So, no, it's not outsourcing. But I would add to it, it's the way all of these people want to finance health care, on the backs of businesses, that make them uncompetitive in the world. That's part of the problem. And our system of taxation is also part of the problem because it makes us uncompetitive in the world.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, thank you.

Senator Dodd.

LOSER Yes, I disagree. I think it's a huge issue here. The fact of the matter is we're exporting a lot of valuable jobs in this country and we shouldn't be doing it. I offered legislation that was passed that prohibited the Defense Department for outsourcing contracts, going off our shores here when many hard-working Americans ought to be allowed to do those jobs.

I talked earlier about providing tax incentives. When you have people literally driving to the international airports to fly to some country to provide some funding for a local project in those nations, bypassing the very communities that could very well use those kind of jobs and economic growth, that is wrong. I will continue to do what I can to see to it that we limit outsourcing American jobs. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator Dodd.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, outsourcing is a problem, and it's one that I've dealt with as a senator from New York. I started an organization called New Jobs for New York to try to stand against the tide of outsourcing, particularly from upstate New York and from rural areas.

We have to do several things end the tax breaks that still exist in the tax code for outsourcing jobs, have trade agreements with enforceable labor and environmental standards, help Americans compete, which is something we haven't taken seriously, which goes back to the very first question about education and skills. Let's not forget that 65 percent of kids at an age, cohort, do not go on to college. What are we doing to help them get prepared for the jobs that we could keep here that wouldn't be outsourced -- and find a new source of jobs, clean energy, global warming, would create millions of new jobs for Americans. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Senator Biden.

LOSER I agree with everything that was said here. But the bottom line here is that eliminating the tax breaks is not going to keep jobs here in America. We've got to make it more attractive to have jobs here in America and for corporations to be here.

You've got to take the burden off the corporations with a health care system that's universal, so we're not at a competitive disadvantage. You've got to have a better education system to provide for the highest-tech jobs that we educate our folks for, so we're not importing 400,000 computer engineers to work in Silicon Valley. And you've got to deal with the innovation and infrastructure needs in this country -- tunnels, bridges, et cetera -- which we haven't done to make us more competitive.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Biden.

Governor Richardson.

LOSER Outsourcing is a problem. Most outsourcing jobs are technical. We need to upgrade our science and math standards in our school. It's education. And I would create 250 science and math academies to deal with that gap.

In addition to that, what we need is trade agreements, fair trade agreements where we say, no slave labor, no child labor; we're not going to have -- we're going to have environmental protection; we're going to have to deal with wage disparity. And also, I would have a different attitude toward the private sector. I would say to the private sector, what is it going to take to keep you here?

I would have an industrial policy where we invest in high-growth industries, in health industries, in high-tech, in renewable energy, to keep those jobs here.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. Thank you very much.

Senator Edwards.

LOSER Let me say first, this is something I don't have to read about in a book. I've seen it up close. I saw what happen when the mill that my dad worked in all his life, and I worked in myself when I was young, closed and the jobs went somewhere else. It was not just devastating to him and his pride and his dignity. It was devastating to the community, and the same thing has happened all over America.

I think a lot the things that have been said are true. America's got to compete.

We have to be the best-educated, most innovative workforce on the planet.

We also need trade agreements with real environmental and labor standards that the president of the United States is willing to enforce.

And third, we need to eliminate all tax breaks for companies who are taking their jobs overseas and getting a tax break for doing it. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER I now live in Chicago, but I'm not originally from Chicago. I moved there to work with churches, to -- that were dealing with the devastation of steel plants that had closed all throughout the region. Tens of thousands of people had been laid off.

There was never a federal effort to come in after those closings and to figure out how can we retrain workers for the jobs of the future, how can we invest and make sure capital is available to create new businesses in those communities.

And so not only do we have to deal with our trade agreements, not only do we have to eliminate tax breaks for companies that are moving overseas, not only do we have to work on our education system, but we also have to have an intentional strategy on the part of the federal government to make sure that we are reinvesting in those communities that are being burdened by globalization and not benefitting from it.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

Congressman.

LOSER I've stood behind plant gates that were locked, where grass was growing in the parking lots, where they used to make steel, they used to make bicycles, washing machines. And now there's grass growing in the parking lots.

I know what the solution is, and you do, too, and I want to challenge my fellow candidates.

One of my first acts in office will be to cancel NAFTA and the WTO -- (applause) -- and go back to trade conditions on workers' rights, human rights and environmental quality principles. That's what we must do. A Democratic administration started NAFTA. A Democratic administration will end it. (Applause.)

MODERATOR As I look at my watch, we're down to about five minutes in this conversation. This will be the last question, unfortunately. We've done a good job of covering a variety of subject matter different than the previous conversation, but DeWayne, very quickly, this will be the last question, and it will start with Senator Dodd.

MODERATOR This question is about Darfur. This is the second time that our nation has had a chance to do something about genocide in Africa. The first came in Rwanda in 1994, when we did nothing as more than a half a million people were slaughtered there. What does this country's unwillingness to move aggressively to end the slaughters that take place in Darfur today -- what does it say about our claim to moral leadership?

LOSER Well, we've unfortunately, as a result of our conflict in Iraq, the sustaining of a military presence there, have lost our moral authority, unfortunately. And as a result of that, our ability to mobilize the world on issues like Darfur has been severely damaged.

But the United States should be able to take some unilateral action here in providing the kind of protection where people are being slaughtered in that country; and in the meantime, get our military out of Iraq, as I've planned and offered to do, and thus regain that stature, which we need to be doing as a nation in this world and be able to build those coalitions --

MODERATOR Senator Dodd.

LOSER -- (that will ?) respond to an issue like Darfur. But in the meantime, the United States ought to act. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Dodd.

Very quickly, Senator Clinton.

LOSER There are three things we have to do immediately. Move the peacekeepers that finally the United Nations and the African Union have agreed to into Sudan as soon as possible. In order for them to be effective, there has to be airlift and logistical support, and that can only come either unilaterally from the United States or from NATO. I prefer NATO. And finally, we should have a no-fly zone over Sudan because the Sudanese governments bomb the villages before and after the Janjawid come. And we should make it very clear to the government in Khartoum we're putting up a no-fly zone; if they fly into it, we will shoot down their planes. Is the only way to get their attention. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Biden.

LOSER I have been calling for three years to stop talking and start acting. We don't have to wait to get out of Iraq to regain our moral authority. We've lost part of our moral authority because we stood by and watched this carnage. And if need be, if the rest of the world will not act, we should, and should have already -- two years ago -- imposed a no-fly zone, and we should have two years ago, absent the willingness of the rest of the world to act, put American troops on the ground to stop the carnage. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Biden. Thank you, sir.

Governor Richardson.

LOSER You know, in the last debate I upset some people because I said we should use the levers on China, on them hosting the Olympics, to do something on Darfur. You know, I believe that fighting genocide is more important than sports. So what I would like to do is, one, a no-fly zone. Get economic sanctions backed by the Europeans.

We need to find ways to stop the massive rapes. I was in Darfur three months ago. Today a report by Refugees International laid out a plan to deal with --

MODERATOR Governor, I got to --

LOSER -- that.

MODERATOR I hate to cut you off.

LOSER We should not forget about Africa. American policymakers should take stands --

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER -- not just the Middle East and Iraq.

MODERATOR Senator -- thank you very much.

Senator Edwards? Thank you very much. Senator Edwards? (Applause.)

LOSER I agree, a no-fly zone -- we need to get a security force on the ground; sanctions -- we need to put pressure on the Chinese. But I -- Darfur is part of a bigger question for America, which is, how do we re-establish ourselves after Iraq as a force for good in the world again? And I think there are lots of things we ought to do.

Instead of spending $500 billion in Iraq, suppose America led an effort to make primary school education available to 100 million children in the world who have no education, including in Africa.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards --

LOSER Suppose we led on stopping the spread of disease, sanitation, clean drinking water and economic development.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you very much. I got just a few seconds.

Senator Obama? (Applause.)

WINNER The no-fly zone is important. Having the protective force is critical. But we have to look at Africa not just after a crisis happens; what are we doing with respect to trade opportunities with Africa? What are we doing in terms of investment in Africa? What are we doing to pay attention to Africa consistently with respect to our foreign policy? That has been what's missing in the White House, and that -- (applause) -- our term security is going to depend on whether we're giving children in Sudan and Zimbabwe and in Kenya the same opportunities so that they have a stake in order as opposed to violence and chaos. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman, I've got 15 seconds for you and 15 seconds for Mr. Gravel, very quickly.

LOSER It's time for the United States to stop looking at Africa as a place where our corporations can exploit the people and -- (cheers, applause) -- I mean, because let's face it, let's -- let's face it, if Darfur had a large supply of oil, this administration would be occupying it right now.

MODERATOR Congressman --

LOSER We need to -- (cheers, applause) -- we need to stop --

MODERATOR Congressman, thank --

LOSER -- we need to stop giving Sudan a pass. They're looking the other way --

MODERATOR Congressman, I hate to cut you off. I got to get at least a quick response from Senator Gravel.

LOSER It's very simple. If we have a president, he has to have moral judgment.

AUDIENCE MEMBERS (Off mike) -- mike --

LOSER What? No mike? You can't hear me?

AUDIENCE MEMBERS No.

LOSER You can hear me now? We have to have a president who has moral judgment. Most of the people on this stage with me do not have that judgment, and have proven it by the simple fact of what they've done. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR We are up against the clock. My thanks to all. Please thank all the candidates for joining us tonight. We'll see you again September 27th for the Republican All-American Presidential Forum. Until then, good night from Washington. Thanks for watching. And as always, keep the faith. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Let's meet the candidates. We've asked for no opening statements. However, I would like to ask each candidate to, in one short sentence -- and the emphasis is on the word "short" -- short sentence, about five seconds or so, to introduce themselves to the voters of New Hampshire.

Let me begin with an example of what I have in mind. I'm Wolf Blitzer, and I'm with CNN. (Laughter.)

Let's start across the stage and go to Mike Gravel.

Senator, why don't we begin with you, and then we'll go down the line.

LOSER Like Lee Iacocca said, I'm back from the past, a new leader. My name is Mike Gravel, and I'm running for president of the United States for real.

LOSER My name is Christopher Dodd. I'm a United States senator from the state of Connecticut.

LOSER I'm John Edwards.

LOSER I'm Hillary Clinton, a senator from New York running for president.

WINNER Senator Barack Obama, senator from Illinois running for president.

LOSER I'm Bill Richardson, the proud governor of the state of New Mexico.

LOSER Joe Biden, United States senator from the state of Delaware.

LOSER Dennis Kucinich, congressman Cleveland, Ohio, City of Champions.

MODERATOR Excellent. You did very, very well. (Laughter.) I think all of us are really happy about that.

Let's begin our questions right now. We're going to start with Scott Spradling of WMUR-TV. He has the first question.

Scott.

LOSER Wolf, thank you. And thanks to all eight of you being here this evening. We appreciate it.

Senator Obama, you get the first question of the night. It has been nearly six years since 9/11. Since that time, we have not suffered any terrorist attacks on U.S. soil. Just yesterday, the FBI arrested three men for a terror plot at JFK Airport. Could it be that the Bush administration's effort to thwart terror at home has been a success?

WINNER No. Look, all of us are glad that we haven't had a terrorist attack since 9/11, and I think there are some things that the Bush administration has done well.

But the fact of the matter is is that we live in a more dangerous world, not a less dangerous world, partly as a consequence of this president's actions, primarily because of this war in Iraq, a war that I think should have never been authorized or waged. What we've seen is a distraction from the battles that deal with al Qaeda in Afghanistan. We have created an entire new recruitment network in Iraq, that we're seeing them send folks to Lebanon and Jordan and other areas of the region.

And so one of the things that I think is critical, as the next president, is to make absolutely certain that we not only phase out the Iraq but we also focus on the critical battle that we have in Afghanistan and root out al Qaeda. If we do not do that, then we're going to potentially see another attack here in the United States.

MODERATOR Does the Bush administration, Senator, deserve any credit for the fact there's been no terrorist attack here in the United States for nearly six years?

WINNER You know, I think there are some things they've done well. I think they've cracked down on some of the financial networks; I think that is important. They have unfortunately not strengthened our alliances with other countries, and one of the most important things that we're going to have to do to be successful in rooting out these networks is to make sure that we have the cooperation of other nations.

That is not something that we've done, and the effort in Iraq has greatly weakened our efforts there.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, let me let you clarify what you said the other day. You said the war on terror is a bumper sticker, not a plan. With the news yesterday, this alleged plot at JFK which could have done supposedly horrendous damage and caused incredible number of casualties, do you believe the U.S. is not at war with terrorists?

LOSER I reject this bumper sticker, Wolf. And that's exactly what it is, it's a bumper sticker. As president of the United States, I will do absolutely everything to find terrorists where they are, to stop them before they can do harm to us, before they can do harm to America or to its allies. Every tool available -- military, alliances, intelligence -- I will use. But what this global war on terror bumper sticker -- political slogan, that's all it is, it's all it's ever been -- was intended to do was for George Bush to use it to justify everything he does. The ongoing war in Iraq, Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, spying on Americans, torture, none of those things are okay. They are not the United States of America.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, do you agree with Senator Edwards that this war on terror is nothing more than a bumper sticker, at least the way it's been described?

LOSER No, I do not. I am a senator from New York. I have lived with the aftermath of 9/11.

And I have seen firsthand the terrible damage that can be inflicted on our country by a small band of terrorists who are intent upon foisting their way of life and using suicide bombers and suicidal people to carry out their agenda. And I believe we are safer than we were. We are not yet safe enough, and I have proposed over the last year a number of policies that I think we should be following.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, you voted against the Patriot Act when it was first introduced; you've since voted against it. But some would say yesterday's plot that was described by the FBI underscores the need for precisely that kind of tough measure to deal with potential terrorists out there.

LOSER Benjamin Franklin once said that those who would give up their essential liberties to achieve a sense of security deserve neither.

The Patriot Act has undermined civil rights in this country, and as the president of the United States, one of my first acts in office would be to move forward to have the Justice Department overturn the Patriot Act as unconstitutional. We have to remember that 9/11 led us down a cul-de-sac. Americans need to reconnect with our deeper sense of self here, Wolf. We have to remember that, you know, the courage that it took to form this country is still within us, and I want to have what I call the 9-10 Forum to recreate -- to help us reconnect with a deeper sense of who we are as Americans.

MODERATOR All right. We got to move on to the next question. I want to go back to Scott. Go ahead, Scott.

LOSER Thanks, Wolf.

Senator Biden --

LOSER Yes, sir.

LOSER -- question for you on Iraq. You are on the only person standing on this stage tonight to recently vote to continue funding the troops in Iraq. My question is this why were Senators Obama, Clinton, Dodd and Congressman Kucinich wrong to vote against the funding?

LOSER I'm not going to make a judgment of why there were wrong. I'll tell you why I was right. No one has fought harder to change this president's policy -- matter of fact, the very language that was vetoed in the bill was language that I and, along with Senator Levin, put in, and I suggested over a year ago in a proposal I laid forward, that is, start to draw down troops immediately, have them all out by '08.

But, you know, the fact of the matter is it's about time -- we've not been told the truth about this war from the beginning by this president, and the fact is we got to tell the truth now. The truth now is there are 160,000 forces in Iraq; they're in harm's way. Seventy percent of all the injuries are caused by those IEDs. We know that if we put in these mine-resistant vehicles, these V-shaped hull vehicles, put them in now -- we could save two-thirds of the lives and two-thirds of the injuries. My colleagues joined me when I proposed fast-forwarding the funding for that so we could get 2,500 of them into the field by August.

If we had voted no and stopped this, it would have delayed that. Lives are at stake. I -- and I knew the right political vote, but I tell you what, some things are worth losing elections over.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, why are you reluctant to say now they were wrong and you were right?

LOSER Because I don't want to judge them. I mean, these are my friends. We work like -- we've worked together. We work hard and try to end this war. We hear people telling everybody, "Just stop the war, Congress." We have 50 votes. We're busting our neck every single day. So I respect them. But look, I cannot, as long as there is a single troop in Iraq that I know if I take action by funding them, I increase the prospect they'll live or not be injured, I cannot and will not vote no to fund them.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you've voted in favor of every funding for the U.S. troops since the start of the war until now. And some are accusing and some others of playing politics with the lives of the troops. What is your response?

LOSER Well, I have the deepest respect for my friend Senator Biden, and he and I have agreed on much of what we have attempted to do. Unfortunately, we don't have a president who is willing to change course, and I think it was time to say enough is enough. I thought the best way to support our troops was to try to send a very strong message that they should begin to come home.

That is the best way to support them, and I thought that vote was an opportunity to do so.

Everybody on this stage, we are all united, Wolf. We all believe that we need to try to end this war. In two nights you're going to have the Republican candidates here; they all support the war, they all support the president, they all supported the escalation. Each of us is trying in our own way to bring the war to an end.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you did the same thing. Since you came in to the Senate you voted for the funding for the troops for this war until now. What's your answer?

WINNER Wolf, look, everybody supports the troops and everybody knows that. To some degree, this was a vote that had to do with how we feel about a continuation of a plan that has not worked. The president has now announced, just the other day he said that this was like Korea. Keep in mind we've been there six decades in the Korean peninsula, and the best way for us to support the troops is to ensure that we are not continuing to try to impose a military solution on what is essentially a political problem in Iraq. And that's why I put forward a bill that would begin a phased redeployment and have all our troops out by March 31st of next year.

MODERATOR I'm going to come to Governor Richardson in a moment.

But Senator Edwards, where, if at all, do you disagree with any of your Democratic colleagues, Democratic candidates on this issue of the troops, the funding of the war, how to get out?

LOSER Well, I think it's a difference between leading and following. I think Hillary's right -- all of us do want to end this war. But I have made very clear from the outset that the way to end the war is for the Congress to use its constitutional authority to fund. They should send the bill to the president with a timetable for withdrawal, which they did. The president vetoed it, then it came back, and then there was a moment of truth.

And I said throughout the lead-up to the vote that I was against a funding bill that did not have a timetable for withdrawal, that it was critical for the Congress to stand firm; they were given a mandate by the American people. And others on this stage -- Chris Dodd spoke out very loudly and clearly --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- but I want to finish this -- others did not; others were quiet. They went quietly to the floor of the Senate, cast the right vote. But there is a difference between leadership and legislating.

MODERATOR Do you want to name names?

LOSER No, I think it's obvious who I'm talking about.

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR It is to me, but it might not be to some of the viewers out --

LOSER Senator Clinton and Senator Obama did not say anything about how they were going to vote until they appeared on the floor of the Senate and voted. They were among the last people to vote. And I think that the importance of this is -- they cast the right vote, and I applaud them for that. But the importance of this is, they're asking to be president of the United States, and there is a difference between making clear, speaking to your followers, speaking to the American people about what you believe needs to be done. And I think all of us have a responsibility to lead on these issues --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- not just on Iraq, but on health care, on energy, on all the other issues.

WINNER Wolf?

MODERATOR I'm going to give both of them a chance to respond to you.

Senator Obama.

WINNER Well look, the -- I think it is important to lead. And I think, John, the fact is, is that I opposed this war from the start. So you are about four and a half years late on leadership on this issue.

And, you know, I think it's important not to play politics on something that is as critical and as difficult as this. Now, the fact of the matter is Joe has a legitimate perspective. It is not easy to vote for cutting off funding because the fact is there are troops on the ground. And I'll let Hillary speak for herself, but the fact of the matter is, is that all of us exercise our best judgment, just as we exercised our best judgment to authorize or not authorize this war. And I think it's important for us to be clear about that.

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, and I think it's important particularly to point out this is George Bush's war. He is responsible for this war.

He started the war. He mismanaged the war. He escalated the war. And he refuses to end the war.

And what we are trying to do, whether it's by speaking out from the outside or working and casting votes that actually make a difference from the inside, we are trying to end the war. And each of us has made that very clear. We have different approaches. I have a three-step plan to bring the troops home starting now, put pressure on the Iraqi government to take responsibility, and cut off aid when they won't, and engage in intensive diplomacy regionally and internationally.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER The differences among us are minor. The differences between us and the Republicans are major. And I don't want anybody --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- in America to be confused.

MODERATOR Let me let Senator Edwards respond.

Are the differences minor between you and these Democratic candidates?

LOSER There are differences between us. And I think Democratic voters deserve to know the differences between us. I think there is a difference between making very clear, when the crucial moment comes on Congress ending this war, what your position is, and standing quiet. That's all I'm saying.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER They eventually voted the right way. I respect them for voting the right way. But there are important differences between us on this, and the voters are entitled to know that.

MODERATOR Let me let Senator Dodd -- he voted against the funding as well. Senator?

LOSER Well, first of all, let me thank John Edwards for the nice compliment. I appreciate that in the midst of all this.

Wolf, the first responsibility and the first priority of an American president is to keep our country safe and secure. This policy in Iraq has failed. It is a civil war in that country. Everyone who has looked at this issue has drawn the conclusion that there is no military solution to it. It seems to me, then, it's incumbent upon us, given the fact that we are less safe, less secure, more vulnerable, weaker today, not stronger, as a result of this policy, that we ought to try to bring it to a close.

And so I thought the right thing to do was to pursue and push this issue of having a date certain --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- tied to funding. Very, very important so that we have the ability to move beyond this.

This war has been -- caused many casualties, not the least of which are our troops, obviously, but also the foreign policy. Your first question on terror has been directly affected because of this policy in Iraq.

MODERATOR Well, Governor -- I want Governor Richardson to weigh in, because I know you've been very, very concerned about what's happening with the genocide in Darfur. What if some of the critics, some of the supporters of this war are right, and a unilateral, quick U.S. withdrawal from Iraq -- and you want troops out by the end of this year -- does lead not only to an increased civil war but to genocide in Iraq? What moral responsibility does the United States have to deal with that scenario?

LOSER I've spent a lot of time in this region. I was U.N. ambassador; 80 percent of my time was spent on the Iraq issue. I talked to the leaders there, and there is a fundamental difference between my position and the position of my good friends here. I believe that it's a civil war. I believe that there is sectarian conflict already. There is enormous turmoil. Seven Americans died today.

This is what I would do I would have a resolution, under Article I, to deauthorize the war, to move forward with a timetable -- the end of this calendar year -- no residual --

MODERATOR But what about genocide? What about the possibility of genocide?

LOSER -- no residual forces.

I think there has to be pointed out a difference in our approach. Obviously genocide is something -- in Darfur -- you know I have been involved in that issue. I believe what we need to do there is stop this genocide. What don't we care about --

MODERATOR But what about Iraq, if it were, God forbid, to happen?

LOSER Well, obviously I would keep troops in Kuwait, where they are wanted. I would move them to Afghanistan to fight al Qaeda. But I believe that our troops have become a target. Our troops right now have done a magnificent job. And so what -- the difference between all of us here is this all of these resolutions, the funding supplemental, appropriation on funding on issues relating to timetables is not working because the president is vetoing.

MODERATOR All right --

LOSER Let me finish.

MODERATOR Hold on one second. We're going to get back to this. I want to let Senator Gravel, he hasn't had a chance to speak yet.

Senator Gravel, I know you've been outspoken on all of these issues. Where very briefly do you disagree with these other Democratic candidates?

LOSER Totally. Totally. It's just that simple. Four of these people here will say that it's George Bush's war. It was facilitated by the Democrats. They brought the resolution up, one of them authored, co-authored it here, standing here, and so it's -- sure, it's George Bush's war, but it's the Democrats' war also.

Now, you want to end it? You're concerned about what's going to happen after we withdraw. Remember Vietnam. All the dominoes are going to fall, Southeast Asia's going to go -- is going to go communist. Well, how do we know what will happen? I do know this, that the insurgency is successful because the population sustains that insurgency. Period.

MODERATOR Let's go to the next question from Tom.

Go ahead, Tom.

AUDIENCEYes, thank you.

Congressman Kucinich, the New Hampshire union leader asked --

AUDIENCE Can you put your mike up?

AUDIENCE -- you were --

AUDIENCE Hard to --

AUDIENCE Can't hear you.

LOSER Yeah, hard to hear you.

AUDIENCE Okay. I'll yell. I don't think the mike is working.

The New Hampshire union leader asked leaders to e-mail questions for the candidates --

AUDIENCE I still can't hear him.

AUDIENCE Can you hear him?

MODERATOR I don't know if we're having trouble with this mike. I'll read you his question.

The union leader, the main newspaper here in New Hampshire, asked readers to e-mail their questions. Here's one from Michael Pelletier, a major in the New Hampshire National Guard.

"Can you tell me if the mission we accomplished during our deployment in Iraq was worth our effort and sacrifice, or was it a waste of time and resources?

LOSER I honor the people who served. We all owe them a debt of gratitude, but those who sent those soldiers were wrong. They should have never been sent there in the first place, Wolf. This war has been based on lies, and we could have a productive evening here right now if all of my colleagues on this stage or in the Congress would commit to telling the Democratic leadership not even to offer a funding bill because that's really the way to end the war, Wolf, just say no money, the war's over.

You want to end it, bring them home, stop the funding.

And this is where Senator Clinton says well this is George Bush's war. Oh no. There's a teachable moment here, and a teachable moment is that this war belongs to the Democratic party because the Democrats were put in charge by the people in the last election with the thought that they were going to end the war. Well, they haven't. They have to stop the funding. And I certainly am urging all of my colleagues here, don't give them any more money. The money's in the pipeline right now, enough to bring the troops home.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER Let's end the war and let's make this a productive evening.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER Wolf, look, the Republicans and this president have not told us the truth about this war from the beginning. The last thing we Democrats should do is not be telling the truth. We have 50 votes in the United States Senate. We have less of a majority in the House than at any time other than the last eight years. Ladies and gentlemen, you're going to end this war when you elect a Democratic president. You need 67 votes to end this war. I love these guys who tell you they're going to stop the war. Let me tell you straight up the truth; the truth of the matter is, the only one that's emboldened the enemy has been George Bush by his policies, not us funding the war. We're funding the safety of those troops there till we can get 67 votes.

MODERATOR All right.

SEN.// Wolf?

LOSER We don't have to offer a funding bill.

MODERATOR Hold on. I want to bring Senator Clinton in.

Senator Clinton, do you regret voting to authorize the president to use force against Saddam Hussein in Iraq without actually reading the National Intelligence Estimate, the classified document laying out the best U.S. intelligence at that time?

LOSER Wolf, I was thoroughly briefed. I knew all the arguments, I knew all of what the Defense Department, the CIA, the State Department were all saying. And I sought out dissenting opinions, as well as talking to people in previous administrations and outside experts.

You know, that was a sincere vote based on my assessment that sending inspectors back into Iraq to determine once and for all whether Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction, and using coercive diplomacy, was not an unreasonable act. What I did not count on, and what none of us did who voted to give the president authority, is that he had no intention to allow the inspectors to finish their job.

Now, we can argue about the past or we can answer the question you asked about from the National Guard. Our troops did the job they were asked to do. They got rid of Saddam Hussein. They conducted the search for weapons of mass destruction. They gave the Iraqi people a chance for elections and to have a government. It is the Iraqis who have failed to take advantage of that opportunity.

MODERATOR So let me just be precise; that the question was, do you regret not reading the National Intelligence Estimate?

LOSER I feel like I was totally briefed, I knew all of the arguments that were being made by everyone from all directions. National Intelligence Estimates have a consensus position and then they have argumentation as to those people who don't agree with it. I thought the best way to find out who was right in the intelligence community was to send in the inspectors. And if George Bush had allowed the inspectors to finish the job they started, we would have known that Saddam Hussein did not have WMD and we would not have gone and invaded Iraq.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you didn't read that National Intelligence Estimate either. Do you regret that?

LOSER No, actually I think that -- I would agree with some of what Hillary just said. I think it's true that -- I was on the Intelligence Committee, I don't think Senator Clinton was, but I was on the Intelligence Committee. I received direct information from that. I met with former high-level people in the Clinton administration who gave me additional information and I read the summary of the NIE. I think I had the information I needed. I don't think that was the question.

I think one difference we do have is I think I was wrong. I should never have voted for this war. And this goes to the issue Senator Obama raised a few minutes ago. He deserves credit for being against this war from the beginning.

He was right. I was wrong. (Applause.) And I think it is important for anybody who seeks to be the next president of the United States, given the dishonesty that we've been faced with over the last several years, to be honest to the country. We have to reestablish trust between the American people and the president --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- and that's going to require any of us who want to be president to be open and honest with the American people.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you didn't think the war was the right thing to do, even though you weren't in the U.S. Senate, you didn't have access to any intelligence information at the time. Do you think someone who authorized the use of force to go to war in Iraq should be president of the United States?

WINNER I don't think it's a disqualifier. I think that people were making their best judgments at the time.

I will say on the National Intelligence Estimate that Chairman Graham, Bob Graham of Florida, who at the time was the head of the Intelligence Committee, cited that specifically as one of the reasons that he voted against it. So obviously there was some pertinent information there.

I appreciate John's compliment. When I looked at the issue, what I saw was a weak case on the part of this administration, the sort of fear-mongering that I think, John, you've referred to on this stage tonight. And the critical thing for us moving forward is to recognize that we are not going to be able to continue to throw our troops at a civil war and be able to succeed. And I just have to go back to what I said earlier. This is an enormous distraction from the battle that does have to be waged in Afghanistan and routing out al Qaeda. That is something that we have failed to do. We have the opportunity to be successful there --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER -- but we have to finish the job.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, do you think someone who voted to authorize the president to go to war should be president of the United States?

LOSER Not at all, because it's a moral criteria. And there's information coming out -- Senator Durbin, Mr. Strum in his book -- that really points out that these people knew that there was two sets of intelligence going on at the same time, and they made a political decision to vote the way they voted, a political decision that cost -- stop and think, we have killed more Americans than was done in the 11th of September.

MODERATOR When you say --

LOSER More Americans died because of their decision. That disqualifies them for president. It doesn't mean they're bad people, it just means that they don't have moral judgment, and that's very important when you become president.

MODERATOR All right. Senator Clinton, do you want to respond?

LOSER Well, I have said repeatedly that if I had known then what I know now I never would have voted to give the president authority. And in the last debate, I said that, you know, it was a mistake to trust George Bush that he would do what he told all of us he would do. He made it in speeches, he told us in private that he would put the inspectors in to determine whether or not the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Clinton administration, many other countries who thought that there were stores of chemical and biological weapons were true or not.

Now, I do not think that that is a necessarily wrong judgment at the time. What was wrong is the way this president misused the authority that some of us here gave him, and that has been a tragedy.

MODERATOR We have to move on to the next question. I want to go back to Tom.

Tom, hopefully your microphone is working.

FAHEY Yeah, I'm hoping, too.

Governor Richardson, a question on immigration. Despite your doubts about the immigration bill that's now pending in the U.S. Senate, you support granting legal status to about 12 million people who have entered this country illegally. Why is this not an amnesty program?

MODERATOR All right, I don't know if all the candidates could hear your microphone, so I'm going to re-read his question to make sure all of you heard it.

The question is directed to Governor Richardson. Governor Richardson, despite your doubts about the immigration bill pending in the Senate, you support granting legal status to roughly 12 million people who have entered the United States illegally. Why is this not an amnesty program?

LOSER I'm a border governor. Two years ago, I declared a border emergency because of the tremendous flow of drugs and illegal workers coming into my state. I deal with this issue every day. Here's my position I would not support legislation that divided families. I would not support legislation that builds a wall, a Berlin-type wall between two countries, the way the bill in the Congress exists today.

Now, what are the essential components of any good, sensible immigration bill? One, increased border patrols -- double the size of border patrols and technology. That makes sense. Don't reduce the National Guard that's there.

Secondly, an earned legalization program. Yes, I support that, one that is based on learning English, paying back taxes, passing a background check, getting behind those that are trying to get here legally, obeying laws and bracing American values.

And then lastly, finding ways that we penalize employers that knowingly hire illegal workers. That is essential in an immigration bill.

MODERATOR Well, let me get back to the question. Almost all of these 12 million illegal immigrants who are here would qualify for this new Z Visa, which would make them legal residents of the United States, so here's the question Why isn't this amnesty?

LOSER It isn't an amnesty.

MODERATOR Why?

LOSER Because what this bill does is it sets standards, the standards that I mentioned -- learning English, passing background checks. There's a touchback provision -- the head of household has to go back and then apply. I believe that is unworkable, too. It divides up families. But you don't immediately get an amnesty, you don't immediately get citizenship; it's a process that takes about 13 years.

Now, I commend the Congress for facing up to having a legalization plan. But I will not support a bill -- our immigration laws in this country always bring families together.

This separates families.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER There's also a provision -- this is important -- that involves guest workers.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER They should have labor protections.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER We don't want to create a permanent underclass in those workers.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, let me weigh -- let you weigh in. You voted last year to support this immigration legislation, including the construction of an approximately 700-mile fence along the border between the United States and Mexico. Governor Richardson doesn't think there needs to be such a fence.

Why is he wrong?

LOSER Well, he's not wrong. There doesn't need to be a 700-mile fence, but there does need -- look, we got to start as if we -- we all love this phrase, "Start talking truth to power." Fourteen million illegals -- now you tell me how many buses, car loads, planes that are going to go out, round up all these people, spend hundreds of millions of billions of dollars for the whole world watching, while we send these folks back. Rather than, rather than, get a background check on all of them, take out the criminals, get them back, and provide for a means by which we allow earned citizenship over the next decade or so.

Folks, being commander in chief requires you to occasionally be practical. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR If you don't think there needs to be a fence, why did you vote for that legislation?

LOSER Well, that fence -- the reason I voted for the fence was that was the only alternative that was there, and I voted for the fence related to drugs. You can -- a fence will stop 20 kilos of cocaine coming through that fence. It will not stop someone climbing over it or around it.

And so -- but this bill has a much more reasonable provision in it. It has much -- much shorter fence, it does have the Border Patrol requirement, and it is designed not just to deal with illegals; it's designed -- a serious drug trafficking problem we have.

MODERATOR Let me bring back Senator Obama.

You also voted for that legislation, including the construction of that fence, and some say, to be even-handed, if you want to build a fence along the border with Mexico, we should also build a fence along the border with Canada.

WINNER Well, we should certainly do a better job patrolling the borders in Canada. In fact, this recent case with the young lawyer who had tuberculosis being waved through by a border guard because, he said, he looked okay is a problem. And we've got to strengthen our border patrols on both sides.

But let's go back to the essential issue here. We are a country of immigrants. We're also a country of laws. And the question is, how do we balance that appropriately? I am hopeful that we can solve this problem constructively.

I think Joe is exactly right that we want to have a situation in which those who are already here, are playing by the rules, are willing to pay a fine and go through a rigorous process should have a pathway to legalization. And I think most Americans will support that if they have some sense that the border is also being secured. What they don't want is a situation in which there is a pathway to legalization and you've got another several hundred thousand of folks coming in every year. And that, I think, is a central position we should be able to arrive at.

MODERATOR All right. We're going to move on to the next question. But before we do, one related question. And I'm going to periodically ask you to raise your hand if you agree or you -- if you agree with the question.

And I want you to raise your hand if you believe English should be the official language of the United States. (Pause.) The only hand I see is Senator Gravel.

LOSER Yeah. We speak English. That doesn't mean we can't encourage other languages. I speak French and English. People speak Spanish and English. But the official language of the United States of America is English.

WINNER Can I just make a point, though? I have to say that that kind of question -- (applause) --

MODERATOR All right, hold on.

WINNER This is the kind of question that is designed precisely to divide us. You know, you're right, everybody --

LOSER I'm already --

WINNER Everybody is going to learn to speak English if they live in this country. The issue is not whether or not future generations of immigrants are going to learn English. The question is, how can we come up with both a legal, sensible immigration policy.

And when we get distracted by those kinds of questions, I think we do a disservice to the American people. (Applause.)

LOSER Wolf, let --

MODERATOR All right. Hold on. We're going to save our applause till the end, please.

Senator Clinton.

LOSER Wolf, let me add that we faced that in the Senate last year, as to whether we would or would not vote for it. The problem is that if it becomes official, instead of recognized as national, which indeed it is, it is our national language, if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language. That means you can't have government pay for translators in hospitals so when somebody comes in with some sort of emergency there's nobody there to help translate what their problem is for the doctors.

So many of us -- I did, at least -- voted to say that English was our national language but not the official language because of the legal consequences of that.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, you know most of the polls show an overwhelming majority of the American public favors making English the official language of the United States.

LOSER Well, I think the points that have been made by Barack Obama and Hillary are very, very important here. This is the kind of question that does divide us.

Just a related point here. We need to be encouraging more language training in our country. At the time of the 9/11 attacks here, we had advertisements running in national newspapers for anybody who could speak Arabic here. We have too few of our people in this country that can understand second languages. This is the 21st century. This is a global economy. We need to encourage more diversity in that. Certainly we have a national language here.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER I speak fluent Spanish, along with Bill Richardson. I'm proud of the fact I speak two languages. But we ought to be encouraging more of that in the country and not talking about how we have one official language in our nation.

MODERATOR We're going to --

LOSER That's not helping our country.

MODERATOR All right. We're going to go on to the next question because our time is obviously limited.

Scott, go ahead.

LOSER Thanks, Wolf. Can you hear me now?

MODERATOR Yes.

SEVERAL CANDIDATES Yes.

LOSER Good.

Senator Edwards, a question for you, sir. I was struck by your conversation that you had a moment ago about dishonesty in politics and wanting to make things clear.

It's a health care question for you. And I'm really focusing on price tags here.

Governor Richardson, for example, says that you can fund health care meaningfully without raising taxes. Senator Clinton has said that she's not prepared to say she will raise taxes to reform health care. Your plan does raise some taxes to fund your universal health care program, so I'm wondering, from your perspective, are they being honest about the true cost of universal health care in America?

LOSER Well, let me say first I think it's a very healthy thing that we have Democrats coming out with health care plans. This country's health care system is completely dysfunctional. I'm proud of the fact that I was the first person to come out with a specific, truly universal health care plan.

Senator Obama came out with a plan just a few days ago, which I don't believe is completely universal, but it deserves to be credited because he laid out what the cost is and exactly how he was going to pay for it. And I do believe that -- and, by the way, you didn't say this -- but my plan calls for 90 (billion dollars) to $120 billion a year. I'd pay for it by getting rid of Bush's tax cuts for people who make $200,000 a year. And I believe you cannot cover everybody in America, create a more efficient health care system, cover the cracks -- you know, getting rid of things like pre-existing conditions and making sure that mental health is treated the same as physical health -- I don't think you can do all those things for nothing. That's not the truth. And I think people have been so sick of listening to politicians who come and say, we're going to give you universal health care, we're going to change the way we use energy in America, we're going to strengthen the middle class, have middle-class tax cuts, and in the process, we're going to eliminate the federal deficit.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That is not the truth.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

LOSER And we need to be honest with people about that.

MODERATOR Let me let Senator Obama weigh in, because you did release your plan that Senator Edwards says is not really a universal health care plan because it isn't mandatory on everyone. I wonder if you'd want to respond to him.

WINNER Well, you just identified the basic disagreement with John and I -- and by the way, I think John has a lot of good elements in his plan. And I think that as people release their plans, I think there's going to be a lot of overlap, which is a good thing.

But the main disagreement with John and I is John believes that we have to have mandatory insurance for everyone in order to have universal health care. My belief is that most families want health care but they can't afford it. And so my emphasis is on driving down the costs, taking on the insurance companies, making sure that they are limited in the ability to extract profits and deny coverage -- that we make sure the drug companies have to do what's right by their patience instead of simply hoarding their profits. If we do those things then I believe that we can drive down the costs for families. In fact, we've got very conservative, credible estimates that say we can save families that do have health insurance about a thousand dollars a year, and we can also make sure that we provide coverage for everybody else. And we do provide mandatory health care for children.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, you've been involved in this issue, as all of us remember --

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR -- for a long time. What do you think of Senator Obama's plan?

LOSER Well, I'm thrilled that universal health care is back on the national agenda. You know, as we remember back in '93 and '94, we tried to come forward with a plan. We weren't successful -- I have the scars to show for that experience. But I am convinced that now, when the Democrats all are coming forward saying this has to be a national goal, we then can try to get the political will.

The most important thing is not the plan because there are only a few ways to do this, and we're all talking pretty much about the same things.

 That's not true.

LOSER From my perspective, we have to lower costs, improve quality and cover everybody.

What's important and what I learned in the previous effort is you've got to have the political will -- a broad coalition of business and labor, doctors, nurses, hospitals, everybody -- standing firm when the inevitable attacks come from the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies that don't want to change they system because they make so much money out of it.

MODERATOR And -- and Senator Clinton, you can do that without raising taxes?

LOSER Well, Wolf, here's the -- here's the challenge I have put forth approximately $120 billion in savings from health care changes that can come -- everything from electronic medical records to better management of chronic care. That is about in the ballpark of what all of us believe it will cost to cover everyone.

The challenge that I'm wrestling with is how do we realize the savings? Now, I don't think there is any Democrat that is not going to let the Bush tax cuts on the wealthiest Americans expire. We're all going to do that, so that money will be available. How, then, do we set forth the priorities that we want to address, including energy efficiency, dealing with global climate change and so much else?

LOSER Wolf? Wolf?

MODERATOR All right.

Governor Richardson, I want you to weigh in, and then I'll let Senator Dodd weigh in.

LOSER As governor of New Mexico, this is what we did We insured every child under five. My wife, Barbara, who sits here, led an effort in the state to increase immunizations.

We got rid of junk food in schools. We brought mandatory phys ed in.

MODERATOR But can you do it national health care --

LOSER Yes, yes, you can. Here's how we do it.

MODERATOR -- universal health care without raising taxes?

LOSER Yes, this is how we do it.

Number one, my plan is mandatory. You do have everybody sharing -- the employer, the employee, you have the state and the federal government.

Secondly, I believe that we can have a plan where if you were satisfied with your health care plan, you can keep it. No new bureaucracy. But addition to that, you focus on prevention. You allow everybody to get the congressional plan that every member here has.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER You bring Medicare 55 and over.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER That's what you do.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

I promised Senator Dodd he could weigh-in as well.

LOSER Well, listen, this is a -- there's not a person in this audience who is watching this program who wouldn't tell you that they've encountered the problems with the health care system in this country. It is shameful. We rank 42nd in infant mortality in the United States worldwide. We rank 45th in life expectancy. It is shameful that in the 21st century we have 47 million of our fellow citizens without heath care coverage, 9 million children, and the number's growing every single day.

Look, we've said here, it's basic agreement about universality here, dealing with information technology, preventative care, chronic illnesses. What's been missing in all of this is the ability to bring people together to get the job done.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER That's what I've done for 26 years, that's what you need to be able to do. And you're going to get -- no one party is going to right this whole thing.

MODERATOR I'm going to --

LOSER It's going to take cooperation to get it done.

MODERATOR I'm going to move on to the next question.

LOSER May I just say just 15 seconds worth.

MODERATOR I'll let Senator Edwards and then Congressman Kucinich. I have a specific question for Congressman Kucinich, but go ahead.

LOSER Okay, I'll be very quick.

I think it is very important, though, to understand -- I think Senator Obama was very honest just now -- we have a threshold question about whether we're going to have truly universal care. The New Republic has estimated that his plan will leave about 15 million people uncovered. He says he will do something about that later.

I believe unless we have a law requiring that every man, woman and child in America be covered, we're going to have millions of people who aren't covered.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER Secondly -- secondly, all the savings that Senator Clinton just talked about are in my plan and they're in Senator Obama's plan.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And both of us have recognized that it's going to cost significant money, and we've talked about how we're going to pay for it.

WINNER Wolf?

MODERATOR Senator Obama.

WINNER Wolf, since John referred to me. I agree with him on the second point, which is we've got these savings and we're still going to have to do a little bit more, partly because you've got to invest up front in, for example, information technology so that rural hospitals that don't have computers are able to buy them. And they're going to need some help.

But on this issue of mandatory versus non-mandatory, (people are ?) not going around trying to avoid buying health care coverage. And in fact, if you look at auto insurance, in California there's mandatory auto insurance. Twenty-five percent of the folks don't have it. The reason is because they can't afford it.

So John and I, we're not that different in this sense; that I'm committed to starting the process. Everybody who wants it can buy it and it's affordable. If we have some gaps remaining, we will work on that. You take it from the opposite direction, but you're still going to have some folks who aren't insured under your plan, John, because some of them will simply not be able to afford to buy the coverage they're offered.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER But children -- children cannot make that decision.

WINNER Well, and that's why I've got mandatory --

LOSER The decision he's -- excuse me.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER The decision he's talking about people making cannot be made by children, and that's why you have to require that they be covered.

LOSER I reject this whole approach --

WINNER John, I've got mandatory insurance for children for exactly that reason.

LOSER Wolf? Just 30 seconds, Wolf.

MODERATOR Hold on one second. I promised Congressman Kucinich.

Go ahead.

LOSER I reject this whole approach. And the American people should know that with half the bankruptcies in the country connected to people not being able to pay their doctor bills or hospital bills, premiums, co-pays and deductibles going so far through the roof -- 46 million Americans, no health care; another 50 million underinsured, there is only one way to get health care coverage for all Americans, and that is to have a universal single-payer, not-for- profit healthcare system, Medicare for All. Wolf, I've written the bill -- it's H.R. 676 -- with John Conyers, supported by 14,000 physicians.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And you know what? What Senator Clinton, Senator Edwards, Senator Obama are talking about, they're talking about letting the insurance companies stay in charge. They're talking about continuing a for-profit health care system. (Applause.) And I think --

MODERATOR All right. Hold on. No applause.

LOSER -- we need a president who's ready to challenge that. And I'm ready to challenge the insurance companies.

MODERATOR All right. Let's go to the next question. Tom.

FAHEY Let's try this now. This is my voice.

Senator Clinton, you've said that it's time to allow gays and lesbians to serve openly in the U.S. military and end the "don't ask, don't tell" policy that was implemented when your husband was president. Was President Clinton's policy of "don't ask, don't tell" a mistake?

LOSER It was a transition policy, and it was an effort to try to deal with the reality that probably since the very beginning of our nation we've had gays serving in our military with distinction and honor on behalf of our country, as we do today. And yet I have watched how "don't ask, don't tell" has been implemented, and I've concluded that it is not the best way for us as a nation to proceed.

It has been in many instances implemented in a discriminatory manner. You know, after the first Gulf War, there was a big flood of discharges of gays and lesbians because they let them serve, and then after they finished the war, then they discharged them. In this particular time period, we've had Arabic linguists discharged under "don't ask, don't tell" when we are, unfortunately, so short of having people who speak the very language that our men and women in uniform have to understand in the streets of Baghdad.

So I believe we could change the policy to let gays and lesbians serve in the military and be covered by the Uniform Code of Military Justice so, just like those who are not gays and lesbians, if there were conduct problems, then the conduct problems would be looked at, but people would not be judged on who they are.

And I just want to end by saying Barry Goldwater once said you don't have to be straight to shoot straight, and I think he was right, and I believe we should open up our military. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. So, Senator Clinton, the question was, was your husband's decision to allow this "don't ask, don't tell" policy to go forward -- he was president of the United States, he could have changed it -- was it a mistake?

LOSER (Laughs.) No. It was a(n) important first step, Wolf. I mean, you know, there is a -- I want to go back to my friend Joe Biden, because he's been around longer than any of us have in the Congress.

LOSER (Off mike.)

LOSER And, you know, talking -- (laughter) -- he's a young man, he started young. But talking about this as though there is a reality out there that a president or a Congress can change with the snap with a finger does a grave disservice to the American people.

We have a political process. There's checks and balances, and Joe remembers very well, the Congress was adamantly opposed at the time to letting gays and lesbians serve openly. "Don't ask, don't tell" was the compromised policy.

MODERATOR All right. But you know, Senator Biden, there are still a lot of military commanders out there, including the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Peter Pace, who say keep the current policy. "Don't ask, don't tell" -- it would be demoralizing, it would be bad for military readiness to change that policy and let gays and lesbians serve openly in the U.S. military.

LOSER Peter Pace is flat wrong. I've been to Afghanistan, I've been to Iraq seven times, I've been in the Balkans, I've been in these foxholes with these kids, literally in bunkers with them. Let me tell you something, nobody asked anybody else whether they're gay in those holes -- those foxholes, number one.

Number two, our allies -- the British, the French, all our major allies -- gays openly serve. I don't know the last time an American soldier said to a backup from a Brit, "Hey, by the way, let me check. Are you gay? Are you straight?" This is ridiculous. And by the way, we got a war on a hands we're trying to end; in the meantime, we're breaking the military. Nine thousand of these people have been kicked out.

MODERATOR Senator --

LOSER This is not a rational policy.

MODERATOR Well, let me just do a show of hands. If you think it's time to get rid of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the U.S. military, raise your hands. (Applause.)

LOSER Should have been gotten rid of 20 years ago.

LOSER Can I say --

LOSER There's -- there's another dimension to this --

MODERATOR All of you agree on this.

But, Governor Richardson, go ahead.

LOSER I love all this parsing and senatorial courtesy and "on the one hand, on the other hand."

Here's what I would do. I would do what I did as governor of New Mexico. One, I would move in the Congress for a hate crimes law. I would have domestic partnerships. I would have civil unions. I would initiate laws that practice non-discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. I would get rid of "don't ask, don't tell." I voted against it as a congressman.

A president has to show leadership --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- and this country should not be asking a person who is giving up their life for this country in the military should not giving --

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER -- should not giving (sic) a lecture on sexual orientation.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, I want you to weigh in on a related question.

The governor of New Hampshire is here with us tonight. He just signed legislation into law in this state allowing civil unions. There are -- (applause, cheers). All right, let's try to keep the applause down.

The question is this Is it time to move beyond that and let gays and lesbians get married?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think what the governor did and what New Hampshire has done is a great example for the rest of the country, not only civil unions, but all the partnership benefits, including Senator Clinton talked about getting rid of this "don't ask, don't tell" policy.

I don't think the federal government has a role in telling either states or religious institutions, churches, what marriages they can bless and can't bless. I think the state of New Hampshire ought to be able to make that decision for itself, like very other state in the country. I think every church ought to be able to make that decision for itself. And I think it's very important that we stand up against intolerance and against discrimination.

But I want to add one thing on something that Governor Richardson said, because it's been a tone of everything that's been discussed here today. The place that I differ with Senator Biden, Senator Clinton, and I guess to some extent Senator Obama -- and I agree with Governor Richardson -- it is the job of the president of the United States not to legislate, but to lead.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And voters need to ask themselves who's most likely to end the war in Iraq, who's most likely to lead on health care --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- who's most likely to lead on immigration, which is what you just asked about.

MODERATOR All right. We got to move on to the next question.

Let me throw it back to Scott.

LOSER Senator Gravel, if you are elected president, how, if at all, would you use former President Bill Clinton in your administration? (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

LOSER How would I use him? I like Clinton as a roving ambassador around the world. He'd be good. He could take his wife with him, who will still be in the Senate. (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.)

LOSER And -- and -- but I'd be careful with the president, former president because I know he whimped out with respect to gays in the military. I can only wish that he had been like Harry Truman, who stood up to Omar Bradley when he integrated the services, which made possible for Colin Powell to now stare down the president of the United States when the president should have demanded immediate integration. That's what -- what can we do.

But under supervision, I think he'll do okay. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, if you were president of the United States, the question is, what would you do with former President Bill Clinton?

LOSER Well, the ideal job for President Clinton would be secretary-general of the United States, but that's probably not doable.

What I would do is, President Clinton gave me -- although, I don't think he's very happy with me now -- President Clinton gave me two great jobs. He gave me ambassador to the United Nations, secretary of Energy. I believe he is needed in the Middle East. This administration has not had a Middle East peace envoy as other bipartisan administrations have had. We have serious problems in the Middle East. Our great ally, Israel, which I think needs buttressing, right now is less safe than it was when President Bush came in. We need a constant Middle East peace process. President Clinton gave me two good jobs, I want to pay him back and make him Middle East peace envoy.

MODERATOR What about you, Senator Obama? Arguably, Bill Clinton might be the most popular Democrat out there among Democrats.

If you were elected president, what would you have him do?

WINNER Well, I think both answers reflect one of the former president's enormous strengths, and that was his capacity to build alliances and relationships around the world. And I have no doubt that Hillary played an enormous role in helping that happen.

But what we've seen over the last six years is the effort to replace bluster and belligerence and saber rattling for solid diplomacy and strategy and foresight. And one of the things that we're going to have to do is to return to that recognition that we can't simply lead with our military. The strength of our military has to be matched with the power of our diplomacy, the strength of our alliances. That's how we are going to deal with the crisis in the Middle East; that's how we're going to end a genocide in Darfur.

And I think that President Clinton's vision of our interdependence globally is something --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER Now, obviously Senator Clinton may have something to say about how I use Bill Clinton. (Laughter.) So in fairness, she should be able to respond.

MODERATOR Well, let her -- let her tell us, if you were president, Senator Clinton --

LOSER (Laughing.)

MODERATOR -- what would your husband do?

LOSER This is a fascinating question. They asked the Republicans, they ask the Democrats. And I think, from the perspective of what you've already heard, I believe in using former presidents. I think we should have everybody helping us to repair the damage of the last, by then, eight years.

And when I -- (applause) -- when I become president, Bill Clinton, my dear husband, will be one of the people who will be sent around the world as a roving ambassador to make it very clear to the rest of the world that we're back to a policy of reaching out and working and trying to make friends and allies and stopping the alienation of the rest of the world.

There's not a problem we face, from global terrorism to global warming or HIV-AIDS or bird flu or tuberculosis, where we don't need friends and allies.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER And he would be a tremendous help in our country's effort to redo that again.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Let's go back to Scott for another question.

LOSER Thanks, Wolf.

Senator Dodd, gas prices are at record-high levels. Granite Staters are frustrated. Americans are frustrated. What would you do to reduce gas prices?

LOSER Well, this is a major crisis issue, obviously. Energy-related problems, obviously, are problems with global warming; the dependency on the Middle East for so much of our energy supplies. It's a national security issue. It's a health care issue. The problems are profound here and require some very strong answers.

I also think this issue provides incredible opportunities for us to grapple with and deal with here, if we have the kind of strong leadership in the country. I believe we can make a difference here on reducing our dependency on those sources of energy while simultaneously rolling back the problems of global warming.

Today we have the solar -- polar caps, rather -- melting. We have greenhouse gases that are accumulating at record levels, way beyond expectations. We really have the dual responsibility here of reducing the polluting effects of depending upon fossil fuels and also allowing us to develop the alternative technologies that would allow us to move beyond this issue.

I've introduced a plan here that would require, by the year 2017, 50-miles-per-gallon standard for automobiles. I believe that can be done. We ought to do it immediately, in my view, and a carbon tax, in my view, so that you make these polluting dependencies, the polluting fuels more expensive and encourage then for the use of revenues collected to move aggressively on developing the alternative technologies of solar and wind and other sources of energy we could use.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. But the question is, what would you do right now to reduce the price of gasoline?

LOSER Well, what we've offered already, in fact, and that is, of course, we ought to be saying here that when the price of a barrel of oil gets beyond $40 a barrel, where there's plenty of profit here, that those dollars ought to be returned to the consumers in a rebate or plowed back into the research that would allow us to develop alternative technologies.

But the real way to get away from this here, our dependency on that kind of fuel is causing us serious problems across the board. So it isn't just a price-of-fuel issue here. It's also depending upon polluting technologies that are going to cost us so much.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel?

LOSER Yeah, well, I join him on the carbon tax. And, of course, that will raise the price of gasoline. Let's be candid about that.

There's nothing I would do as president to lower the price of gasoline right now. We Americans have to grow up. If we want to get off of the dependency in the Middle East, we have to own up to the problem. These things cost money. They're controlling our society.

And the sooner we stop fighting these wars -- here, stop and think. You only see $3. Just watch those wheels turn. There's another $4, which is what we spend to keep American troops around the world to keep the price.

So you're paying more than seven dollars a gallon; you just don't know it.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Oh, the first thing we got to do is find out what's happening with these oil and gas companies, because we know they're making record amounts of money, we know that the same people that are refining the oil are selling it at the gas pump, so there's a huge vertical integration in this operation. I think there ought to be an investigation of the oil and gas companies by the Justice Department. I think if the laws that presently exist don't deal with this problem in price manipulation, there should be some change in the antitrust laws. I think we need states to enforce clean air laws against these refineries. And then I guess last but not last in the short term -- Chris is exactly right about the things we need to be doing in the long term, but in the short term, can America finally stop spending $3 billion a year of taxpayers' money subsidizing oil and gas companies that already make billions of dollars? That's what we ought to be doing.

MODERATOR But, Governor Richardson, you're a former secretary of Energy. Are the oil companies, the big oil companies engaged in price gouging of the American consumer?

LOSER Well, I was Energy secretary; in my state, we call it the Clean Energy State. We have incentives for solar, wind, biomass, biofuels. We require renewable technologies -- 20 percent of our electricity.

Here's my answer. What would help in the short term -- give us, the states, the authority to engage in serious price-gouging investigation. It just doesn't happen. But this is not the answer.

MODERATOR But do you believe they are? Do you believe they are?

LOSER No, they're not. The answer is this We need an Apollo program -- Apollo -- led by a president asking every American to sacrifice, to conserve, that would reduce our dependence on foreign oil, which is 65 percent imported, to 10. I have the most aggressive plan, according to the League of Conservation Voters.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER It would go to 80 percent -- 80 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by the year 2040.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

LOSER But it takes an effort by every American.

MODERATOR All right, Governor. Hold on. I'm going to let Senator Biden weigh in as well. What would you do specifically? Senator Biden, give it to us briefly, to reduce -- if you want to reduce the price of gasoline in the United States.

LOSER Take away the subsidy, which I've introduced legislation to do. It's about $6 billion, 2.7 (billion dollars) directly, to the oil companies, number one.

Number two, investigate as the president of the United States. Use the Justice Department and go in and investigate this whole issue of price gouging.

Number three, though, we have to do what we all have said here, but first and foremost, significantly raise the mileage automobiles get and mandate it.

MODERATOR All right. I want everybody to stand by because we're only getting started. We're going to continue all of this, but we're ready to shift into part two of tonight's debate, where voters from New Hampshire here will start asking specific questions. We have some work to do on this stage. While we move in some of the chairs, move out the podiums, while we watch that unfold and you'll see it, viewers of WMUR are going to go back to their studios. The rest of you are going to go and see our colleagues Anderson Cooper and the best political team on television. They're going to give us a sense of this debate so far.

Our debate will resume here in about three minutes. We'll be right back.

(Break.)

MODERATOR We're back here at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire. We're now set for our voters to question the candidates. Our pool of voters here are either registered Democrats or independents likely to vote Democratic in the New Hampshire, first-in-the-nation primary. We brought them together with help from the New Hampshire Political Library and the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. CNN producers have interviewed all of them.

And working with me in this half of the debate is Jennifer Vaughn from our partner WMUR-TV. Jennifer has the first question.

JENNIFER VAUGHN (WMUR-TV) Wolf, thank you. Good evening, everybody.

Our first question from the audience tonight is from Jennie LeBranch. She's an elementary school teacher from Manchester, New Hampshire.

Jennie, you are also the wife of a soldier who is serving in Iraq.

Q That's correct.

MODERATOR And I understand that you have had a very difficult week, haven't you?

Q Yes. Unfortunately, we lost two soldiers in my husband's team to an IED explosion.

MODERATOR What's on tap next?

Q Well, we got to finish the mission. And we're all Army Strong, and we want to bring all our guys and gals home and continue with -- I guess every day --

MODERATOR Jennie, what's your question for the candidates tonight?

Q My question is, what is your vision on ending major military operations, and how do you plan on rebuilding the military after such many years of conflict?

MODERATOR All right, let me throw that question to Congressman Kucinich because he's been outspoken on a lot of these issues.

LOSER Thank you very much, Wolf.

First of all, thank you and your family for serving.

This country has to end its occupation of Iraq. And as I mentioned earlier, the Congress, the Democratic Congress, has a very serious responsibility in this regard.

We should simply not provide any bill at all. It's one thing to say you don't have the votes. It's another thing not to even offer a bill and tell the president he had some money now that's in the pipeline to bring the troops home.

And with respect to this war, this war has degraded our service ability. And we need to have, certainly, a strong Army, but I believe that peace is the way we reflect our strength. So I want to see an American military that will be a strong peacekeeping force, not one that is being misused, like the one in this administration, misused our military, and we need a commander in chief who wants to link peace with security and who wants to see America's role working with the world community in cooperation.

MODERATOR But her question was specifically, what would you do to rebuild the military, which seems to be pretty stretched right now? What -- do you have a plan?

LOSER Well, the first thing we need to do is cut -- first of all, there's a couple different dimensions to this. One is, we need to cut military spending overall by about 25 percent. There's a lot of waste here we're talking about. Money hasn't been focused on the troops per se. This $97 billion that went for this war? This isn't going to the troops. A small fraction goes to the troops. So we need to have a strong military. We need to encourage people to be serving in our country's military, but we've got to end the United States' commitment to war as an instrument of diplomacy.

MODERATOR All right. I'm going to bring everybody in, but Senator Obama, you want to increase the size of the U.S. military by almost 100,000 troops. That's going to cost billions and billions of dollars. What do you say to Congressman Kucinich, who says he wants to cut the size of the U.S. military?

WINNER Well, keep in mind that there is a difference between the Pentagon budget and the size of the military. So it may be that, for example, there are weapon systems that Dennis and I would agree are outmoded relics of the Cold War; but what I want to make certain of is, is that our troops are not going on these repeated tours, lengthy tours, that we are providing them with all the support they need when they're on the ground. And we can't do that currently.

We also need -- and I -- I want to make sure that this is emphasized -- that when they come home we are treating them with the dignity and honor that they deserve. And that's something, whether you were for the war or against the war, we can all agree to, and this administration has not done that because they tried to do it on the cheap. Folks who have Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, folks who have disability payments that are due are not getting the kinds of services they deserve. I have some specific plans to address that.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, are there relics of the Cold War, big tickets, military items, that you would cut?

LOSER Well, first of all, thank you for your service as well. And by the way, whatever other disagreements there are about policy, all of us here on this dais applaud immensely the work being done by our men and women in uniform. I think a round of applause for -- (interrupted by applause).

And that's the right issue, I think. We're not listening to our senior military people, by the way, who tried to engage in the transformation of our military needs here, recognizing that there are different threats we face today than we did during the Cold War. And clearly, there needs to be a reassessment of what those priorities are, what those systems are so that we're strong enough.

We all need to say this, by the way. I think it's very, very important. No one's going to be elected president or ought to be president that's not going to have as their primary priority keeping us safe and secure. That is the principal responsibility of an American president.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER But to do that, to do that, you've also got to make sure that we're going to be prepared to use that force not as the first arrow we draw out of the quiver, but rather utilizing the other resources we have as a nation to advance our interests. That has not happened here under this administration. We need to get back to that as a nation.

MODERATOR But is there a specific military program --

LOSER Yeah, absolutely. Clearly --

MODERATOR -- you would --

LOSER We've got systems here -- the F-22 we're looking at, for instance -- other things that ought to be reassessed in terms of whether or not they fit into 21st century military needs of our nation.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Jennifer, back to you.

MODERATOR Okay, Wolf, thank you very much.

Carol Kilminster is with us tonight. Carol, you live in Merrimack, New Hampshire, you're a social worker. Your son is serving in Iraq.

Q That's correct.

MODERATOR Can you tell us his name?

Q James.

MODERATOR What is your question for the candidates tonight?

KILMINSTER My question is, why is it that veterans cannot receive medical services at the hospital of their choice?

MODERATOR Senator Obama, let's have you answer this question. You serve on the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs.

WINNER Well, first of all, obviously we thank James for his service.

And I know that here in New Hampshire as I've been traveling around, there are some deficiencies in the VA. We don't have a full- service VA system here, so a lot of troops that have been injured are having to travel elsewhere, and that's something that I think we have to address.

There are important efficiencies that we can obtain by having a VA hospital system; for example, prescription drugs. We've talked about the price gouging that takes place in other systems -- in the private health care system. The VA actually has done a very good job at negotiating prescription drug prices so that they're lower for VA veterans who are going through their system than they are if they were going through another hospital system.

Of course, part of that has to do with the fact that with the Medicare prescription drug bill, for example, the Congress specifically exempted Medicare from being able to negotiate for the cheapest available price.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER And that was a profound mistake.

But just to -- just to make sure that you're clear, we have to have a VA that serves everybody and in some rural communities that don't have access to services that are -- the veterans don't have access to the services that are needed, we've got to make sure that they do have the option for a private hospital that is more -- that is closer by.

MODERATOR So -- so what you're saying is they should be allowed -- veterans -- not just to have to go to Veterans Affairs hospitals, but go to regular hospitals as well.

WINNER I think they should be able to go to -- they should be going to VA hospitals unless they have difficulty accessing and it places a hardship on the family -- then they should be exempted and be able to go to other hospitals.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Well, I disagree. Under my health care plan, if you have served this country -- enlisted, a veteran -- I would give you, under my health care plan -- your husband -- a hero's health card so that your husband could get health care anywhere they want, with any doctor, with any hospital.

Our system right now -- our VA system is good, but we have to offer our veterans that choice. Some have to go 150 miles, especially in rural areas.

I would also do something else in terms of veterans' health care. What we have in our VA system is cost-of-living increases for other benefits but not for VA health care, and today a lot of our vets coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan -- PTSD, mental health -- we cannot do enough to help them.

And it's critically important that we have a well-funded VA system.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER As president, I would make sure that the VA health system is funded and we say thanks to those that have served our country.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Gravel, you served in the military during the Korean War. Have you had any experiences with the Veterans Affairs Department as a veteran yourself?

LOSER Very much. I get my meds from the VA, so I know the situation quite well.

MODERATOR So you're satisfied or unsatisfied?

LOSER I'm satisfied, very much so, and I think they do a good job. But I think it's really somewhat appalling because the government has always, always waged war against the veterans. And I would suggest that Senator Obama, who's on the committee, did they do any -- any oversight work to find out, before they read in The Washington Post that there was a scandal up the street at Walter Reed?

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER I mean, what about that?

MODERATOR What about that --

LOSER Did they all get informed of that, or did you know it before?

WINNER The -- actually, we have done a lot of oversight trying to consistently force this administration to put money into the system that it has refused.

LOSER But did you know about it ahead of time?

WINNER Let -- let -- let -- let -- let me -- let me finish, Mike.

The first year that I was on the VA, myself, Senator Patty Murray, Senator Rockefeller and others tried to tell the administration you need an additional $2 billion in order to provide services to troops who are coming home. The administration said no, you don't need it -- we don't need it; everything's covered. Six months through, they had to come back and say, you know, what, it turns out we did need it after all. And part of the reason is because they have been trying to keep the costs down of this war and have not fully factored in the sacred obligation that I think we have to make sure that every single veteran has the services that they need.

MODERATOR But the question he asked specifically was, did you know about the problems at Walter Reed before you read about them in The Washington Post?

WINNER No, because -- we didn't. And I visited Walter Reed repeatedly. Typically what would happen is we would go to visit troops in the medical facility, and people will acknowledge that the medical facility at Walter Reed does great work. Unfortunately, what it turned out was the outpatient facilities were disastrous, and that's why we now have legislation moving forward to make sure not only that we're just painting over some of the mold that is in there, but we're also making it easier for families and veterans to negotiate the system once they're outpatients.

MODERATOR All right. Let's go back to Jennifer for another question.

MODERATOR Well, thank you. Paulie Kern (sp) is here with us tonight. Hi, Paulie (sp). You live in Hancock, New Hampshire. You are a retired legal secretary. You have a question about Iran tonight. You lived there in the late '60s.

PAULIE KERN Yes. That's particularly the reason why I have the question about Iran. I'd like to ask, how would you approach solving the problem we have with Iran today? Would you use force or would you use diplomacy? And if you use diplomacy, what would you do?

MODERATOR All right. Let's let Senator Clinton first respond to that.

LOSER Well, I am very concerned about Iran, and I believe that we should have been using diplomacy for a number of years now. I am I guess pleased that the administration is starting to talk to the Iranians, but it is way overdue. We have allowed the Iranians to begin their nuclear program, to imprison Iranian Americans as they are now, to send weapons across their borders to be used against our young men and women, and we need a process of engagement.

You know, the president's policy has been, we don't talk in this administration to people we don't agree with or that we think are bad. All during the Cold War, we always talked to the Soviet Union. They had missiles pointed at us. They had leaders who said they would bury us. They waged wars around the world. We never stopped talking.

In my administration, diplomacy -- patient, careful diplomacy, the kind of diplomacy that Bill Richardson did for my husband, that really gets people to stay with it over time.

Are you always going to get good results? No. But you've got to start the process. However, we still have to make it clear that Iran having a nuclear weapon is absolutely unacceptable.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER We have to try to prevent that at all costs. (Applause.) But we need to start with diplomacy in order to see what we can accomplish.

MODERATOR So what happens, Senator, if diplomacy, when all is said and done, fails?

LOSER Wolf, I'm not going to get into hypotheticals, because we've had an administration that doesn't believe in diplomacy. You know, they have every so often Condi Rice go around the world and show up somewhere and make a speech. And occasionally they even send Dick Cheney, and that's hardly diplomatic, in my view. (Laughter.) So from what I would say -- (applause) -- we won't know until we get a president who is committed to diplomacy and will do things like use the great diplomats that have come up through our country; use former presidents, use people like Bill Richardson. Only then will we be able to make a clear assessment.

I just hope we have enough time, because unfortunately, we have many months to go before this administration is done.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, how far would you go, if necessary, to stop Iran from building a nuclear bomb?

LOSER Well, let me -- can I be more specific. I think that beyond just talking about diplomacy, if you lived in Iran, you know that the Iranian people actually rallied for America on the streets of Tehran after September the 11th. And there's a long history of pro-American sentiment in Iran.

There is an extraordinary opportunity available to us on Iran, and there's a very clear path, from my perspective. They have a president who is politically unpopular. The people are in a different place. He hasn't done what he promised to do, Ahmadinejad, when he was elected president.

We don't have economic leverage over the Iranians, but the Europeans do, the European banking system does. We should put two options on the table. One, carrots; we'll make the nuclear fuel available to you, the international community, but we'll control it, you can't nuclearize -- you can't weaponize it. Second, we're going to put a clear set of economic incentives on the table.

And the Iranian people need to hear this.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER It needs to be not behind closed doors. Just 10 more seconds. And then the alternative, the stick, is if they don't do that, there are going to be serious economic sanctions.

We need to drive a wedge between the Iranian people and this radical leader.

MODERATOR But you're saying only economic sanctions, not a military threat that should be on the table. Is that what you're saying?

LOSER I think this is the clear path. I think no president, no responsible president, would ever take any option off the table.

MODERATOR What about that, Senator Biden? You're the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. If you got word from the U.S. intelligence community that Ahmadinejad and his government were on the verge of having a nuclear bomb capable of hitting targets in the region on missiles, what would you do?

LOSER Well, first of all, I would do away with the policy of regime change. What we're saying to everybody in Iran is, "Look, by the way, give up the one thing that keeps us from attacking you, and after that we're going to attack you. We're going to take you down." It's a bizarre notion, number one.

Number two, understand how weak Iran is. They are not a year away or two years away. They're a decade away from being able to weaponize exactly what the question was, if they put a nuclear weapon on top of a missile that can strike. They're far away from that.

Number three, in fact, we're going to -- we have to understand how weak that government is. They import almost all of their refined oil. By 2014, they're going to be importing their crude oil. There's much better ways, if we had to get to the point of being real sanctions, of doing economic sanctions on them forcefully that way. But at the end of the day, if they posed the missile, stuck it on a pad, I'd take it out.

MODERATOR All right, Senator, thank you for that.

Let's go back to Jennifer.

MODERATOR Okay, Wolf, thank you. Matthew Masur, how are you?

MATTHEW MASUR Hi. Fine, thank you.

MODERATOR You're a faculty here.

MASUR Yeah, I'm a professor of history.

MODERATOR And you live in Concord, New Hampshire?

MASUR I do.

MODERATOR What is your question tonight?

MASUR A number of the candidates have talked about alliance-building, and I wanted to ask about a specific country. The U.S. has had close relations with Pakistan as part of the war in Afghanistan and part of the war on terror. How do you reconcile our security interests with Pakistan with our interest in promoting liberal democracy if Pakistan is not a democratic country?

MODERATOR Let's throw that question to Senator Clinton.

LOSER Well, it's a really important question, because we have been supporting Pakistan through President Musharraf now for a number of years. And it is clear that he has not moved toward democracy but has solidified his rule and become quite antidemocratic with his removal of the chief justice and many of the other moves that he's taken.

At the same time, we depend upon him to try to control the tribal areas, out of which come the resurgent Taliban and al Qaeda fighters who cross the border into Afghanistan.

Again, this is an area where I think the United States needs to be just focused like the proverbial laser.

When I was in Pakistan and Afghanistan in January, I met with both President Karzai and President Musharraf, and I asked them if it would help to have a high-level presidential envoy working with both of them to try to figure out how we can move toward what our American interests and how we can keep Pakistan from undermining the war against the Taliban and al Qaeda.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And unfortunately, when I got back and I called the White House and I made this suggestion, it fell on deaf ears.

So there's a lot we need to do, and it's a very difficult, thorny problem how to address it.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, if you were president of the United States and the intelligence community said to you, "We know where Osama bin Laden is, he's in Pakistan. We've got a specific target, but he's only going to be there for 20 minutes. You got to give the order, yes or no, to take him out with a HELLFIRE missile, but it's going to kill some innocent civilians at the same time," what would be your decision?

LOSER I don't think that a president of the United States, who believes in peace and who wants to create peace in the world, is going to be using assassinations as a tool, because when you do that, it comes back at your country. And I think that Osama bin Laden, if he's still alive, ought to be held to account in an international court of law and so should any other person who's been involved in a violation of international law, which has been result -- which has resulted in the deaths of many people.

And so I think that an America which has a strong stand morally in the world is an America that shows a way to get to peace, and an America that stands for peace is a strong country.

So I would say, to answer that question, I don't believe in assassination politics, and when you do that, you inevitably bring the assassination of our own leaders into play.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you want to respond?

WINNER Well, I think Dennis is right, that -- I don't believe in assassinations, but Osama bin Laden has declared war on us, killed 3,000 people, and under existing law, including international law, when you've got a military target like bin Laden you take him out. And if you have 20 minutes, you do it swiftly and surely. And it's unfortunate that, I think, during the initial push into Afghanistan that we let him slip away because we were distracted.

One thing that I want to talk about with respect to both Pakistan and the various problems in the region, including in Iran, our presence in Iraq is weakening our capacity to deal with these issues and fanning anti-American sentiment in such a way that it makes it more difficult for Musharraf to work with us effectively.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER If people in Pakistan believe that the U.S. is an occupying force, it makes us more subject to the kinds of difficulties that we're seeing in Pakistan right now.

MODERATOR I just want everybody to raise their hand and tell me if you agree that if the U.S. had intelligence that could take out Osama bin Laden and kill him, even though some innocent civilians would die in the process, would you, as president, authorize such an operation? If you would raise your hand.

LOSER It would depend on how many innocent civilians --

LOSER Yeah, I mean part of this is one of these hypotheticals, Wolf --

LOSER Not enough information. Not enough information.

LOSER -- that is very difficult to answer in the abstract. You know, my husband actually tried to take out bin Laden. You know, he did fire missiles at a training camp that we had intelligence that that's where bin Laden was, because by that time, bin Laden had already bombed our embassies, bin Laden had already demonstrated his hostility towards the United States.

But you can't just -- you have to be very careful about how you proceed. So, you know, yes, if we could do it without a tremendous amount of collateral damage, I think maybe with one or two exceptions, we would give the order to do it --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- knowing what a weighty responsibility that is.

MODERATOR All right, we're going to go on to the next question from Jennifer.

But Senator Edwards, you really want to weigh in.

LOSER I just wanted to answer the original question that was asked, which was how do you reconcile Musharraf being in power with our ideas of a liberal democracy. And I think one of the things we have seen during the course of the Bush administration is America is not for any possible kind of democracy, we're for democracies that respect the rights of minorities, that actually respect civil rights and individual liberties.

And one danger that anyone has to recognize, with the possible taking down as Musharraf as the president of Pakistan -- and I met with him also in Islamabad a few years ago -- one of the things we have to recognize is if he goes out of power, given the power of radical Islam in Pakistan, there's absolutely no way to know what kind of government will take his place.

MODERATOR And Pakistan's a nuclear power also.

Jennifer, go ahead.

MODERATOR Jeff Turiel is here with us tonight. You are a psychologist at Nashua High School.

Would that be Nashua North?

Q Nashua North, that's correct.

MODERATOR What's your question tonight?

Q I would like to address the crisis in Darfur. At this time as many as 400,000 people have been killed, millions are -- more without food and shelter. If you were elected president, what role do you think the United States should play in addressing this terrible tragedy?

LOSER Wolf? Yeah, I just was there.

MODERATOR Go ahead, Senator.

LOSER You know, we have to stop talking about it. A lot of talk goes on about it. The United Nations has already said that they're prepared to put in a 21,000 force, including the African Union. In fact, you have in the capital of Sudan the government saying we're not going to allow that to happen. They have forfeited their sovereignty by engaging in genocide. We should impose a no-fly zone. If the U.N. will not move now, we should impose a no-fly zone, and we should commit 25,000 -- 2,500 NATO troops. You could take out the Janjawid tomorrow.

I went there, I sat in the borders, I went in those camps. They're going to have thousands and thousands and thousands of people die. We've go to stop talking and act. That's why last Monday I went to see the president of the United Nations at the General Assembly, as well as the secretary-general, to make that point.

MODERATOR All right. Raise your hand if you agree with Senator Biden that the United States should use military force to stop the genocide in Darfur.

LOSER Are we talking about a no-fly zone?

(Cross talk.) (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Hold on. Hold on!

WINNER (Inaudible) -- aren't going to work.

SEN.// Wolf, can I answer that?

SEN.// Wolf, I was there --

(Cross talk.)

SEN.// If this is about enforcing a no-fly zone, yes.

LOSER At the U.N.

LOSER Yeah, a no-fly zone, absolutely. Ask about a no- fly zone, and I think you'll get --

LOSER If you're talking about American troops --

LOSER I'm behind Joe's policy.

LOSER I'm talking about American troops.

LOSER Yeah, I don't agree with that.

MODERATOR We start with a no-fly zone, but very often, Senator Clinton, that could move on to other operations.

LOSER Well, but, Wolf, we're not going to engage in these hypotheticals. I mean, one of the jobs of a president is being very reasoned in approaching these issues, and I don't think it's useful to be talking in these kind of abstract, hypothetical terms.

LOSER Well, I was there. Well, I was --

LOSER And I think that -- (applause) --

LOSER Could I respond?

WINNER I don't want to raise hands anymore.

LOSER Could I respond?

LOSER (Laughs.)

LOSER I was there.

MODERATOR Governor, would you use force to save people in Darfur?

LOSER No. What I would do is -- and I was there. I got a very fragile cease-fire put together there three months ago, and we made things a little better. I went with the Save Darfur Coalition. This is what I would do.

Number one, more U.N. peacekeepers. The government is refusing to make this happen.

Secondly, economic sanctions. We've imposed them, but they're weak. We need European countries to make them happen.

Third, we need China -- to lean on China, which has enormous leverage over Darfur. And if the Chinese don't want to do this, we say to them, maybe we won't go to the Olympics.

And lastly, what we need is a country -- a foreign policy that cares about Africa, that cares that 300,000 human beings have died, have been massacred, that over 2 million have lost their homes. Gender-based violence, rape -- America should care about Africa, and we don't.

MODERATOR What about that idea --

LOSER In the meantime, (50,000 ?) are dead.

MODERATOR Hold on a second. What about that idea, Senator Dodd, about possibly boycotting the Beijing Summer Olympic Games if China doesn't use its influence to stop the genocide in Sudan?

LOSER I think that goes too far, Wolf. Here, look, we've -- this is a major issue. There are ways of dealing with this. We're not only going to elect a president in November of 2008; we're going to elect arguably the most important, if not the most important, leader in the world, and it's going to be critically important that we use the tools available to us to exercise the influence we'd like on China, on Russia and other nations to be more cooperative and participate in solving some of these problems here. That's going to require real leadership based on experience that knows how to bring people together, certainly reminding the Chinese to the importance of this issue, utilizing those tools that are available to us.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER But the idea that you'd go in and stop the Olympics from happening I don't think gets you there.

I think that it's more likely to delay the kind of influence and support China ought to be providing.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER Actually, I'd disagree with my friend Chris Dodd about that. I think that we should use whatever tools available to us.

But -- and I have to say Senator Biden, Governor Richardson, I applaud their being so vocal and out there on this issue. It's enormously important.

But I think all of us recognize that this is a piece of a bigger puzzle, which is America no longer has the moral authority to lead in the world. Watching a genocide continue has contributed to that, but it is not the only thing. The spread of HIV/AIDS. I think America ought to actually lead an effort to make primary school education available to 100 million children in the world who desperately need it, and including in Africa.

And you asked earlier about --

MODERATOR All right, we're going to go back -- we're going to back to Jennifer, but go ahead, Senator Obama, very quickly.

WINNER Two things. One, we are going to continue to see some of these problems in ungoverned spaces, and we've got a security interest and a humanitarian interest in dealing with this. And we've got to work internationally to figure out how we can get forces to stop genocides like this.

Second point. Our legitimacy is reduced when we've got a Guantanamo that is open, when we suspend habeas corpus. Those kinds of things erode our moral claims that we are acting on behalf of broader universal principles. And that's one of the reasons why those kinds of issues are so important.

MODERATOR All right. Let's go back to the -- Senator --

(Cross talk.)

LOSER (Wait a minute ?). If people are going to cancel the Olympics. If people are going to cancel the Olympics. That's not a bad question. You asked the question.

MODERATOR Well, if you agree --

LOSER I'd like to know what my colleagues would feel about it.

MODERATOR -- if you agree that the U.S. should consider boycotting --

WINNER You want us to raise our hands?

LOSER Yeah. I don't think you should. I think that's wrong.

MODERATOR He says -- Senator Dodd says he doesn't think that's a good idea. If you agree that it might be a good idea, raise your hand -- if necessary.

(Senator Edwards and Governor Richardson raise their hands.)

LOSER Wolf, the reason we have no moral authority is we're not acting. I heard the same argument with Milosevic. I went over there, found out there was genocide going on, I came to your husband, I said, "We must act!" Now, look, we acted. Not an American was killed. We saved hundreds of thousands of lives. By the time all these guys talk, 50,000 more people are going to be dead! They're going to be dead! And I tell you, I guarantee you, we have the capacity, by setting up a no-fly zone, to shut down the Janjawid.

WINNER All of us agree on the no-fly zone.

LOSER That's our moral authority, exercise it!

(Applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER We agree with that. Nobody disagrees with the no- fly zone. There is a problem --

MODERATOR I want to go back to Jennifer, but I have to ask Governor Richardson, you're a former ambassador at the United Nations. And what I hear you saying, what you're saying is that you would consider the United States boycotting the Summer Olympic Games in China unless China starts getting tough with the government in Sudan.

LOSER Yes, I would, because China purchases a lot of their oil -- most of it, a good part of it -- from Sudan. And my view is that they are a leverage point, and they have not been strong on the Sudan.

We don't need, Joe, with all due respect, another military involvement. Iraq is enough, and we must get out of Iraq. What we need to do is move forward with the toughest options. Am I for a no- fly zone? Yes. I think we need strong economic sanctions. And we lack the moral authority to build international coalitions to fight genocide in Darfur. We should shut down -- I would, first day as president, I would shut down Guantanamo. I would shut down Abu Ghraib and --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- and secret prisons. That is the moral authority that we don't have.

MODERATOR All right, we've got to leave it. Hold on one second. The audience is anxious for another question from out here.

Jennifer.

MODERATOR Tim O'Connor is anxious.

You're about to graduate from high school.

Q Yeah.

MODERATOR Are you eligible now to vote for the first time in the New Hampshire primary?

Q I am. I'm 18 now.

MODERATOR What's your question tonight?

Q Well, on a little bit of a lighter note, I spent last summer in Germany with a family whose oldest son was completing his one year of mandatory service to his country. I was wondering if you think we should have that, and if so, how do you plan to make it happen?

MODERATOR All right, Senator Gravel, let me ask you that question.

LOSER And obviously, I filibustered and forced the end of the draft. I don't think we need it back. If you want to volunteer for the military, you're entitled to do it.

I would like to see a voluntary program where young people would have an opportunity to render public service, whether it's in the military, whether it's the Peace Corps, whether it's the AmeriCorps -- all of the above. And then for every year that you serve, we'll give you four years of school free. (Applause.) That would give you an incentive to move forward and do something about education in this country.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, should there be mandatory service for young people after they finish high school?

LOSER I would take the approach that John F. Kennedy took when he said, "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country," and inspire young people to want to serve; want to serve not only in the military, which is honorable service, but also to serve in helping to clean up our environment; also to serve in tutoring children and helping the elderly and working hospitals.

There are so many different ways that we can encourage youth to serve. To make it mandatory loses the point. People want to love America again, and when you have a president who will inspire the young people, they'll want to get involved.

MODERATOR Is it time, Senator Dodd, as Senator Charlie Rangel recommends, to bring back the military draft?

LOSER I don't think so, Wolf, at all.

I served as a Peace Corps volunteer back in the 1960s when an American -- I've been asked a million times, why did I join the Peace Corps? And I did so because an American president asked me to. He asked a generation of us to be a part of something larger than ourselves. Some went off to join VISTA; some got out in the civil rights movement; others went in the military; others went to the Justice Department. It was a very exciting time to be alive.

But today, in the world we're living in today, I don't think we need to go to a draft at all. We don't need the numbers of people in the service. But I like the idea -- we tried it with AmeriCorps and other things -- to provide the kind of financial relief.

This young man is finishing high school. He -- assume you're going to go on to higher education -- I hope you are. Looking at the staggering costs, the rip-offs that are occurring -- with people manipulating through deceit and fraud -- the student loan programs, I'd like to see us offer some real opportunities for you financially to give something back to your country.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER In return, we make it possible for you to get that higher education without incurring a lifetime of debt. That would be a valuable way of doing things, in my opinion. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Jennifer, go ahead with the next question.

MODERATOR Brian Sealander is with us tonight.

Brian, you live in Bedford and you're self-employed.

AUDIENCE Yes.

MODERATOR What is your question?

AUDIENCE Well, good evening, everyone.

My wife and I have two daughters -- middle school age. And we do reasonably well financially, but the vast majority of our spare income goes toward funding our retirement, putting aside money for their college education. And we don't have tax shelters. We hear an awful lot about new spending -- all wonderful-sounding programs -- with the answer for funding being elimination of tax cuts that were geared toward the rich. And I was wondering what the definition of "rich" is on the part of the candidates, with using perhaps an income level.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, what is a definition of "rich"?

WINNER Well, the definition that I'm using with respect to paying for my health care plan is those making over $250,000 a year. Keep in mind that all we're talking about is going back to the tax levels -- the marginal tax rates that existed when Bill Clinton was in office. So we're not talking about going back to huge marginal rates.

But you tell a larger story that I hear as I travel all across the country, and that is that folks are feeling hit from all sides. They're trying to save for the next generation's education.

They're trying to save for their own retirement. In some cases, they're looking after an aging parent. Gas prices are hitting them. And one of the things that we've seen in our economy is that the burdens and benefits of this new global economy are not being spread evenly across the board, and that's why as the next president one of my first priorities is to make sure that we institute some fairness in the system We institute in our tax code --

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER -- we institute it with respect to making sure that Social Security is preserved, we institute it in giving working people an opportunity to save where they don't have it right now, and we make sure that -- as Chris said; and I think Chris made an excellent point -- that college education is simply too expensive at this point.

MODERATOR So give us a number, Senator Obama. At what number would you tell us that there's lower taxes or what number people can afford higher taxes?

WINNER I'm sorry, I don't understand the question.

MODERATOR It's income. Income -- $200,000 a year, $150,000?

WINNER Well, as I said before, I would roll back the Bush tax cuts for those making over $250,000. In some cases, I'd like to see lower taxes. But when I was in the state legislature, one of the things that I introduced was a state-earned income tax credit that provided millions of dollars of tax breaks to folks who can least afford it. And keep in mind, my starting point is not how do I tax people; my starting point is Are we spending the money that we have wisely and which we're not always doing.

And if you're progressive, you should be just as concerned by this huge spike in earmarks that have been taking place under the Bush administration as any so-called fiscal conservative is.

MODERATOR What's a rich person, Senator Edwards?

LOSER Well, I don't know if I know what a rich person is, but what I'd do for my health care plan is roll back the tax cuts for people who make over $200,000 a year, so $200,000 is a big value.

But I want to go to a piece of this question that you asked, which is, you talked about saving for your kids to be able to go to college, and we really haven't talked about that tonight.

Just a quick idea College for everyone. It's something we've actually -- Elizabeth and I put in place in eastern North Carolina, in a small community in eastern North Carolina. And the idea is really simple. The idea is, if a kid graduates from high school, qualified to be in college, and they commit to work when they're there at least 10 hours a week, their tuition and books are paid for. And the idea is, we want to make it simple for kids to go to college. They have to work for it. We don't just give it to them.

And then, on top of that, so many young people are faced with this crushing burden of debt when they graduate from college. I think it's something we shouldn't just be doing. We've done this privately in this small area of eastern North Carolina.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER But it's something we ought to be doing all across this country -- college for everyone.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Jennifer, go ahead.

MODERATOR This is Gregory Camann. And Gregory, you live in Bedford and you used to own a hair salon. I'm going to reach around you and have you ask your question.

CAMANN Our country is now running huge federal deficits again. I'm wondering, one, do the candidates have a problem with that? And if they do, what policies would they pursue, if they became president, to alleviate that problem?

LOSER I'm saying that we should not be borrowing money from China to run a war in Iraq. We need to change our spending policies in many ways.

First of all, stop war. Most of the people on this stage voted consistently to fund a war we should have never gotten in the first place.

Change our trade laws. We need to get out of NAFTA and the WTO and go back to bilateral trade -- (applause) -- conditioned on workers' rights, human rights, and the environment, and stop driving an $800 billion trade deficit.

We need to have health care for all, all Americans in a not-for- profit health care system. That's going to help the gentleman with his beauty salon and the small business, when you have a chance to health care at a fraction of what you're paying now and everything's covered.

And then, finally, environment. I say we can create millions of news jobs with a new WGA inspiring technologies for wind and solar and insulation on a domestic basis. We can create new wealth. I want to create new wealth and I want to stop wasting the money where we're wasting it --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- or losing the wealth in our trade policies.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Jennifer, you have an e-mail question.

MODERATOR Yes, well, if I may. This e-mail question is from our WMUR Gather.com blogger. The question is Democrats have vowed to weed out corruption in the federal government. A major source of corruption for both Democrats and Republicans are bribes in spending bills sometimes referred to as "earmarks." Would you vow, if elected president, to veto all bills containing earmarks?

And, Wolf, of course earmarks, the pork spending that sometimes gets added to legislation without anybody really knowing about it.

MODERATOR Well, let's ask Senator Dodd.

What about that, would you agree to give up earmarks for Connecticut, if you had your way? (Laughter.)

LOSER Thanks, Wolf, for the question --

WINNER Be careful! Be careful! (Laughs.) (Laughter.)

LOSER Well listen, first of all, as president here, we ought to be discouraging that behavior because it is a problem.

Clearly the budget is getting out of control as a result of those practices. But I wouldn't want to have a blanket approach to that. There may be some critical issues that occur, events like Katrina and other events where the Congress needs to respond, you haven't gone through the process before -- I wouldn't want to put us in that kind of a rigid straitjacket. But clearly, when you're going beyond that, we need to have more discipline in the process.

I've been a longtime supporter, offered the first -- one of the first pay-as-you-go budgets back some 23 years ago in the United States Senate. The question that came up earlier about specific policies and ideas -- I think with rare exceptions, you ought to be able to have accounting for either the tax cut or the spending program and pay for them. We've gone on too long allowing for these things to build and grow, and the deficits are a problem. Dennis is right -- $2.2 trillion of public debt being held outside the country -- the good news is the Chinese are buying it; the bad news is the Chinese are buying it, because it puts us at a very disadvantageous position when it comes to arguing against currency manipulation.

So getting better control of our fiscal policies --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- our fiscal policies ought to reflect our moral values. Our fiscal policies ought to be fair, they ought to be practical, they ought to be pro-growth and they ought to be responsible.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel --

LOSER That's not happening when you have earmarks year in and year out and not having the kind of influence that would eliminate them except in those rare circumstances where you may need to have them.

MODERATOR -- is it time to do away with these earmarks?

LOSER Totally. Totally. It's abominable. And the only way you're going to get rid of it is to give the president the line- item veto, and of course they're not going to give the president the line-item veto. What we need to do is change the entire tax structure.

I want to point out that the comptroller general of the United States invited all the presidential candidates to come in for a briefing. I went in for a briefing. He said there was only two other people that came in for a briefing. What the briefing -- he told us is that we have a fiscal gap on the order of $50 trillion. And you're hearing all this money's going to be spent to do all these great things? My God, don't believe a word of it. Follow the money.

LOSER Wolf.

LOSER You can't get all this money coming at you, millions of dollars from all the special interests, and think that they're now going to deal with solving the problems with special interests. Won't happen.

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Clinton?

LOSER Well, I think it's important to remember that six years ago we had a balanced budget and a surplus, and we did that -- (applause) -- the old-fashioned way, by cutting spending and raising revenues. There is no free lunch. We're going to have to do that hard work again.

Now, my point is, when it comes to the tax questions that were asked, the benefits from the Bush tax cuts have gone disproportionately to a very small percentage of Americans. And 10 percent of Americans have realized about 50 percent of the increase in wealth that has happened in this country in the last six years. We need to deal with the burden on the middle class. The Alternative Minimum Tax has to be reformed, hopefully eventually eliminated. But I think it's important to point out that we have done this before, not in ancient history, but within our memory, and we can do it again once we have a Democratic president.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

We're going to go back to Jennifer in a second, but I know Congressman Kucinich wants to weigh in.

LOSER Listen. They've been raiding the Social Security trust funds of $200 million a year, and they're all involved in this. Now, what do they say about it? You balance the budget by raiding the Social Security fund of $200 million a year? And they're doing it now!

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, you want to respond to that?

LOSER I do, because we're looking at a process here in Washington that most of the American public isn't aware of. And that is, these interest groups have such a hold on our country that right now they're headed to grab the oil of Iraq using our troops. Right now they're keeping a not-for-profit health-care system in its place. Right now they're keeping NAFTA in its place. I'm talking about a real change here that gives the American people a chance to recover their country totally and by moving away from the interest groups --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- that, unfortunately, support some of my dear friends here.

MODERATOR Senator Biden.

LOSER Ten seconds. If you want to do away with the interest groups, go to public financing of elections. Let's cut through all this malarkey. (Applause.)

That is the bottom line. As long as there are massive contributions pouring into the system, you're going to get these earmarks in the middle of the night that have nothing to do with the people's interest. So you want to do this? Reform the system. (Scattered applause.) Make a public financing system. That will change the earmarks.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Let's go back to Jennifer.

MODERATOR Okay, Wolf.

We have Ivy Merrill with us tonight. Ivy, how are you?

IVY MERRILL I'm well. How are you?

MODERATOR You are a substitute elementary school teacher.

MERRILL I am.

MODERATOR What's your question tonight?

MERRILL Well, thank you for being here.

Given that the circumstances in this country and in our world were essentially the same when you take office, what would be your top priority for your first hundred days?

MODERATOR Senator Edwards?

LOSER To travel the world, reestablish America's -- reestablish -- I think my mike just came on -- reestablish America's moral authority in the world, which I think is absolutely crucial. The other things become less important and subservient.

We have huge issues here at home. We've talked about some of them tonight energy; global warming; what we do about the issue of health care in America; the poor, which we haven't talked about, unfortunately. But the single greatest responsibility of the next president is to travel the world, speak to the world about what real American values are -- equality, diversity. And to lead an effort by America to reestablish our alliances around the world, which is going to require time and focus. And then, third, to lead in taking action that demonstrates that America is strong, but that America is also moral and just, and we're going to help other people in the world and we're going to demonstrate our commitment to humanity. All those things --

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER -- are crucial to reestablishing our moral authority to lead.

MODERATOR I want to go very quickly to everyone. What would be, Senator Clinton, your top priority in the first 100 days?

LOSER Well, if President Bush has not ended the war in Iraq, to bring our troops home.

That would be the very first thing that I would do. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right.

Senator Obama?

WINNER That would be the number one priority, assuming nothing has changed.

The second priority is getting moving on health care because that's something that we can get done, I think, very quickly.

MODERATOR All right.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER Nobody's talked about your profession, education. I would upgrade our schools. I would have pre-school for every American, full-day kindergarten. I would pay our teachers what they deserve. I'd have a minimum wage for our teachers, $40,000. I did that in New Mexico; we went from 49th to 29th. I would bring science and math academies to get America more competitive. I would emphasize the arts. I would emphasize civics, again, science and math.

MODERATOR Education.

LOSER I would have universal education --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- available for every American.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Biden, your top priority in the first hundred days.

LOSER I would end the war in Iraq and immediately move to diffuse the possible war in Iran and immediately diffuse the -- what's going on in the Korean peninsula. Those are the three most important things that the president has to deal with. And by the way, when power is handed from this president to the next, the next president is going to be left with no margin for error. They better be smarter than their advisers.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, what would be your top priority?

LOSER Keep in mind, we could stop that war in Iraq now by not providing any funding.

But what I intend to do is to be a president who helps to reshape the world for peace, to work with all the leaders of the world in getting rid of nuclear weapons, rejecting policies that create war as an instrument of the diplomacy; making sure that we cause the nations of the world to come together for fair trade, cancel NAFTA, cancel the WTO, go back to bilateral trade conditioned on workers' rights, human rights; create a not-for-profit health care system. I'd send the bill to Congress.

MODERATOR Very quickly, Senator Gravel and then Senator Dodd. But very quickly, your top priority?

LOSER Top priority is to turn to these people and say they're part of the leadership right now in the Congress. They could end the war if they want to --

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER -- all they got to do is show the leadership and that will qualify them to be president.

MODERATOR All right. Senator Dodd, very quickly. You've got five seconds.

LOSER Well, I'd try to restore the constitutional rights in our country. (Applause.) This administration has done great damage to them. I would do that on the first day. I wouldn't wait a hundred days on those issues.

MODERATOR We got to leave it right there. This brings -- got to leave it right there. This brings to an end our debate.

Be sure to join us Tuesday, right here on this same stage, for a debate involving the Republican candidates for president of the United States.

Our next Democratic debate, by the way, will be a revolutionary approach to campaign debates. It will be held on July 23rd from Charleston, South Carolina, in partnership with YouTube and Google. You're going to want to see that debate as well.

Thanks very much once again to Saint Anselm College here in Manchester; to our partners, WMUR and the New Hampshire Union Leader.

Moderators
BrianMODERATOR, NBC News
David Stanton, WIS News

Candidates
Sen. Christopher J. Dodd, D-Conn. 
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y. 
Former Sen. John Edwards, D-N.C. 
Gov. Bill Richardson, D-N.M.
Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr., D-Del. 
Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich, D-Ohio 
Former Sen. Mike Gravel, D-Alaska 
Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill.

BrianMODERATOR Let's now begin the questioning.

Senator Clinton, your party's leader in the United States Senate, Harry Reid, recently said the war in Iraq is lost. A letter to today's USA Today calls his comments "treasonous" and says if General Patton were alive today, Patton would "wipe his boots" with Senator Reid.

Do you agree with the position of your leader in the Senate?

Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton Well, Brian, at the outset, let me say that the American people have spoken. The Congress has voted, as of today, to end this war. And now we can only hope that the president will listen.

I'm very proud of the Congress under the leadership of Speaker Pelosi and Leader Reid for putting together a piece of legislation which says we will fund our troops and protect them, we will limit the number of days that they can be deployed, and we will start to bring them home.

And I think that is exactly what the American people want. This is not America's war to win or lose. We have given the Iraqi people the chance to have freedom, to have their own country. It is up to them to decide whether or not they're going to take that chance.

And it is past time for them to demonstrate that they are willing to make the sacrifice, the compromise that is necessary to put together a unified government and provide security and stability without our young men and women in the middle of their sectarian civil war.

MODERATOR Senator, time. Thank you very much.

Senator Biden, same question to you, which is Do you agree with Senator Reid that the war is lost?

Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. Look, Brian, this is not a game show. You know, this is not a football game. This is not win or lose. The fact of the matter is that the president has a fundamentally flawed policy. It's based upon the notion of being able to set a strong, central government in Baghdad that will be democratic.

And the real question is Are we going to be able to leave Iraq, get our troops out, and leave behind something other than chaos?

In order to do that, the president should start off by not vetoing the language which we just -- he says he's going to veto, we just passed today saying, "Begin to drawdown American troops right now and move toward a political solution."

Look, there's only one way. You've got to change the fundamental premise of this engagement, and that is, you've got to decentralize Iraq, you've got to give the regions control over their own destiny, get them control over their police forces, their own identity, and have a limited central government and share their oil wealth (ph). The president better get on the game plan here, or he is just going to drag this out to the point where it's not recognizable.

MODERATOR Senator Obama, you have called this war in Iraq, quote, "dumb," close quote. How do you square that position with those who have sacrificed so much? And why have you voted for appropriations for it in the past?

Sen. Barack Obama Well, Brian, I am proud that I opposed this war from the start, because I thought that it would lead to the disastrous conditions that we've seen on the ground in Iraq.

What I've also said is if we're going to send hundreds of thousands of our young men and women there, then they have to have the night-vision goggles, the Humvees that are reinforced, and the other equipment that they need to make sure that they come home safely.

But the American people have said, Republicans and Democrats, that it's time to end this war.

I was in New Hampshire, talking to a woman at a townhall meeting. She started crying, standing up, saying, "I can't breathe. My nephew's been sent to Iraq."

And, when I listen to mothers and father all across the country, they are telling me it's time for us to come home.

I'm proud of the fact that I put forward a plan in January that mirrors what Congress ultimately adopted.

And it says there's no military solution to this. We've got to have a political solution, begin a phased withdrawal, and make certain that we've got benchmarks in place so that the Iraqi people can make a determination about how they want to move forward.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, you made a high-profile apology for your vote in favor of the Iraq war resolution. You have said, quote, "We need a leader who will be open and honest, who will tell the truth when they made a mistake."

Was that not a direct shot at your opponent, Senator Clinton?

Former Sen. John Edwards No, I think that's a question for the conscience of anybody who voted for this war. I mean, Senator Clinton and anyone else who voted for this war has to search themselves and decide whether they believe they've voted the right way. If so, they can support their vote.

If they believe they didn't, I think it's important to be straightforward and honest, because I think one of the things we desperately need in our next president is someone who can restore the trust bond between the American people and the president of the United States. Because I think that trust has been devastated over the last six years.

And I think, beyond that, it's important for the president of the United States to restore trust between the president and the rest of the world. It is impossible for the United States of America to provide the stabilization and the leadership in the world that the world desperately needs from us unless, first, the American people trust their president, believe he's an open, honest, decent human being, and the rest of the world has faith in the president of the United States.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, I owe you a response probably in terms of your vote.

Clinton Well, Brian, I take responsibility for my vote. Obviously, I did as good a job I could at the time. It was a sincere vote based on the information available to me.

And I've said many times that, if I knew then what I now know, I would not have voted that way.

But I think that the real question before us Is what do we do now? How do we try to persuade or require this president to change course?

He is stubbornly refusing to listen to the will of the American people. He threatens to veto the legislation we've passed, which has been something that all of us have been advocating for a number of years now.

And I can only hope that he will not veto it. And I can only end by saying that if this president does not get us out of Iraq, when I am president, I will.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Congressman Kucinich, do you think one can be against the war and yet still fund it?

Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich No. I think it's inconsistent to tell the American people that you oppose the war and, yet, you continue to vote to fund the war. Because every time you vote to fund the war, you're reauthorizing the war all over again.

As a matter of fact, my good friends here from the Senate just came back from Washington, D.C., where they voted to continue funding the war. The Democrats have the power to end the war right now, and that's what we should do.

They were under no obligation to give George Bush any money at all. The money's in the pipeline to bring the troops home. And that's exactly what ought to be done, at this moment.

I have a plan, H.R. 1234, a plan to end the war in Iraq, which calls on the international community to provide peacekeepers and security forces that will move in as our troops leave. But we can't do that until we determine we're going to end the occupation. And we will do that when we stop the funding.

Furthermore, I don't think that it's sufficient to say that if we had the information at the beginning that we would have voted differently.

That information was available to everyone. And, if you made the wrong choice, we're auditioning here for president of the United States. People have to see who had the judgment and the wisdom not to go to war in the first place, and I made the choice not to go to war.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, if you were representing New Mexico in Congress, despite your opposition to the war, do you think you would vote to fund the troops?

Gov. BillLOSER No. Let me be very clear about my position. This war is a disaster. We must end this war.

This is what I would do if were president today. I would withdraw all of our troops, including residual troops, by the end of this calendar year.

I would use the leverage of that withdrawal, coupled with intensive diplomacy in three areas.

One, a political framework led by the United States where the three religious entities in Iraq have a coalition government, divide oil revenues and possible set up three separate entities.

Number two, I would convene a security conference, and I would invite Iran and Syria.

They're going to be tough, and we should be tough with them. But we have to have an international peacekeeping effort.

And, thirdly, I would have a donor conference. I would have other countries take over the reconstruction responsibility and the security of Iraq.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

Senator Dodd, as I understand it, you've cosponsored something called Feingold-Reid, which would, in effect, cut off the funding spigot by about a year from now...

Sen. Christopher J. Dodd That's correct.

MODERATOR ... and draw the troops out.

Is that possible, the notion of no more troops in Iraq?

Dodd I believe it is, Brian.

I don't think the stakes have ever been higher for us as a country. We're more vulnerable today. We're far less secure. We're more isolated in the world as a result of this policy. This is a failed policy.

Our troops have been heroic. And certainly we'd all make sure that whatever they needed they would get.

But we need to understand that we've got to move beyond this policy. We need bolder, experienced leadership that will take us in a different direction than where we're clearly, clearly headed.

I'm proud to support the Feingold-Reid legislation, which does exactly as you've described it. It would impart an end date, begin immediately -- an end date at the end of next March.

It's very important that the Iraqi people -- we're spending $2 billion a week, $8 billion a month, over $400 billion over more than four years. They now have to assume the responsibility of their own future.

We've given them that opportunity.

Three hundred thousand troops are in uniform in Iraq today. They need to take on the responsibility of deciding whether or not they want to come together as a people.

I then believe, also, that we need to engage in the robust diplomacy that we haven't been engaged in. This administration treats diplomacy as if it were a gift to our opponents; a sign of weakness, not a sign of strength.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Gravel, for those who may not be familiar with your past, two-term U.S. Senate from Alaska. You played a role in the fight to cut off money for the Vietnam War.

What would be your advice, Senator, for the elected officials on this stage who are at a conflict, opposed to the conflict, but also feel the need to keep on funding the conflict?

Former Sen. MikeLOSER Well, first off, understand that this war was lost the day that George Bush invaded Iraq on a fraudulent basis. Understand that. Now with respect to what's going on in the Congress, I'm really embarrassed.

So we passed -- and the media's in a frenzy right today with what has been passed. What has been passed? George Bush communicated over a year ago that he would not get out of Iraq until he left office. Do we not believe him?

We need to find another way. I really would like to sit down with Pelosi and with Reid, and I would hope the other senators would focus on, how do you get out? You pass the law, not a resolution, a law making it a felony to stay there. And I'll give you the text of it.

And if you're worried about filibuster, here's what you do tactically. They can pass it in the House. We've got the votes there.

We've got the votes there.

In the Senate, let them filibuster it. And let Reid call up every -- at 1200 every day to have a cloture vote. And let the American people see clearly who's keeping the war going and who's not.

And that's just the beginning of the tactic, if they're tough enough to do it.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, thank you.

And to close out our section of questions on the topic of Iraq, to my colleague with more questions.

David Stanton

Thanks. This is for Senator Obama.

Senator, Marsha from here in Orangeburg in South Carolina says, "As a spouse of a 19-year active duty professional soldier, who has served in Iraq and worldwide in numerous deployments, what would you consider to be a "mission complete" status in Iraq?

Obama Well, first of all, I want to thank Marsha's husband for his service.

And one of the enormous difficulties of this war has been the strain it's placed on our men and women in uniform. We have seen our Army and our Reserves and our National Guard all being stretched to a breaking point.

And that's one of the reasons why I proposed that we're going to have to increase the size of our ground forces, so we can stop the sort of rotations that we've been placing them on, which have been putting enormous strain not only on the soldiers themselves, but also their families.

But, look, we are one vote away -- we are one signature away or 16 votes away from ending this war. One signature away.

Now, if the president is not going to sign the bill that has been sent to him, then what we have to do is gather up 16 votes in order to override his veto.

And I think that the men and women in uniform have performed valiantly in terms of overthrowing Saddam Hussein and giving the Iraqi people an opportunity to bring their country together.

MODERATOR Time.

Obama But what we can't do is expect that we can continue to impose a military solution on what is essentially a political problem, and that's what we have to organize around.

MODERATOR Senator Clinton, 30-second rebuttal.

Clinton Well, I think that what Barack said is right. I mean, part of our challenge is to put together the political support throughout the country, particularly within the Republican Party to join with us to bring an end to this war. You know, it sounds simple to say it, but it is more difficult to achieve it.

And the problem is that the president seems determined not to change course, despite the fact that we are not gaining ground.

We are in the middle of a multi-sided, sectarian civil war. And we are doing everything we can to begin to move us out. And we need Republican support to finish the job.

MODERATOR We enter now the second phase of tonight's conversation. The in-house title for these questions was "Elephants in the Room," according to our political staff -- what may be uncomfortable questions about issues or beliefs attached, for whatever reason, to all of you -- perception issues, for lack of a better word.

Senator Obama, you go first.

You've promised in your campaign a new kind of politics, but just this week the Chicago Sun-Times reported on questionable ties you have with a donor who was charged last year for demanding kickbacks on Illinois business deals.

Aren't you practicing the very same kind of politics that many of the others on this stage have engaged in?

Obama Well, not all, we have thousands of donors. This donor engaged in some ethical (sic) behavior and I have denounced it.

But I have a track record of bringing people around this new kind of politics, since I was in the state legislature.

The first bill I ever passed was campaign finance reform legislation -- the first in a generation in Illinois.

Here, in the United States Senate we were able to work to strengthen the lobbying ethics reform bill, despite the resistance of some of my colleagues in both parties.

And, in terms of how we've been running this campaign, we have seen that I have not taken money from federal registered lobbyists. We are not taking money from PACs.

What we are doing is organizing ordinary people to do extraordinary things all across the country. And that's what its going to require in order to change politics in this country.

We know what the challenges are, and we've got good plans and ideas on health care and education and energy. What's been lacking is the political will to get it done, and that's the kind of movement that I intend to build during the course of this campaign.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. Senator Edwards, you've spoken with great passion and energy and eloquence about the issue of poverty in the United States, your "two Americas" theme.

And yet I want to read you a quote from the political journalist Roger Simon "Many people miss the point about the haircuts. The point is not the cost. John Edwards is a very rich man and could afford even a $4,000 haircut. But why did he pay for his haircuts out of campaign funds?"

Senator?

Edwards Well, that was a mistake, which we've remedied. It was simply a mistake. But if the question is, Brian, whether I live a privileged and blessed lifestyle now, the answer to that's yes.

A lot of us do. But it's not where I come from. And I've not forgotten where I come from.

Many people in the audience and the viewing audience know that my dad worked in textile mills all his life, and I can remember vividly -- my dad is here tonight. I was born here in South Carolina. I can remember vividly my dad after church once Sunday, when I was about 10 years old, taking us -- it's our whole family -- into a restaurant. I was dressed up.

I was very proud to be there, and we sat, got our menus, looked at the menus, and the waitress came over and my father said, "I'm sorry, we have to leave." I didn't understand. "Why? Why do we have to leave?" And I was embarrassed. I found out when we got outside the reason we had to leave is he couldn't pay the prices that were on the menu.

The reason I'm running for president of the United States is so that everybody in this country can have the same kind of chances I've had.

MODERATOR And, Senator, I have a follow-up for you. On modern day America, you've been of counsel to hedge funds.

Do hedge funds make America any better in any way?

Edwards Well, I think what -- first of all, I think the financial markets are an important component of trying to figure out what it is we need to do about the fact that we have 47 million people without health care, 37 million people who wake up in poverty every day.

They play an enormous role in how money moves in this country. And I happen to believe that we have a responsibility to the people in this country who wake up every day worried about feeding and clothing their children.

And I think those people in New York who work in financial markets understand -- in some ways, at least -- what can be done and can play a significant role in trying to lift people up who are struggling.

I am proud of what I've been doing for the last few years. You know, I've been all over the country, organizing workers into unions and raising the minimum wage, and also working at a poverty center at the University of North Carolina.

MODERATOR I'm afraid time is up.

Senator Clinton, you represent the state of New York -- just mentioned. How is America a better place because of all these burgeoning hedge funds?

Clinton Well, I think that America is a great place because we have an entrepreneurial economy. We have people who are willing to make stakes and new enterprises and invest their money.

And, obviously, one of the other reasons we're a great country is because we've learned over the years how to regulate that, so nobody gets an unfair advantage -- and that we, you know, have a framework within which our free market system operates.

Obviously, for me, it's exciting to represent both New York City, the global capital market leader, and yet I also represent a big state where there are a lot of poor people and people who have no access to health care. They don't have access to affordable college. They're worried about their futures.

So what we've got to do here is get back to having a Democratic president who will set the rules, so that we can continue to build our economy, we can inspire and incentivize people to take those risks, but we begin to repair the damage that has been done by this president and Republican Congress.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Governor Richardson, you were one of the last people on this stage to call for the resignation of the attorney general, Attorney General Gonzales. When asked by a journalist why you were taking long to make up your mind about this, you replied, quote, "It's because he's Hispanic. I'm honest."

Is that the right way to make personnel decisions?

LOSER That's how I felt.

Now, what I said, too, Brian, was that I wanted to await Alberto Gonzales's testimony before the U.S. Senate, before the Senate Judiciary Committee.

He hadn't had a chance to fully explain why, number one, he'd politicized the Justice Department; number two, why he indiscriminately fired U.S. attorneys, including one in New Mexico who was just doing his job and was being pushed to have some political indictments; and third, why is it that, as attorney general, he did not -- he did not act as the lawyer for the American people rather than as the lawyer and political adviser to the White House, staff and the president.

So, yeah, you know, he's -- came from nothing. I know the guy. Did it affect that he was Hispanic in what I said? Yeah, it did, and I said so.

I think the American people want candor. They don't want blow- dried candidates with perfection. That was the reason I held back. I did call for his resignation.

Maybe I was last, but I wanted to give him a chance to explain his position. He didn't do it, and I called for his resignation.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

Senator Dodd, while you represent the Nutmeg State in the U.S. Senate, you may be the most Washington of all the people from Washington on this stage here tonight son of a U.S. senator, in the Senate for two decades yourself, a committee chair, and you've been rather unabashed about accepting money from lobbyists.

How then do you make the case with people that you will reform or change Washington ways?

Dodd Well, first of all, I am very proud to come from a family that served in public service. My father was a prosecutor in Nuremberg; was active in helping start the civil rights division at the Justice Department; tried cases, in fact, in South Carolina in the '40s.

Was a congressman, a senator. My brothers and sisters are teachers.

Public service is something we take great pride in my family. And certainly, I am proud of my experience, having served in the House and the Senate for the past 26 years.

We have already talked a bit about campaign finance reform. I've been a long advocate of public financing of campaigns. I believe this is one of the great threats to our country; that not enough people are qualified and want to seek public office.

Put aside the presidency of the United States, talking even about congressional seats or local seats, it's becoming prohibitive.

Certainly, until the law changes, you have to do what you can to raise the resources.

I'm also proud to be serving on committees that deal with economic growth in this country. I'm a pro-growth Democrat. That experience, I think, is what's missing in many ways today. We've been through six years of on-the-job training with the president. I think we're now ready for experience in this country that allows us to go forward, create jobs and create prosperity for this 21st century.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, thank you.

Congressman Kucinich, you were anti-war before the anti-war position started surging in the polls. The question is, why don't you think you have more traction politically in the United States?

Kucinich I think tonight's debate is going to help change that, Brian, because I think when people understand not only that I opposed the war from the start, but I opposed the idea of using war as a matter of policy. I don't think it reflects America's greatness, and I also think that this process -- this isn't "American Idol" here.

We're choosing a president. And we have to look at the audition that occurred that in 2003, when my good friends were called upon to make a decision and then made the wrong decision.

Apologies aren't enough, because we've had 3,333 Americans die. Perhaps as many as over 650,000 innocent Iraqis die. People are looking for a president who has the wisdom to make the right choices about America's security and who also has the integrity to be able to take a stand that may be unpopular.

And so, I think that when people see that this campaign comes from a place of the heart and wants to reconnect with the world, I think they'll be ready to support it.

MODERATOR Congressman Kucinich, thank you.

Senator Biden, words have, in the past, gotten you in trouble, words that were borrowed and words that some found hateful.

An editorial in the Los Angeles Times said, "In addition to his uncontrolled verbosity, Biden is a gaff machine."

Can you reassure voters in this country that you would have the discipline you would need on the world stage, Senator?

LOSER Yes.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Biden.

(Laughter)

Senator Gravel, at a forum earlier this year -- I want to get this right -- you said it doesn't matter whether you are elected president or not, so then, why are you here tonight?

Shouldn't debates be for candidates who are in the race to win the race?

LOSER You're right. I made that statement. But that's before I had a chance to stand with them a couple or three times.

It's like going into the Senate. You know, the first time you get there, you're all excited, "My God, how did I ever get here?"

Then, about six months later, you say, "How the hell did the rest of them get here?"

(Laughter)

And I got to tell you, after standing up with them, some of these people frighten me -- they frighten me. When you have mainline candidates that turn around and say that there's nothing off the table with respect to Iran, that's code for using nukes, nuclear devices.

I got to tell you, I'm president of the United States, there will be no preemptive wars with nuclear devices. To my mind, it's immoral, and it's been immoral for the last 50 years as part of American foreign policy.

MODERATOR Let's use a little moderator discretion here. Senator Gravel, that's a weighty charge.

Who on this stage exactly tonight worries you so much?

LOSER Well, I would say the top tier ones. The top tier ones. They've made statements.

Oh, Joe, I'll include you, too. You have a certain arrogance. You want to -- you want to tell the Iraqis how to run their country.

I got to tell you, we should just plain get out -- just plain get out.

It's their country. They're asking us to leave. And we insist on staying there.

And why not get out? What harm is it going to do? Oh, you hear the statement, "Well, my God, these soldiers will have died in vain." The entire deaths of Vietnam died in vain. And they're dying in vain right this very second.

And you know what's worse than a soldier dying in vain? It's more soldiers dying in vain. That's what's worse.

MODERATOR Senator Gravel, thank you.

Senator Clinton, recent national polls indicate the majority of the general public has an unfavorable view of you, right now, at this point in time.

Why do you think Republicans are looking forward to running against you with so much zeal?

Clinton Well, Brian, you'd have to ask them. I'm sure that they would give you all the reasons.

But, from my perspective, it may have something to do with the fact that I have stood up for what I've believed in.

I tried to achieve universal health care back in '93 or '94, and I still have the scars from that experience. You know, I take it as a perverse form of flattery, actually, that if they weren't worried, they would not be so vitriolic in their criticism of me.

Because I believe that the country is ready for change. I believe America is ready now for universal health care. It is ready for a new energy policy. It is ready to deal with global climate change. It is ready to clean up the government after the corruption and the cronyism of the Bush years.

It is ready, once again, to be a leader in the world, where we create alliances instead of alienation. I think that's what they're most worried about, because I am serious about doing that. I am serious about getting the presidency once again to lead, and I believe I'm ready to do that.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

We'll switch now to a section of questions on mostly domestic policy, and we'll begin with you, Senator Edwards, on the topic of abortion.

Our most recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll indicated a majority of Americans approved of last week's Supreme Court decision to make so-called partial birth or late-term abortions illegal.

Most of the people on this stage put out statements and criticized the ruling. A lot of American families find this just a hideous topic for a discussion.

Is this a case, do you think, of the Supreme Court and the public with opinions in one place, and yet a lot of elected officials in another?

Edwards No, I don't believe it is. I would say first that this decision by the Supreme Court is actually a perfect example of what's at stake in this election. The kind of people that will be appointed to the United States Supreme Court by the next president will control whether a woman's freedom, freedom to choose, make her own health care decisions will be made by her or will be made by the government or by some men sitting on the United States Supreme Court.

So I think it's really crucial for all voters who are listening to this debate, including here in South Carolina, to make a very hard decision about who's most likely to be strong in winning this election.

Now, on the issue of abortion, I think -- I believe in a woman's right to choose, but I think this is an extraordinarily difficult issue for America.

And I think it is very important for the president of the United States to recognize, while I believe the government should not make these health-care decisions for women -- I believe they should have the freedom to make them themselves -- this is a very difficult issue for many people. And I think we have to show respect for people who have different views about this.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Obama, on this same topic, what about your view on the decision on partial-birth abortion and your reaction to most of the public agreeing with the court's holding?

Obama You know, I think that most Americans recognize that this is a profoundly difficult issue for the women and families who make these decisions. They don't make them casually.

And I trust women to make these decisions in conjunction with their doctors and their families and their clergy.

And I think that's where most Americans are.

Now, when you describe a specific procedure that accounts for less than 1 percent of the abortions that take place, then naturally, people get concerned, and I think legitimately so.

But the broader issue here is Do women have the right to make these profoundly difficult decisions? And I trust them to do it.

Now, there is a broader issue, though. And that is can we move past some of the debates around which we disagree and can we start talking about the things we do agree on? Reducing teen pregnancy; making it less likely for women to find themselves in the circumstances where they've got to anguish over these decisions.

Those are areas where I think we can all start mobilizing and move forward rather than look backwards.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Biden, as president would you have a specific litmus test question on Roe v. Wade that you would ask of your nominees for the high court?

LOSER I strongly support Roe v. Wade. I wouldn't have a specific question but I would make sure that the people I sent to be nominated for the Supreme Court shared my values; and understood that there is a right to privacy in the United States Constitution.

That's why I lead the fight to defeat Bork. Thank God he is not in the court or Roe v. Wade would be gone by now.

Number two, that's why I was so outspoken and have been criticized for being outspoken and leading the effort to try to defeat Roberts and Alito. That's why I opposed, the other, Thomas on the court.

The truth of the matter is that this decision was intellectually dishonest. I think it is a rare procedure that should only be available when the woman's life and health is at stake.

But, what this court did is it took that decision, and it said -- put a Trojan horse in -- through dishonest reasoning, laid the groundwork for undoing Roe v. Wade.

That's the danger of this decision. Not the specific procedure, but the rationale offered to justify, I think, the next step they're going to try to take.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. Congressman Kucinich, same question. Would you ask a litmus test, Roe versus Wade question of high-court nominees?

Kucinich Any of my appointments to the high court would necessarily reflect my thinking. I don't know how it could be otherwise. I intend to be a president who's a healer, who understands that this country has been put in a debate that has torn it apart.

But the truth of the matter is, it's possible, I believe, to take a course of action where you can get all the people of America in support of a culture of life which includes prenatal care, postnatal care, child care, universal health care, a living wage, all those things that give support to life.

Kucinich And we also need to listen carefully to those who are concerned about abortion.

At the same time, a healer as president would help reconcile this nation, and cause a woman's right to privacy to be protected unquestioningly, protect Roe v. Wade, but also go out and listen to people and engage people and open up hearts -- because this is an issue that requires an enormous amount of compassion, and that's the approach I would take.

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you.

Senator Dodd, you were the only senator on this stage to vote to confirm Chief Justice Roberts. Do you regret your vote?

Dodd No. I'm disappointed terribly by the decision that he reached the other day, because he did something he said he wouldn't do. He said during his confirmation hearings that he would uphold precedent. That was a very important answer he gave to me. I did not have the same degree of satisfaction when Justice Alito made a similar statement.

And what he did, of course, is walk away from the woman's health. For 34 years, the woman's health has been a major consideration on this issue since Roe versus Wade was first decided.

And to deviate from that, to me, was a major, major setback here. I happen to believe a woman has a right to choose. I've voted that way and done that, supported that for the 26 years I've been in the United States Senate.

But I also think what Dennis just said is extremely important. Abortions ought to be rare, safe and legal. And I think all of us here, regardless of your views on the question, would like to see national leadership in the country that would start providing additional choices so that women aren't faced with just the choice they have today.

Supporting expanding adoption, children's health issues -- these are things I've worked on for the last 26 years, having started the children's caucus in the United States Senate, worked on children's health issues. That's something we need to play far more attention, instead of just going back and forth on this question without dealing with the issue of how we can minimize this from occurring.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

We'd like to ask the same question of all of you, down the line, in order, and it calls for you to say a name or to pass.

And, Governor Richardson, we're going to start with you. The question is your model Supreme Court justice?

LOSER It would be Justice "Whizzer" White.

MODERATOR How about someone who is among the living?

(Laughter)

LOSER It would be -- in this particular case, Judge Ginsburg, who said that this was an erosion of a woman's right to chose and degraded the ability of a woman to protect herself health wise.

MODERATOR OK.

Again, name or pass, Senator Dodd?

Dodd Well, I would mention Justice Brennan, but you've excluded him...

MODERATOR Yes.

Dodd ... because of obvious reasons.

And I would agree with the choice made by -- Justice Ginsburg. I think she was eloquent in her dissent in this opinion, and certainly someone that I would -- I would respect.

MODERATOR And, Senator Edwards?

Edwards I missed it. No past justices?

MODERATOR A model Supreme Court justice alive today?

And I've just been informed, this is taking so long, you'll be the final person to handle this question.

(Laughter)

Edwards Ginsburg or Breyer.

MODERATOR All right. Justice Ginsburg or Justice Breyer, both of them sitting on the current court.

Senator Clinton, a question for you Did the government -- did any role that federal government plays fail those students at Virginia Tech?

Clinton Yes.

You know, I remember very well when I accompanied Bill to Columbine after that massacre and met with the family members of those who had been killed and talked with the students, and feeling that we had to do more to try to keep guns out of the hands of the criminal and of the mentally unstable.

And during the Clinton administration, that was a goal -- not to, in any way, violate people's Second Amendment rights, but to try to limit access to people who should not have guns.

Clinton Unfortunately, we saw the tragedy unfold at Virginia Tech. We now know that the background check system didn't work, because certainly this shooter, as he's called, had been involuntarily committed as a threat to himself and others. And, yet, he could walk in and buy a gun.

MODERATOR Governor Richardson, you are currently, if our research is correct, the NRA's favorite presidential candidate declared in either party, based on their rating system.

Did anything about the massacre at Virginia Tech make you rethink any part of your position on guns?

LOSER The first point I'd want to make is my sincerest condolences to the families of those loved ones that perished. It was an unspeakable tragedy.

You're right, Brian. I'm a Westerner. I'm a governor of New Mexico. The Second Amendment is precious in the West. But I want to just state for the record, a vast, vast majority of gun owners are law-abiding.

This is an issue that deals with two fundamental problems in our system right now.

The first is mental illness. We should ensure that all federal and state initiatives deal with making sure those with mental illnesses cannot get a gun.

Secondly, I was for instant background checks. We have to make sure that those background checks are state and local. States are properly funded to be able to detect those problems.

Lastly, in this country, mental health is not treated the same as other illnesses. There should be mental health parity in this country and we don't have it and we should finally find ways to ensure that our schools get the help that they need to detect these mentally ill patients.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

We are over on time.

And because our producers are learning about the consumption of time, we have our first "show of hands" question tonight.

(Laughter)

How many of you, in your adult lifetime, have had a gun in the house?

One -- Senator Gravel, Senator Biden, Senator Dodd, Governor Richardson, Congressman Kucinich.

Thank you very much.

Senator Biden, the kind of flip side of the question I just asked Senator Clinton What could the federal government have done to save those kids at Virginia Tech?

LOSER Shotgun -- not pistol.

What they could have done is two things. One, I was the fellow who, in the so-called Biden crime bill years ago to put 100,000 cops on the street that the Clinton administration made work incredibly well -- the first assault weapons ban was passed.

I've worked with law enforcement for the past 30 years, deal with getting around with armor-piercing bullets, waiting periods, et cetera.

But the one thing that's clear We should not have let the assault weapons ban lapse.

Number two, we should close this so-called gun show loophole, so you can't go into a gun show and buy a gun that you couldn't buy walking into a gun shop.

Number three, I agree with everyone here; we have let the country down in the way in which we have not focused on mental illness. We should know that when you sent a kid to college, you're going to be safe at college.

My wife is a doctor of education, a teacher at a community college. If, in fact, she and other teachers determine that a child, by the way they're writing and what they're acting, that they're a danger, the school should be able to take them off the campus.

MODERATOR Let's talk about health care, an issue that currently ranks a solid second in virtually every opinion poll in the United States.

Senator Edwards, you have said you would raise taxes to pay for a health care plan. The question is Which ones?

Edwards I would get rid of George Bush's tax cuts for people who make over $200,000 a year. But I want to say, this is an example -- we've had a lot of discussion tonight -- not a great deal of discussion so far about the substance of the very specific ideas that each of us have on big issues.

I'm proud of the fact that I have a very specific universal health care plan which I think is different than some others on the stage who are running for president.

And I think we have a responsibility, if you want to be president of the United States, to tell the American people what it is you want to do.

Rhetoric's not enough. High-falutin' language is not enough. And my plan would require employers to cover all their employees or pay into a fund that covers the cracks in the health care system -- mental health parity, which others have spoken about; chronic care; preventative care; long-term care; subsidized health care costs.

Give people a choice, including a government choice; no pre- existing conditions -- banned as a matter of law. And the law actually requires that every single American be covered.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Obama, how would you pay for your plan?

Obama Well, first of all, let me tell you what I would do.

Number one, I think we should have a national pool that people can buy into if they don't have health insurance, similar to the ones that most of us who are in Congress enjoy right now.

It doesn't make sense to me that my bosses, the taxpayers, may not have health insurance that I enjoy.

Obama And we can provide subsidies for those who can't afford the group rates that are available.

The second thing I think that we're going to have to do is make sure that we control costs. We spend $2 trillion on health care in this country every year, 50 percent more than other industrialized nations. And yet, we don't have, necessarily, better outcomes.

This week, we saw a story that showed that black infant mortality in this country is actually going up in some states, which is shameful and makes no sense.

And if we make sure that we provide preventive care and medical technology that can eliminate bureaucracy and paperwork, that makes a big difference.

The third thing is catastrophic insurance to help businesses and families avoid the bankruptcies that we're experiencing all across the country and reduced premiums for families.

That's the kind of plan that I think we can accomplish, as long as we build the movements to actually make that change happen.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Clinton, you're perhaps more closely associated with this issue than anyone on this stage.

How would you pay for your plan?

Clinton Well, let me start by saying that all of the ideas that you're going to hear about in this campaign are very important to get out to the public so that people can actually think about them, examine how they would affect their lives because I do have the experience of having put forth a plan, with many of the features that John and Barack just mentioned.

And people were enthusiastic about it initially, but then after the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies got finished working on it, everybody got nervous and so politically we were not successful.

Well, I'm ready to try again, and there's three things we've got to do. We've got to control and decrease costs for everyone. This is not just about the uninsured.

Yes, we have nearly 47 million, but we've got many millions more who have an insurance policy that they can barely afford and that they can't get the treatments they need under it. We have to cover everybody but we've got to improve quality.

We can save money within the existing system. I am not ready to put new money into a system that doesn't work until we've tried to figure out how to get the best outcomes from the money we already have.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Governor Richardson, you are perhaps the most strident on the position against raising taxes to pay for this.

But how could it possibly be the domestic Marshall Plan some people say it must be without that kind of revenue?

LOSER Well, as Democrats, I just hope that we always don't think of new taxes to pay for programs.

This is what I would do -- and I'm a governor; I deal with this issue every day. I deal with the issue of guns every day. I deal with almost everything you asked, as a chief executive.

This is what I would do. I would have the following principles. In our health care plan, my new health care plan, no new bureaucracy. Every American shares, along with businesses, the state and the federal government. I would focus on prevention.

I would also ensure that the first thing we do is deal with the bureaucracy and inefficiencies in our health care system. Thirty-one percent of our health care goes to inefficiencies and bureaucracy.

If we had a health information system where doctors and nurses could share information about health care, we would save billions of dollars.

I would also make sure that we would re-establish the doctor- patient relationship, eliminate those in the middle, like HMOs and others.

But my plan, I believe, would focus on prevention. We need to focus more on deterring these diseases, like...

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER ... like diabetes, that is 30 percent of our Medicare costs.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. Time has expired.

At this point, we're going to go to my colleague, Dave Stanton, in the audience, who has another round of questions via e-mail.

Stanton Good. Thanks, Brian.

And the first one is for Senator Biden.

This is from Daniel in Eastover, South Carolina. He says, "I would like a comment concerning the ban on South Carolina from the NAACP; and why they, the candidates, are in South Carolina if they support the NAACP"

"The NAACP has asked tourists, groups and sporting events not to come to South Carolina until the confederate flag has been removed from the statehouse grounds. Do you agree with that?"

LOSER Number-three man in the United States Congress, James Clyburn, who is one of the leaders of the Black Caucus is the reason why this event is here. I think it is better to show off the incredible capability of a historic black college and all these incredible students here than it is to walk away from that opportunity.

Stanton Senator Obama?

Obama Well, look, I think that the Confederate flag should be put in a museum. That's where it belongs. But we've got an enormous debate that's taking place in this country right now.

I mentioned black infant mortality rates going up. We have poverty in the inner cities and rural communities all across the country. And we've got to engage the American people and the people of South Carolina in that debate.

Hillary mentioned earlier, this is going to be a change election. People are hungry for change. And the question is Who is going to be the most effective agent for change? And I think in this forum, it gives voters the opportunity to see who that's going to be.

Stanton The next question is a short-answer question; one sentence. And I am going to ask each of you, beginning with Senator Gravel.

This is from Paula in Conway, South Carolina "What is the most significant political or professional mistake you have made in the past four years? And what, if anything, did you learn from this mistake which makes you a better candidate?"

And make the sentence no longer than 20 seconds.

Senator Gravel?

LOSER I've just grown up. I'm the senior statesman on here, and I was beginning to feel like a potted plant standing over here.

But let me point out to you, in one sentence, you know I won't hold their youth and inexperience against them.

(Laughter)

Stanton Thank you, sir.

Representative Kucinich?

(Laughter)

Kucinich You know, I know you set a time frame on this, but the thing that immediately comes to mind is when I was mayor of Cleveland, on Good Friday, I fired the police chief live on the 600 news.

(Laughter)

Stanton Senator Clinton?

Clinton Well, I don't have enough time to tell you all the mistakes I've made in the last many years.

Certainly, the mistakes I made around health care were deeply troubling to me and interfered with our ability to get our message out.

And, you know, believing the president when he said he would go to the United Nations and put inspectors into Iraq to determine whether they had WMD.

Stanton Senator Obama?

Obama Well, my wife, who is here, may have a longer list..

(Laughter)

But I think professionally the biggest mistake that I made was when I first arrived in the Senate. There was a debate about Terri Schaivo, and a lot of us, including me, left the Senate with a bill that allowed Congress to intrude where it shouldn't have.

And I think I should have stayed in the Senate and fought more for making sure that families make those decisions and not bureaucrats and politicians.

Stanton Senator Biden?

LOSER Overestimating the competence of this administration and underestimating the arrogance. I really thought, working with the secretary of state and with other Republicans, I could impact on George Bush's thinking.

And that was absolutely not within my capacity.

Stanton Senator Edwards?

Edwards I was wrong to vote for this war. Unfortunately, I'll have to live with that forever. And the lesson I learned from it is to put more faith in my own judgment.

Stanton Senator Dodd?

Dodd Well, it's been said before, won't be the first or the last, but I also agree on the war in Iraq was a huge mistake.

Stanton Governor Richardson?

LOSER I'm impatient. I try to change institutions in my state rapidly. I'm too aggressive.

One instance In New Mexico, I desperately wanted a year ago to increase the minimum wage to $7.50. And instead of pursuing diplomacy, for which I'm known for, instead of consultation, I tried to ram it through my legislature.

We finally got it done a year later. But if there's one mistake -- and I've made a lot of mistakes. I'm not perfect.

Stanton Thank you, sir.

Senator Clinton, if you were currently the president, would you defy the majority of American citizens and offer a form of amnesty for illegal aliens?

Clinton Well, I'm in favor of comprehensive immigration reform, which includes tightening our border security, sanctioning employers to employ undocumented immigrants, helping our communities deal with the costs that come from illegal immigration, getting the 12 million or so immigrants out of the shadows. That's very important to me.

After 9/11, we've got to know who's in this country. And then giving them a chance to pay a fine, pay back taxes, learn English and stand in line to be eligible for a legal status in this country.

Stanton Time's up. Thank you, ma'am.

And that question was from Chris in Myrtle Point, Oregon.

Senator Biden, this is for you.

"In comparison to countries like Japan, China and India, we have the least number of young people going for advanced degrees in science and engineering. How are you going to reverse this brain drain?" From Darren in Evanston, Illinois.

LOSER Change the fundamental way we educate our children. There's two things everyone knows the smaller the class size, the better the outcome; and the better the teacher, the better the outcome.

In those very nations named, a teacher makes as much as an engineer. If we want the best students in the world, we need the best teachers in the world.

Stanton Senator Dodd, this is from Joe, and he asked, "I have to pass a drug test to earn a paycheck. Shouldn't the welfare recipient have to pass one to receive a check, as well?"

Dodd Well, not necessarily. I think the country gets uneasy about going around and testing us all the time. We're over-tested, in some cases, already as it is.

Frankly, I think you clearly have to have rules and regulations here, but going around and insisting upon this -- you may have very -- people who need that for their families and children. All of our sudden -- there may be addicts that need that help and assistance -- to deprive them of that because they have an illness seems to me the wrong direction to be going in.

Let's be more respectful. Let's reach out to people -- a bit more of that compassion we talk about all the time.

Stanton And, Senator Edwards, this is for you from Auggie in Darlington, South Carolina.

"Concerning the astronomical windfall of major oil companies again in the first quarter. Why is gas still on the rise?"

Edwards Well, for a lot of reasons. Number one, is extraordinary demand in America. And we use 22 million barrels of oil a day. Twelve million of those barrels are imported. It's the reason we have to make a bold transformation from what we are doing now.

Also, on the issue of climate change, we ought to cap carbon emissions in the United States. We ought to invest in clean alternative sources of energy. We ought to invest in carbon sequestration technology, in cold technology. A billion dollars, at least, into making sure we build the most fuel efficient vehicles on the planet.

We ought to ask Americans to patriotic about something other than war. To be willing to conserve.

Stanton Representative Kucinich, this is from Ashley in Elgin, South Carolina.

"I am what I consider a middle class American. It is almost to the point where I am consider dropping my medical insurance because premiums are just too high. What are you planning to do to help Americans have affordable health care premiums?"

Kucinich Actually, first of all, I want you to know that I live in the -- the house that I live in right now that I bought in 1971 for $22,500 connects me very strongly to middle class communities. That's where I come from.

The problem with our health care system -- premiums, co-pays and deductibles which, for profit insurance companies, run through the roof. I'm the cosponsor of the Conyers-Kucinich bill, H.R. 676, provides for universal, not-for-profit health care, takes that $2.2 trillion and puts it all into health care for people. We are already paying for a universal system of health care.

Stanton Time's up. Time's up.

Kucinich We're just not getting it.

Stanton  Thank you, sir. And this, again, for all of us, one sentence, and the question is this "While sitting in the Oval Office on the first day of your administration, name the first thing that you want accomplished by the end of that first day."

This is from Susan in West Colombia, South Carolina.

Governor Richardson?

LOSER The first day I would get us out of Iraq with diplomacy. The second day, I would plan a huge initiative on making America energy independent, with an Apollo-like program to become more reliant on renewable fuels.

I'd ask the American people to sacrifice in so doing.

Third, I would have a major initiative on climate change. Ninety percent...

Stanton Times up.

LOSER ... reduced emissions by 2050.

The fourth day, I would take off.

Stanton Thank you, sir.

(Laughter)

Unfortunately, that takes all our time for this segment.

MODERATOR I'm telling you, it's tough up here. There's no such thing as one sentence with this crowd.

We have to do a little bit of housekeeping here, and that is this, our NBC stations across the state of South Carolina have been carrying this live on over-the-air and cable television.

We're going to say goodbye to them. We will continue on MSNBC on cable and the Internet with our conversation. This brings us into the final half-hour of tonight's conversation. And we're going to switch categories now to what we are calling non-Iraq foreign policy.

Senator Obama, what are America's three most important allies around the world?

Obama Well, I think the European Union as a whole has been a long-standing ally of ours, and through NATO we've been able to make some significant progress. Afghanistan, in particular, is an area where we should be focusing. NATO has made real contributions there.

Unfortunately, because of the distraction of Iraq, we have not finished the job in terms of making certain that we are driving back the Taliban, stabilizing the Karzai government, capturing bin Laden and making sure that we've rooted out terrorism in that region.

We also have to look east, because increasingly, the center of gravity in this world is shifting to Asia. Japan has been an outstanding ally of ours for many years.

But, obviously, China is rising and it's not going away.

They're neither our enemy nor our friend. They're competitors. But we have to make sure that we have enough military-to-military contact, and forge enough of a relationship with them that we can stabilize the region.

That's something I'd like to do as president.

MODERATOR Senator, thanks. I'll give you a follow-up.

I didn't hear you mention Israel, and I ask because there is a quote attributed to your name. You said recently, "No one is suffering more than the Palestinian people."

Do you stand by that remark?

Obama Well, keep in mind what the remark actually, if you had the whole thing, said. And what I said is nobody has suffered more than the Palestinian people from the failure of the Palestinian leadership to recognize Israel, to renounce violence, and to get serious about negotiating peace and security for the region.

Israel has been one of our most important allies around the world. It's the only established democracy in the Middle East. It's the linchpin of much of our efforts in the Middle East.

But the United States has to get engaged in this region. And that's something that this president has not done. That's something that I intend to do.

MODERATOR Time is up, Senator.

Senator Biden, from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, what three nations, other than Iraq, represent, to you, the biggest threat to the United States?

LOSER The biggest threat to the United States is, right now, North Korea.

Iran not as big a threat, but a long-term threat.

And quite frankly, the tendency of Putin to move in a totalitarian direction, which would unhinge all that's going on positively in Europe.

And it requires us to make two fundamental changes in this administration's policy.

We have to jettison this notion of preemption as a doctrine, and we have to jettison the notion of regime change. Replace it with prevention; open our ears and talk, before things become crises.

And, two, we have to move in the direction of making sure that we deal with the one thing that no one's talking about, and that is conduct change, not regime change.

Think of the folly of what this administration has acted on. It has said, "By the way, give up your weapons, the very thing that's us from attacking you. And once you give them up, then we're going to take you out."

That's the logic of this administration. That's why we've lost respect all over the world.

My goal would be to reestablish America's place in the world.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Gravel, same question Other than Iraq, the three most important enemies to the United States?

LOSER We have no important enemies. What we need to do is to begin to deal with the rest of the world as equals. And we don't do that.

We spend more as a nation on defense than all the rest of the world put together. Who are we afraid of?

Who are you afraid of, Brian? I'm not. And Iraq has never been a threat to us. We invaded them. I mean, it is unbelievable. The military industrial complex not only controls our government, lock, stock and barrel, but they control our culture.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, Russia has been in the news of late. Just today, they suspended an arms deal over a squabble. Simply, do you regard them as a friend or a foe?

Edwards Well, what's happened in Russia, of course, is they've moved from being a democracy under Yeltsin to being a complete autocracy under Putin. The government has been centralized. Any kind of democratic effort, any opposition party, any opposition voice has been squashed.

I think the question we should be asking ourselves -- and I've thought a lot about this. I've spent a fair amount of time since the last election working overseas and working on these issues. I think the question we should be asking ourselves is how does America change the underlying dynamic of what's happening in the world?

We need to maintain our strength, military, economic, political. But how do we ultimately change what's happening, the threats that America faces?

I think for that to occur, the world has to see America as a force for good again, which is why I talked about making -- leading an effort to make primary school education available to 100 million children in the world who don't have it, in the Muslim world, in Africa, in Latin America.

Leading an international effort on sanitation, clean drinking water, economic development using microfinance as a tool. I mean, here's a way that America could actually demonstrate its commitment to humanity, which I think is critical for our leadership.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. Governor Richardson, with your forays into diplomacy, four nominations for Nobel Peace Prizes, when you consider that President Bush said he once looked into the soul Putin, how would you do things differently with Russia?

LOSER What I would do is, I would assess what our strategic interests are. What would I want from Russia?

Number one, I want them to control some of the loose nuclear weapons in their domain.

Number two, I'd want them to be more humane in dealing with Chechnya.

Number three, I'd want them to be a stable source of energy for this country.

Number four, I would want them to promote more democracy in their own nation.

Now, my precepts in foreign policy are this -- I think this president characterizes this -- being stubborn isn't a foreign policy. And power without diplomacy is blank.

I would focus my presidency on dealing with the real threats to America. International terrorism, nuclear proliferation. I've dealt directly with North Korea. I think we've made the situation better.

Number three, I would deal with issues like Darfur.

Why is it that America does not care about Africa, about genocide, about issues relating to enormous amount of deaths that are brought forth by international poverty?

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

We are all out of time.

Senator Clinton, a friend of yours from back home, said this week Quote, "the Democrats do not understand the full nature and scope of the terrorist war against us."

Another quote "America will be safer with a Republican president."

How do you think, Senator, that it happened that that notion of Republicans as protectors in a post 9/11 world has taken on so?

Clinton Well, Brian, I think that, as a senator from New York, it is something that I have worked on very hard ever since 9/11 -- to try to convince the administration to do those things that would make us safer. And I think there's a big disconnect between the rhetoric and the reality.

We haven't secured our borders, our ports, our mass transit systems. You can go across this country and see so much that has not been done.

The resources haven't gotten to the front lines where decisions are made in local government the way that they need to.

And I think that this administration has consistently tried to hype the fear without delivering on the promise of making America safer.

And its foreign policy around the world, as you've heard from all of my colleagues here, has also made the world less stable, which, of course, has a ripple effect with respect to what we're going to face in the future.

So I hope that we can put that myth to rest. It is certainly something I will try to do during the campaign.

MODERATOR Senator Dodd, same question. How has this label been attached to the Democratic Party, that the Republicans will protect America best?

Dodd Well, that's a great question, Brian, because it's a myth in the sense when you consider what this administration has done over six years, given the attacks we faced on 9/11.

Here our first responders are not getting the support they deserve, the administration has been resistant in supporting them; the war in Iraq, rather than dealing with the Taliban in Afghanistan where our efforts should have been over the last number of years; not building the kind of international support -- stateless terrorism is a multinational problem. It's a tactic.

It requires a multinational response. This administration has walked away from that. The very institutions we need to build to have us effectively engage and fight back against terrorism, this administration seems to take the other track and move in another direction.

I would have asked your question earlier on what's the serious threat we face. It is stateless terrorism. It isn't states. It's the absence of diplomacy, the absence of engaging with nations around the world to build those relationships that allow us to have a far more effective response to the scourge that we face in this century.

We need to have leadership that knows how to build those relationships to encourage that kind of participation. This administration's done just the opposite.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Second "show of hands" question Do you believe there is such a thing as a global war on terror?

Let's try Congressman Kucinich.

Why is your hand not up?

Kucinich Because the fact of the matter is that the global war on terror has been a pretext for aggressive war. As president of the United States, I intend to take America in a different direction, rejecting war as an instrument of policy, reconnecting with the nations of the world, so that we can address the real issues that affect security all over the globe and affect our security at home getting rid of all nuclear weapons, the United States participating in the chemical weapons convention, the biological weapons convention, the small arms treaty, the landmine treaty, joining the International Criminal Court, signing the Kyoto climate change treaty.

The world is waiting for an American president who reaches out in a hand of friendship; who understands this is a complex world, but doesn't see the world in terms of enemies.

The minute that we have dichotomous thinking of us versus them, we lose the opportunity to be able to connect with people.

I'd open up relations with Syria and Iran, and all those nations that need the United States to say we want to talk. And I'd also put right on the front of the agenda peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, because I can -- I can play an even-handed role in moving -- in reaching out to bring those peoples together.

MODERATOR Time has expired.

Thank you, Congressman.

Senator Obama, if, God forbid a thousand times, while we were gathered here tonight, we learned that two American cities have been hit simultaneously by terrorists and we further learned, beyond the shadow of a doubt it had been the work of Al Qaida, how would you change the U.S. military stance overseas as a result?

Obama Well, the first thing we'd have to do is make sure that we've got an effective emergency response, something that this administration failed to do when we had a hurricane in New Orleans.

And I think that we have to review how we operate in the event of not only a natural disaster, but also a terrorist attack.

The second thing is to make sure that we've got good intelligence, a., to find out that we don't have other threats and attacks potentially out there, and b., to find out, do we have any intelligence on who might have carried it out so that we can take potentially some action to dismantle that network.

But what we can't do is then alienate the world community based on faulty intelligence, based on bluster and bombast. Instead, the next thing we would have to do, in addition to talking to the American people, is making sure that we are talking to the international community.

Because as already been stated, we're not going to defeat terrorists on our own. We've got to strengthen our intelligence relationships with them, and they've got to feel a stake in our security by recognizing that we have mutual security interests at stake.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Senator Edwards, same question God forbid, two simultaneous attacks tonight, we knew it was Al Qaida, what would you change about U.S. military stance overseas?

Edwards Well, the first thing I would do is be certain I knew who was responsible, and I would act swiftly and strongly to hold them responsible for that.

The second thing I would do -- and, of course, some of these have been mentioned already -- is find out how did this happen without our intelligence operations finding out that it was in a planning stage; how did they get through what we all recognize is a fairly porous homeland security system that we have in this country that has not been built the way it needed to be built?

You know, did the weapons that created these two simultaneous strikes come through our ports? Were they in one of the containers that have not been checked? How did these weapons get here, and how do we stop it from happening again?

I believe -- and this goes to the question you asked earlier, just a few minutes ago -- global war on terror. I think there are dangerous people and dangerous leaders in the world that America must deal with and deal with strongly.

But we have more tools available to us than bombs.

And America needs to use the tools that are available to them, so that these people who are sitting on the fence, the terrorists are trying to recruit the next generation get pushed to our side, not to the other side. We've had no long-term strategy. We need one and I will provide one as president.

MODERATOR We are out of time, thank you.

Senator Clinton, same question.

Clinton Well, again, having been a senator during 9/11, I understand very well the extraordinary horror of that kind of an attack and the impact that it has, far beyond those that are directly affected.

I think a president must move as swiftly as is prudent to retaliate.

If we are attacked, and we can determine who is behind that attack, and if there are nations that supported or gave material aid to those who attacked us, I believe we should quickly respond.

Now, that doesn't mean we go looking for other fights. You know, I supported President Bush when he went after Al Qaida and the Taliban in Afghanistan.

And then when he decided to divert attention to Iraq, it was not a decision that I would have made, had I been president, because we still haven't found bin Laden. So let's focus on those who have attacked us and do everything we can to destroy them.

MODERATOR Out of time, Senator. Thank you.

Just over 14 minutes left, by my calculations. Let's enter more of a mixed bag of questions here as we go down the home stretch. Another show of hands.

Is anyone on this stage willing to enter into Congressman Kucinich's effort to impeach Vice President Cheney?

That being the response, Congressman, perhaps it's an appropriate question Is this a proper use of public congressional time and energy?

Kucinich This is a pocket copy of the Constitution, which I carry with me, because I took an oath to defend the Constitution.

We've spent a lot of time talking about Iraq here tonight and America's role in the world. This country was taken into war based on lies. This country was taken into war based on lies about weapons of mass destruction and Al Qaida's role with respect to Iraq, which there wasn't one at the time we went in.

I want to state that Mr. Cheney must be held accountable. He is already ginning up a cause for war against Iran.

Now, we have to stand for this Constitution. We have to protect and defend this Constitution.

And this vice president violated this Constitution.

So I think that while my friends on this stage may not be ready to take this stand, the American people should know that there's at least one person running for president who wants to reconnect America with its goodness, with its greatness, with its highest principles, which currently are not being reflected by those who are in the White House.

MODERATOR Time has expired.

Congressman, thank you.

Senator Dodd, the state of Connecticut has legalized civil unions for gay people. Tell me, is there a difference between gay marriage and civil unions?

Dodd Well, I always begin this question, Brian, by asking people to consider what they would do in the case of their own children. I have two very young daughters who one day may have a different sexual orientation than their parents.

How would I like them treated as adults? What kind of housing, what kind of homes, what kind of jobs, what kind of retirement would they be allowed to have?

I think if you ask yourself that question, you come to the conclusion that I hope most Americans would that they ought to be able to have those loving relationships sanctioned.

I'm proud of the fact that my state has done so. I'm proud of the fact that Governor Lynch in New Hampshire is going to sign legislation which makes that possible. I believe that civil unions are appropriate and proper.

I don't support same-sex marriage. And the distinction there I think is one of more of what's available, what the traditions are, and the -- over the years. But, basically, that's a distinction I make. Strongly support those civil unions.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, a quote from Tom Friedman in The New York Times "Unfortunately, today's presidential hopefuls are largely full of hot air on the climate energy issue. Not one of them is proposing anything hard."

What would you propose for the average American that would be hard?

LOSER I thought you were going to read Tom Friedman's quote saying I was the only one who had a plan on Iraq. You ought to read that one, too. I thought that was the one, when you said Tom Friedman.

Now, all kidding aside, it is a simple proposition. We have to make a equivalent of what Freedman was talking about, a Manhattan Project.

We have to fundamentally shift the way we do it. The way we started off -- Barack and I have a bill to make sure that every automobile sold in the United States is a flex-fuel automobile; every gas station in America, by the year 2009, has to have 10 percent of it's pumps pumping E85 ethanol.

We also have legislation in requiring we invest $100 million a year for the next couple of years while this president is president in order to be able to find lithium battery technology to be able to power our cars.

We also have legislation talking about capping emissions. Cap them now; not wait. Cap them where they are now. Time's running out.

But you have to be willing to make multi-billion dollar investments over the next 10 years and set hard goals in order to be able to get to the point where we are no longer dependent.

MODERATOR Senator Biden, thank you.

Governor Richardson, Fidel Castro is still alive. How do you feel about normalizing relations with Castro's Cuba?

LOSER I have to answer a fundamental question that requires a presidential answer, and that is -- I think you said if two of our cities were attacked, what would I do?

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER I would respond militarily, aggressively. I'll build international support for our goals. I'd improve our intelligence, but that would be a direct threat on the United States, and I would make it clear that that would be an important, decisive, military response, surgical strike, whatever it takes.

MODERATOR All right. Grant you a few more for the answer on Castro.

LOSER Well, I believe that what we need to do is find ways to deal with a post-democratic Cuba. It's going to happen. The second thing I would do, Brian, is I would bring Cuban-Americans in New Jersey and Florida into the dialogue. The third thing is I would change the Bush administration policy which is limiting family visits, which is limiting remittances from Cubans into Florida.

But the reality is that we should be planning for a post-Castro Cuba, and that means re-evaluating the embargo. That means also finding ways that we ensure that Cuba becomes democratic, with trade unionism, with free elections.

And we should be engaged in a policy right now.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Governor.

Senator Gravel, your two terms in the Senate representing Alaska have sat on top of, of course, a huge reserve of oil. With the French system as the model, is the United States, in your view, woefully behind in its use of nuclear energy?

LOSER No, not at all. I think there had to be a maturation process. And I'm the one that started the nuclear critique in this country.

I'm also the one that denied the boots on the ground for George Bush today, when I filibustered the end of the draft.

And I'm also the one that brought about the Alaska pipeline by one vote in the Congress.

So when you ask about the energy issues or the other issues, let me just tell you -- I wanted to answer the question on the war and on what's going on.

We are mischaracterizing terrorism. Terrorism has been with civilization from the beginning. And it will be there to the end.

We're going to be as successful fighting terrorism as we are fighting drugs with a war. It doesn't work. What you have to do is to begin to change the whole foreign policy.

The Republicans, who are charging Democrats about not going for the defense of this country, my God, this invasion brought about more terrorists. Osama bin Laden must have been rolling in his blankets...

MODERATOR Senator...

LOSER ... how happy he was over our invading Iraq.

MODERATOR Time has expired. Staying on the notion of the environment, which somewhat unbelievably is where that question started, what in your personal life, Senator Obama, have you done personally to make for a better environment? Personal life...

Obama Well, you know, we just had Earth Day. And we actually organized 3,000 volunteers to plant trees, which...

MODERATOR I mean, like light bulbs...

Obama Well...

(Laughter)

I thought the tree thing was pretty good.

MODERATOR Well, yes, but...

Obama We've also been working to install lightbulbs that last longer and save energy. And that's something that I'm trying to teach my daughters, 8-year-old Malia and 5-year-old Sasha.

But one thing that I do have to go back on, on this issue of terrorism We have genuine enemies out there that have to be hunted down, networks have to be dismantled.

There is no contradiction between us intelligently using our military and, in some cases, lethal force to take out terrorists and, at the same time, building the sort of alliances and trust around the world that has been so lacking over the last six years.

And that, I think, is going to be one of the most important issues that the next president is going to have to do, is to repair the kinds of challenges that we face.

MODERATOR Because you raised your hand, Senator (sic) Kucinich, 30 seconds for a rebuttal.

Kucinich My good friend, Senator Obama, that's a very provocative statement. You previously said that all options are on the table with respect to Iran.

And I think that it's important for people to reflect on the real meaning of that, that you're setting the stage for another war.

I think it's important that we move away from global warming and global warring. And the connection is oil. We're in Iraq for oil. We're looking at attacking Iran for oil.

And until we change our international policies, which quit using war as an instrument of policy...

MODERATOR Time.

Kucinich ... and change our energy policies...

MODERATOR Time.

Kucinich ... we will continue to repeat this sorry cycle.

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you. Time has expired.

Senator Obama, 30.

Obama I just got some time and I wanted to respond to this.

I think it would be a profound mistake for us to initiate a war with Iran.

But, have no doubt, Iran possessing nuclear weapons will be a major threat to us and to the region.

Kucinich (OFF-MIKE)

Obama I understand that, but they're in the process of developing it. And I don't think that's disputed by any expert.

They are the largest state sponsor of terrorism...

Kucinich It is disputed by...

Obama ... Hezbollah and Hamas.

Kucinich It is disputed.

Obama And there is no contradiction, Dennis, between...

Kucinich It is disputed.

Obama Let me finish.

There is no contradiction between us taking seriously the need, as you do, to want to strengthen our alliances around the world -- but I think it is important for us to also recognize that if we have nuclear proliferators around the world that potentially can place a nuclear weapon into the hands of terrorists, that is a profound security threat for America and one that we have to take seriously.

MODERATOR Way, way over on time.

Senator Gravel, 30 seconds, please.

LOSER No, with respect to Iran, we've sanctioned them for 26 years. We scared the bejesus out of them when the president says, "They're evil."

Well, you know something? These things don't work. They don't work. We need to recognize them.

And you know something? Who is the greatest violator of the non- proliferation treaty? The United States of America. We signed a pledge that we would begin to disarm, and we're not doing it. We're expanding our nukes.

Who the hell are we going to nuke? Tell me, Barak. Barak, who do you want to nuke?

Obama I'm not planning to nuke anybody right now, Mike, I promise.

(Laughter)

LOSER Good. Good. We're safe then, for a while.

MODERATOR Senators, both, thank you.

Senator Edwards, who do you consider to be your moral leader?

Edwards I don't think I could identify one person that I consider to be my moral leader.

My Lord is important to me. I go to Him in prayer every day and ask for both forgiveness and counsel.

My wife, who I think is the finest human being I have ever known, is a source of great conscience for me.

My father, who raised me to believe that every human being on the planet, no matter who they are or where they live or what the color of their skin or what family they were born into, has exactly the same value.

I think that those are the people who have had the most influence on my view of morality and my responsibility, no matter what's happened to me, to stand up for those who have no one to speak for them.

MODERATOR Senator Edwards, thank you.

Senator Clinton, overall, is Wal-Mart a good thing or a bad thing for the United States of America?

(Laughter)

Clinton Well, it's a mixed blessing.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR How so?

Clinton Well, because when Wal-Mart started, it brought goods into rural areas, like rural Arkansas where I was happy to live for 18 years, and gave people a chance to stretch their dollar further.

As they grew much bigger, though, they have raised serious questions about the responsibility of corporations and how they need to be a leader when it comes to providing health care and having, you know, safe working conditions and not discriminating on the basis of sex or race or any other category.

You know, this is all part, though, of how this administration and corporate America today don't see middle class and working Americans. They are invisible. They don't understand that if you're a family that can't get health care, you are really hurting.

But to the corporate elite and to the administration in the White House, you're invisible.

If you can't afford college, you're invisible.

So I think we need to get both public sector and private sector leadership to start stepping up and being responsible and taking care of people.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

We're in our waning moments.

Senator Biden, a question for you. A friend of mine who's in the leadership of the Democratic Party says that if the party goes down a third straight time, what will happen is what he defined as modern-day extinction of the Democratic Party.

MODERATOR Putting yourself aside, perhaps, is there a winner on this stage tonight, and does your party have what it takes to reverse this trend and win the White House?

LOSER Absolutely, yes, there's a winner. Taking myself out, I'm looking at a bunch of winners right here, number one. And whoever wishes for Hillary is making a big mistake on the Republican side. The second point I'd make is, let's stop a lot of this happy talk here about the force, use of force doesn't make sense.

Use of force in Afghanistan is justified and necessary. In Darfur, justified and necessary. In the Balkans, justified and necessary. You guys can have your happy talk. There's real life.

LOSER Iraq...

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Senator.

A final word here. We have tonight welcomed eight candidates to this stage. We've only had 90 minutes; an hour and a half we could easily have just spent on one issue.

If you didn't hear your question asked, we're in for a long campaign. It will be.

If you want to see the Republicans, you will next week, a week from tonight, on MSNBC. Our thanks to everyone here. Our thanks to everyone on stage. Now you can applaud.

Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.

MODERATOR So to our candidates, gentlemen, welcome to you all. Thank you for being here, and let's begin. And Governor Romney, I thought we'd begin with you. The president just today signed off on this economic stimulus plan that would send out 116 million checks to American homes. The plan is somewhat contrary to yours, providing lots of short-term stimulus to individuals. Your plan, as you know, focuses as much on the long term as the short term. Are you disappointed that your recipe for the economy was not embraced by the president? And as a follow-up, will you now embrace his plan?

LOSER Well, there's a great deal that is effective in his plan. I just wish it went further. What's effective is, first, he's getting money back to consumers. And given the fact that two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy, getting money back into the hands of our citizens, a lot of them paying a lot for gasoline, a lot for heating oil, a lot of people concerned about how to make ends meet, that makes sense to me. Mine was a little different. It had a permanent tax cut for people at the lowest income tax bracket. I also have a savings plan for individuals that allows folks who are making under $200,000 a year to save their money tax free, no (interest on ?) interest, dividends or capital gains. I guess we can get to that later. But his first start to help the consumers is a good start.

I just think we need to go further.

Second, we go to -- to corporate support and helping corporations have the incentive to buy more capital equipment. That he also does. I do it more aggressively than he does by writing off a larger amount of capital expenditures -- getting companies to, frankly, buy more stuff so that as they do so that other companies will hire people because if you want to turn an economy around, the key thing is to grow jobs. It's not just to get checks in the hands of consumers; it's consumers buying things that creates jobs. It's companies buying things that create jobs.

And then finally, his last leg is with regards to helping the FHA take on a broader array of -- of -- of homes that are in trouble, homeowners that are in trouble. And that's really very important, and I'm appreciative of the fact that the president took that step. We -- we really have across the country a housing crisis, a mortgage crisis, that seems to have spilled out into the entire economy, and -- and the effect of this, of course, is to put a lot of pain against a lot of people. And so helping reverse the housing crisis is critical.

And that's why expanding the FHA loan requirements, or excuse me, if you will, loosening those requirements and expanding the ability of FHA to help out homeowners would make a big difference. So net-net is something I support, and I look forward to taking it further.

MODERATOR And time is up, Governor.

Senator McCain, will you support the part of this that does not make the Bush tax cuts permanent? And as the only member of the Senate on the stage, will you vote for this compromise?

WINNER Yes, I will and I'm disappointed, because I think it's very important that we make the Bush tax cuts permanent. I voted to make them permanent twice already.

If people and businesses and families in America are now planning their 2010 budget, there's a great deal of uncertainty. And if we don't make the tax cuts permanent, then they will experience what amounts to a tax increase.

I applaud the efforts and the rapidity with which apparently we are moving.

But I also would make sure that the -- not only the tax cuts are made permanent, but we cut corporate income taxes. That would keep businesses here, and it would keep jobs here and create jobs here. We pay the highest corporate income tax of any nation in the world except for Japan.

I think that it would be very important that no pork barrel projects be added as this bill winds its way through the various committees of Congress. I worry about that. I worry that we're going to add pork barrel projects.

I'm glad to see that we're going to allow people to expense new investments in equipment, so they can write them off in a -- in a very short period of time.

But I really think that -- that we have to understand that the rate cuts by Bernanke are a good beginning. Apparently the markets have stabilized a little bit.

But we also need to continue to cut tax rates in America. And we also have to encourage savings, because if we don't restrain spending, if we don't restrain spending, then we're going to end up in the same position that we were in earlier, and that's with an economy that has very serious fiscal difficulties.

MODERATOR Senator, time is up.

Mayor Giuliani, you've in the past supported a wide array of tax cuts. Do you think it's a mistake that they're not in this package?

LOSER I think this package, for what it does, is okay, and I would support it, but it doesn't go far enough. I think in the face of what's been going on, which obviously is a matter of serious concern, we should be very aggressive.

Congressman Dreier and Senator Bond introduced legislation -- I think it was yesterday -- that with my tax package, it would be the largest tax reduction in American history. It would take the Bush tax cuts, make them permanent, reduce the corporate tax, reduce the capital gains tax, reduce taxes on those things that would allow business to see America as more competitive. And you almost don't have a distinction any longer between temporary and permanent in the kind of an economy that we live in.

Is it a problem for your campaign that the economy is now the most important issue, one that, by your own acknowledgement, you are not well versed on?

WINNER Actually, I don't know where you got that quote from. I'm very well versed in economics.

I was there at there at the Reagan Revolution. I was there when we enacted the first, or just after we enacted the first tax cuts and the restraints on spending. I was chairman of the Commerce Committee in the United States Senate, which addresses virtually every major economic issue that affects the United States of America.

I'm very well versed on economics, and that's why I have the support of people like Jack Kemp, people like Phil Gramm, people like Warren Rudman, people like Doug Holtz-Eakin, people like Marty Feldstein. That's why I have a strong team around me that respect my views and my vision. And that's why The Wall Street Journal, in a survey of economists recently, that the majority of economists thought that I could handle the nation's economy best.

And I have been a consistent fighter to restrain spending and to cut taxes. And my credentials and my experience and my knowledge of these economic issues, I think, are extensive. And I would match them against anybody who's running.

MODERATOR You all have described yourself as tax cutters, and yet in your records there are shortcomings on that issue.

Governor Huckabee, are you comfortable with the fact that Governor Romney raised fees a quarter of a million dollars as governor of Massachusetts? Do you trust him as a tax cutter?

LOSER You know, it's going to be really more do the voters trust him, and do they trust me. I know this I balanced a budget every year I was governor. I left a surplus of $850 million coming up from a deficit of $200 million. I know I signed the first- ever broad-based tax cuts. And I know that I made tax cuts that really impacted families by eliminating the marriage penalty, doubling the child care tax credit, raising the income level at which people paid their income tax.

But let me speak to the really heart of what I think a lot of Americans are concerned about with the economy. And frankly, in talking about the stimulus package, one of the concerns that I have is that we'll probably end up borrowing this $150 billion from the Chinese. And when we get those rebate checks, most people are going to go out and buy stuff that's been imported from China. I have to wonder whose economy is going to be stimulated the most by the package.

And I'm grateful that something is being done. I think we all could at least acknowledge that it's good to see Congress working with the president to do something.

But if we're going to spend $150 billion, I'd like to suggest that maybe we add two lanes of highway from Bangor all the way to Miami on I-95. A third of the United States population lives within 100 miles of that.

This nation's infrastructure is falling apart. And if we built those lanes of highways -- with American labor, American steel, American concrete -- I believe it would do more to stimulate the economy.

And the reason I say that is because when we were going through a recession in my state, we were in the middle of a billion-dollar highway construction program that brought about 40,000 jobs and brought a billion dollars of capital into the economy. That's a long- term stimulus package that I think would have more impact on the American long-term future. And it would keep social capital from being wasted, fuel wasted. A lot of people in Florida sit around in traffic every day, never getting to their kids' dance recitals or soccer games because they're stuck in traffic, and we've done nothing about it.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you've criticized Senator tor McCain for opposing the first two Bush tax cuts. You've criticized Mayor Giuliani for going to court to try to retain a commuter tax on people coming to the city of New York. Do you trust Senator McCain and Mayor Giuliani on the issue of being tax cutters?

LOSER I trust these two gentlemen and I respect them greatly. We do have differing views, and over time our record with regards to taxes has been somewhat different. But I think all of us on this stage want to see taxes brought down and want to see spending brought down.

I have a sound record of doing that. I came into a state that faced an extraordinary series of challenges. Massachusetts was in a ditch.

We had about a $3 billion budget shortfall. Everybody thought, we're going to have to raise taxes to solve the problem.

And I went to work to get Massachusetts back on track. Working with Democrats across the aisle, we were able to do that without raising taxes. And that was critical, because it said to the business community, you don't have to worry about Taxachusetts coming back again; you're going to see Massachusetts live within its means. We balanced the budget every one of four years. We also put in place a surplus of over $2 billion to help make sure that we'd have the kind of resources that would be needed if there were a rainy day.

Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Senator McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent. I think he should have voted for them the first time around, and that's just a difference of viewpoint.

The Bush tax cuts helped get our economy going again when we faced the last tough times. And that's why right now, as we face tough times, we need to have somebody who understands, if you will, has the private sector, has the business world, has the economy in their DNA. I do.

I spent my life in the private sector. I know how jobs come and I know how they go, and I'll make sure that we create more good jobs for this nation. And one way to do that is by holding down taxes and making those tax cuts permanent.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, Governor Romney invoked your name. Do you believe Governor Romney raising fees a quarter-billion dollars is equivalent to raising taxes?

WINNER Well, I'm sure the -- those people that had to pay it did -- (chuckles) -- I would imagine.

But look, I voted -- I voted on the tax cuts because I knew that unless we had spending under control, we were going to face a disaster. We let spending get completely out of control. Of course, those tax cuts have to remain -- remain permanent, otherwise people experience a tax increase.

We let spending get out of control. We Republicans lost an election -- we lost an election because of the bridge to nowhere and the fact that we presided over the biggest increase in the size of government that with -- since the "Great Society." We -- we let it get out of control. And the fact is that if we had had the spending restraints that I proposed, we would be talking about more tax cuts today. We would be talking about more tax cuts. The trust and confidence in our base was eroded. I will restore that trust and confidence because I will restrain spending along with further tax cuts. And I'm very proud of my record.

And if you look at those organizations that grade people -- such as the National Taxpayers Union, the Citizens Against Government Waste, Citizens for a Sound Economy, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce -- my record is very, very high for a consistent record of being a fiscal conservative, a record that I'm very proud of.

MODERATOR Our time --

WINNER But I'm going to stop the pork barrel spending, and we're not going to have any more "Bridges to Nowhere."

MODERATOR Senator, our time is up.

Congressman Paul, you often have a different view of these issues. So I'll ask a vastly different question. Does government -- should government, in your view, have any role at all in stimulating the economy like this?

LOSER Well, sure, indirectly. They shouldn't stimulate it by interfering in the market rate of interest. That's where our basic problem comes from. And when you do that, you get into these problems, and then everybody wants to solve the problem by printing more money and spending more money and asking the Federal Reserve to, you know, lower interest rates. And that just makes the problem that much worse.

The government does have a responsibility, but it's supposed to lower taxes, get rid of regulations, and devise a monetary policy that makes some -- makes some sense.

But to continue to say that we just appropriate more money, which is more deficit, and then expect us either to borrow it or expect the Federal Reserve to monetize it, it makes our problems worse.

Just look at what's happening today. The dollar is crashing. And why -- and -- and -- and Tim there suggests that we -- we think of the economy, but not in foreign policy. You can't do that. They're -- they're one and the same. That's where all the money's going. We're spending nearly a trillion dollars a year overseas maintaining this empire.

And then there's never been a war fought without inflation and destruction and devaluation of a currency. And this is what we're doing today to ourselves, is we're literally spending ourselves into oblivion.

But nobody here is willing to even suggest that we cut something overseas. But we have to. We don't need to cut anything here at home. I'd like to see things frozen. I'd like to see massive tax cuts. But we need deregulation. I was one of three people that voted against Sarbanes-Oxley. I knew that would be a problem, and it is a problem for the financial markets.

So this is the kind of thing we need. We need the government out of the way, but it should have sound money, low taxes, less regulations, and a sensible policy where we're not wasting our money overseas.

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you.

Mayor Giuliani, next question goes to you. A story right out of the news over the last several days. Many big brand-name banks in this country -- Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, to name two of them -- have gone overseas, it's been said, hat in hand looking for these cash infusions, up to $20 billion literally to stay afloat, looking for money from governments of Abu Dhabi, Japan, Korea, Saudi Prince Alwaleed, whose money you turned away in New York after 9/11.

The question is -- and I know you know a lot of these people at Wall Street firms, the big New York banks -- is there something, even though it's money to say afloat, fundamentally un-American in what's going on?

LOSER Well, first of all, let's distinguish it from the presentation of the $10 million check. That was a very different circumstance. The prince came to Ground Zero. At the request of the White House, I took him there to show him the devastation, I think in part to see how much of an alliance we could get and how much empathy we could get and how much support we could get.

He presented me with a $10 million check for the Twin Towers Fund, and I took it.

And then an hour or so later, he -- I found out he issued a press release attacking American foreign policy, and saying that American foreign policy and American support for Israel was one of the causes of it. And I gave him the check back because I thought, and so did the people that advised me -- they thought of it as blood money. That's a different circumstance than an investment in a private institution.

America is in a global economy. That's what we are; that's where we are. We have to look carefully at investments to make sure they're honest, to make sure they're transparent, to make sure there's no other hidden motivation behind it. But we are engaged in the global economy. And when countries invest in the United States, there's a mutuality of interest that's developed that is helpful to us.

Remember, back in the '80s, all of the discussion and worry about Japanese investment? I think they even bought your building, right?

Rockefeller Plaza.

LOSER Well, there was a big worry that it was going to become a Japanese building, and it all changed. What happened? It all worked its way into the economy. Japan and the United States became even closer friends. They're one of our strongest allies now.

I'm pretty much in favor of trade and I'm pretty much in favor of free trade.

You've got to be careful when you have investments like this that there's no ulterior motive. But if there isn't, then this is a good thing. And we should be considering what we should be selling to them. We should be very aggressive about the global economy. Americans should be thinking about how much can we sell to the rest of the world and how much can we invest in them as they're investing in us?

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, time up.

MODERATOR The Wall Street News and NBC News asked people all across the country in our poll today, "Which party would be better in dealing with the economy?" The Democrats had an 18-point advantage. With that in mind, and looking at the record over the last seven years, the unemployment rate in 2001 was 4.2; it's now 5.0. The debt was $5.7 trillion; it's now $9.2 trillion. There was a $261 billion surplus; there's now a $250 billion deficit. Gas was $1.47 a gallon; it's now $3.02.

Why should the American people continue a Republican in the White House with that kind of economic record? Senator McCain.

WINNER Because you can be sure, if you watch the Democrat debates, that they will increase spending, they will increase taxes, they will expand the size of government, and they will continue the spending spree which, to a large degree, the Republicans have greater responsibility.

I'll give you some straight talk. And they will not restore the stability of the entitlement programs, which are becoming more and more unfunded in their liabilities in the future. The Democrats have already run and told us they will increase our taxes. They will increase spending.

Look, the president of the United States signed into law, two years in a row, pork barrel-laden bills, $35 billion worth of pork, worth of earmarked projects which are outrageous. Now, we could have given a $1,000 tax credit for every child in America for that $35 billion. Instead we chose a bridge to nowhere.

I will, as president, veto every one of these big spending bills. I will impose some fiscal discipline. There is nothing that -- anything the Democrats have said except -- that I have seen except tax and tax, spend and spend, elect and elect.

We will clean up our act and we will regain the confidence of the American people as being careful stewards of our tax dollars, and we will fix this problem with having to borrow money from China, because then we will balance our budget, just like every governor in America has been required to do as well.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, George Bush has been president since 2001. The Republicans controlled Congress for most of those years, losing control in 2006. With this economic scorecard, why should the American people keep the Republicans in charge?

LOSER Well, Tim, let me remind you, I wasn't in Washington during all this time, so that's one of the reasons they ought to give me a chance since I wasn't there messing this up.

MODERATOR So you do think that President Bush and the Republicans in Congress did not measure up.

LOSER I don't think you can blame all of this on President Bush. The president also has done, I think, a fine job of making sure that the focus of his White House was also keeping us safe.

But let's look at those economic issues. A few months ago, when we were all in Dearborn, Michigan, your network was the sponsor with CNBC and MSNBC, and every one of us were asked, "How's the economy doing?" every one of my colleagues said, "It's doing great," and they gave all the numbers.

When they came to me, I know people acted like I was the only guy at the U.N. without a headset that night. But the truth is, I was the only guy on that stage who said it may be doing great if you're at the top. But if you talk to the people at the bottom of the economy, the people who are handling the bags, the people who are serving the food, you get a very different picture, because their health care costs are up dramatically.

The cost to educate their children are up. And the cost of their fuel has way outstripped any wage increase they've had.

Now, often we hear people talk about trickle-down economics, that if you have a wonderful surge in the economy that it eventually works it way down to all sectors. But there's another issue, too there is a trickle-up impact when the economy begins to go sour. And if you pay attention to the people who are the single moms and the working people who barely get from paycheck to paycheck, you'd find out months in advance that this economy was headed for a downward turn. And that's what I think people need in the president, is somebody who understands the totality of the American family and not just the folks at the top.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, higher deficits, higher debt, higher unemployment, higher gas prices. Is that the kind of Republican record you want to run on?

LOSER I'm not going to run on that record, I'll tell you that. I'm going to run on my own record. I'm going to run on my record of having been in the private sector for 25 years, my record for having helped turn around the Olympics, my record as the governor of Massachusetts. I'll run on that record of accomplishment.

MODERATOR Will you run away from this record?

LOSER What I'll do is I'll run away from the record of Washington.

You see, Washington is fundamentally broken. Washington has made promises to us over the last decade that they just haven't been able to fulfill. You can go down the list. They said they'd solve the problem of Social Security; they haven't. They said they'd rein in spending; we got all sorts of people -- almost every congressman and senator says they're going to cut spending, cut those earmarks, cut that -- that mentality in Washington, but somehow every year more and more and more money goes in.

They said they'd live by high ethics. They haven't.

They said they'd solve the problem of illegal immigration. They haven't.

They said they'd get us off of foreign oil. They haven't.

Issue after issue that's been raised over the past couple -- three decades have been -- those have been spoken about, and Washington has failed to deliver. And I'm not --

MODERATOR Both parties?

LOSER Both parties. And change is going to have to begin with us, in our party. We're the party of change. We are the party of fiscal responsibility, and when Republicans act like Democrats, America loses. And you've seen that over the last several years.

We're going to have to make sure that we rein in spending. It's not just the -- we -- we all agree on the -- the earmarks and the pork barrel spending and the "Bridge to Nowhere." That's -- that's an easy one to take a shot at. But the big one is entitlements and reining in entitlement costs, and that's -- that's where the big dollars are.

And then you go on to say how are we going to bring down taxation, because we have the highest tax rate, next to Japan, in the world. That's -- that hurts our economy.

What you're seeing in a weakening dollar, in a declining stock market, in -- in foreign countries coming here to -- to buy into our banks, you're seeing an underground -- the foundation of our economy being shaken by the fact that we haven't been doing the job that needs to be done in Washington. And I'm going to Washington to change Washington.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, time is up.

Mayor Giuliani, we can give you 30 seconds. You wanted in on this.

LOSER I'm the only one who's actually turned around a government economy. I mean, the reality is when I became mayor of New York the economy of New York was in very, very bad shape -- tremendous deficits, ten-and-a-half percent unemployment, 300,000 jobs gone. We turned that around, cut unemployment by more than half, brought in 450,000 new jobs, and we cut taxes by 17 percent. And we did it based on growth principles, exactly the principles that are in the growth package that was introduced in Congress yesterday, which the Club for Growth said is the best stimulus for growth they've seen in a very long time. I've had the experience to do this in the 17th-largest economy in the world, and I can do it for the country.

MODERATOR Mayor, thank you.

Congressman Paul, please take 30 seconds of your own.

LOSER Well, you know, I think that we can't run on that program. I think what we have to run on is an old-fashioned Republican program.

I can't be identified with this. I'm known as the taxpayer's best friend; I've never voted for a tax increase and I voted for the least amount of spending. So I'm not part of that crowd.

But what we need to do is -- is reinstate Republican principles. Then we could run on it. But we have drifted a long way from that, and that is because of all these programs.

But there was never my participation in this. I was waving a flag the whole time saying, slow up, slow up; this -- this isn't going well. And here we are. We're at the verge of bankruptcy.

We're -- we're moving into a new era, believe it or not. With the dollar and our economy and the world economy, this is a new era.

MODERATOR Congressman, time is up.

As promised, our colleague Paul Tash, the editor of the St. Petersburg Times, has been very patient with us. We're going to go to some of the questions that have been sent in locally for the candidates.

Paul?

TASH Senator McCain, this question comes to us from William Harper of Bayonet Point, Florida. Our military leaders tell us that our Army is on the verge of breaking. And our economic experts tell us that we cannot sustain our economy (due to ?) deficit spending. Both tell us we cannot sustain our present efforts in Iraq.

You have stated that you would leave troops in Iraq for an indefinite period. How will you do this, both militarily and economically? Please, no generalities.

WINNER I know of no military leader, including General Petraeus, who says we can't sustain our effort in Iraq. So you're wrong. The fact is, we are succeeding in Iraq. We're going back down to previous levels, and we will be able to withdraw troops over time if we succeed.

If we do what Senator Clinton said that she wanted to do night before last, and that's wave the white flag of surrender and set a date of withdrawal, then we will have expenses, my friends, in American blood and treasure, because al Qaeda will then have won.

We are succeeding in Iraq, and every indicator is that, and we will reduce casualties and gradually eliminate them. Anybody who doesn't understand that it's not American presence, it's American casualties. We have American troops all over the world today and nobody complains about it because we're defending freedom.

That's one of the obligations of being the world's superpower.

I'm proud to be the only one on this stage that said that we have to abandon the Rumsfeld strategy and we have to adopt the strategy that is succeeding, and that's happened. I'm the only one that said that. It is succeeding. And we will be able to reduce our costs, and we will be able to have a stable Middle East, where our vital national interests, national security interests are at stake.

And I'm so proud of the job that the men and women in the military are doing there, and they don't want us to raise the white flag of surrender, like Senator Clinton does. They know we can win. And their message to you and to me is, let us win.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, thank you.

Governor Romney, retired four-star U.S. Army General Barry McCaffrey is just back from one of his many trips, from Iraq, and has written a report that, an after-action report on his findings. This sentence stood out. The U.S. Army is too small and poorly resourced to continue successful counterinsurgency operations in Iraq and Afghanistan at the current level.

The question, Governor, is, how do you double the size of it, from 400,000 to 800,000, as the general recommends in here, without a draft?

LOSER Well, I'm recommending that we add 100,000 active- duty personnel to our military. We're right now at about 1.5 million. Take that up to about 1.6 million.

We found in our state that we were losing enrollees for the National Guard at about 6 percent per year. And the legislature and I got together and passed something called the Welcome Home Bill. We said, you know what; if you'll sign up for the National Guard, we'll pay for your entire education for four years.

We put in some other benefits as well -- life insurance and other features that we decided to pay for. And the result of that was, the next year enrollments went up 30 percent. And so if we want more people to sign up for the military, we have to improve the deal.

And -- and frankly, our GI Bill has gotten a little old. We need to update our funding level for that, so that young people who go into the military get a full ride as they come home and get to go into college.

But let me step back also and just talk about what we saw the other night with the Democratic debate, as we think about the commitment that needs to be made to Iraq and Afghanistan. It is simply unthinkable that the Democrats would have said at that debate, when they were asked, "What's more important to you, that we get out or that we win," that with their answer -- they wouldn't answer it directly, but with each of their answer, it was very clear getting out was their only objective, just get out as fast as you can, regardless of the consequences. And that's simply wrong. We cannot turn Iraq over to al Qaeda and have al Qaeda have a safe haven from which they could recruit people to carry out bombings, to attack this country and our friends around the world. It's unthinkable. And that's why I will not walk away from Iraq until we have been successful and finish that job.

And one more thing. What -- what an audacious and arrogant thing for the Democrats to say, as Hillary Clinton did, that they are responsible for the progress that the surge has seen, by virtue of their trying to pull out so quickly.

Look, the success over there is due to the -- the blood and the courage of our servicemen and -women, and to General Petraeus and to President Bush, not to General Hillary Clinton.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you. Tim. (Applause.)

MODERATOR The Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll today, the highest percentage ever of Americans -- six in 10 -- said that the removal of Saddam Hussein from power was not worth the price we have paid in blood and treasure. Every Democratic -- (applause) -- excuse me. Excuse me, please. The Democratic nominee will go to the country and say the war in Iraq is a bad idea not worth the price in blood and treasure, and we should get out.

I want each of you to take 30 seconds. Will you go to the country, Senator McCain, and say the war was a good idea worth the price in blood and treasure, and we will stay?

WINNER It was worth getting rid of Saddam Hussein. He had used weapons of mass destruction, and it's clear that he was hell-bent on acquiring them.

The problem was not the invasion of Iraq; the problem was the mishandling of Iraq for nearly four years by Rumsfeld. And again, I railed against that. I was criticized by Republicans. There were others that -- that called for a phased or secret withdrawal.

The war in Iraq is justified because of the threat of Saddam Hussein.

It was the mishandling of the war. Now we're on the right track. Now we are succeeding. And if we withdraw and if we decide that we have to get out of there, I guarantee you al Qaeda will be trumpeting to the world that they have defeated the United States of America --

MODERATOR But Senator, my question is, was the --

WINNER (Inaudible) -- my answer.

MODERATOR -- was the war a good idea, worth the price in blood and treasure?

WINNER It was a good idea. It was not worth the failures that happened, but it is worth it at the end of the day because we will have peace and success in the Middle East, and our men and women will return, and return with honor, and they won't have to go back and fight al Qaeda there.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, was the war a good idea and worth the price in blood and treasure?

LOSER It's very, very interesting the way you put that question is with a poll, because when the polls were six and seven out of 10 Americans thinking it was a good idea, Hillary Clinton was in favor of the war. And now when the polls are six out of 10 are against, Hillary Clinton is against the war.

MODERATOR What does Rudy Giuliani think?

LOSER I was for it when six out of 10 were for it; I'm for it when six out of 10 are against it. I'm for it not because of polls but because America is in a war, an Islamic terrorist war against us. America has to succeed in Iraq. And the goal in Iraq is an Iraq that's stable and an ally of the United States. And to be president of the United States, you have to be able to read polls, but you can't have them push you around.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, was the war a good idea, worth the blood and treasure that we have spent?

LOSER It was a very bad idea, and it wasn't worth it. (Cheers, applause.) The al Qaeda wasn't there then; they're there now. There were no weapons of mass destruction. Had nothing to do with 9/11.

There was no aggression. This decision on policy was made in 1998 under the previous administration because they called for the removal of Saddam Hussein. It wasn't worth it, and it's a sad story because we started that war and we should never be a country that starts war needlessly.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, was the war a good idea, and is it worth the cost in blood and treasure?

LOSER I supported the president when he led us into this, as did the Democrats. And I think we owe him not a lot of scorn; we owe him our thanks that he had the courage to recognize there was a potential of weapons of mass destruction, and whether than wait until we had another attack, he went and made sure that it wasn't going to happen from Saddam Hussein.

Now, everybody can look back and say, oh, well, we didn't find the weapons. It doesn't mean they weren't there. Just because you didn't find every Easter egg didn't mean that it wasn't planted.

My point is that when the president acted, this country was united in believing it was a necessary thing to do. It's easy to second-guess a president. Whoever of us is elected, we'll be second- guessed, too. But I hope we have the courage and the resolve, once we commit to something, to make sure that we don't back away just because the polls say we should.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, was the war in Iraq a good idea worth the cost in blood and treasure we have spent?

LOSER It was the right decision to go into Iraq. I supported it at the time; I support it now.

It was not well managed in the -- after the takedown of Saddam Hussein and his military. That was done brilliantly, an extraordinary success. But in the years that followed, it was not well -- we were undermanaged, underprepared, underplanned, understaffed, and then we come into the phase that we have now. The plan that President Bush and General Petraeus put together is working. It's changing lives there.

And perhaps most importantly, it's making sure that al Qaeda and no other group like them is becoming a superpower, if you will, in the communities, and having a safe haven from which they launch attacks against us.

It's critical for us. When we think about debating the Democrats, they might want to go back and talk about what happened at the beginning. But the most important issue is what do we do now, and their just run and retreat regardless of the consequences is going to be a real problem for them when they face a debate with a Republican on the stage.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, thanks. Time is up.

As we go to a break, two quick notes. We've asked members of the audience prior to going on the air tonight to not applaud, no outbursts of any kind. We're going to have to repeat that request.

Number two, we have embedded in tonight's broadcast two short commercial breaks to give everyone in here a break. We're going to take the first of those now. When we come back in the next segment, the candidates will ask each other the questions. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back in Boca Raton, Florida, where we just now have a quorum back on stage. Our candidates are assembled, and we are going to begin the second segment of tonight's debate, where the candidates can ask the fellow candidate of their choice a question. The answer falls into the 90-second category, in the exigency that a rebuttal is required, those again moderator's discretion for 30 seconds.

We're going to start this round with Governor Romney.

LOSER I think Governor Huckabee raised a good question when he spoke about China and the impact of China. I think what you're seeing in the world is that as the emergence of Asia occurs, that the demand for more oil around the world is driving prices very high. The Chinese are supplying to us today toys and Christmas tree ornaments and dog food, but they're going to want to make jumbo jets and patents for various medicines and software. They're going to be a much tougher competition, China is, competitor, than we have seen from Europe in a long time.

And the question that I have is, how are we going to make sure that as we compete with China, and I'm going to address this to Mayor Giuliani, as we compete with China, how do we make sure that trade is done in a way that levels the playing field? How do we make sure that China stabilizes the world economically, but that we protect American industry and American jobs, and do not cause a departure of jobs from this country? What kind of relations do we need to have with China economically?

I know our military issues but economically, Mayor, what kinds of things do you think we can do to make sure that the trade is done at a level playing field, and where American industries are strengthened and not put in jeopardy by virtue of the growth of this great part of the world?

LOSER Before, I told you I wasn't going to answer your question. (Laughter.) But I will. We were kidding around about the questions before, who was going to ask whom.

The reality is that China is a great opportunity for America and a great caution for America, both. It's a great opportunity for us to engage, to engage in trade, and the more America engages in trade, the more we get to know a country, the less likely we are to have military hostilities.

I think we should be working with China to try to push down some of these barriers; protection for intellectual property; rule of law; an ability to sue in China, so that you can be protected if you're doing business there. We've got to be very careful about what we import from China, from the point of view of safety and security, not as much from the point of view of our economy.

And then I think we have to look at the rise of China as a wonderful opportunity. I see 20 (million) or 30 million people coming out of poverty in China every year. To me, that's 20 (million) or 30 million more customers for the United States. That's 20 (million) or 30 million more people we can be selling things to.

We should be thinking like aggressive entrepreneurial Americans. What can we sell to China? We can sell them energy independence. They need it more than we do. We can sell them health processes. We can sell them information processes. They are at a level of development that's here. We're at a higher level of development. They need to buy what we have.

And then I believe there's a military aspect to it as well. I think we should increase the size of our military substantially to overcome the damage that Bill Clinton did with the peace dividend, because when the two of you were talking about the military, what I wanted to jump in and say was, a lot of the cause of this was Bill Clinton's peace dividend, in which he cut the military 25 and 30 percent.

We've never redone or did up -- made up for that damage.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER We have to do that.

MODERATOR Time, Mr. Mayor.

And a reminder to our candidates. Number one, these are questions to each other. And number two, please use the blinking lights as your guide to when time is up.

Senator McCain, your turn to ask a question of one of your colleagues.

WINNER Governor Huckabee, you have been one of the strongest and most persuasive proponents of the so-called fair tax. And it is -- I must tell you, every town hall meeting I have, there's somebody that shows up with a T-shirt on and there's enormous groundswell for it.

How do you answer the criticism that a flat-out just sales tax wouldn't cause lower-income Americans more of the pain and the burden of running our government and paying for its operations? How do you respond to that particular criticism of it? And also, how do you account for the resonance that this proposal has gotten throughout the nation?

LOSER Well, the reason that it's getting resonance is because people would love to see the IRS abolished. They know, as Dr. Phil might say We've had it since 1913; how's that working out for us? It's not working out so well. The fact is we're penalized for productivity in this country. The harder you work, the more you earn, the more the IRS and the government wants from you.

What the Fair Tax does is says, we want you to earn; we want you to save and we want you to buy things and sell things and make a profit. Republicans ought to embrace the Fair Tax, as should Democrats, because it stops this nonsense and goes to the common sense of the idea that we should encourage people to work and get something for it.

(Cross talk.)

Now, on the bottom end of the spectrum, here's the thing. A lot of people have never read the entire Fair Tax because when I first heard about the Fair Tax, the consumption tax, quite frankly it sounds like it would be oppressive and regressive to the poor. The poor come out best of all because of the provision in the Fair Tax called the prebate in which every American, each month, is given the amount of the Fair Tax back up to the level of poverty. Everybody gets it, not just those under the level of poverty.

It actually untaxes the poor, untaxes the elderly. It makes sure that we don't end up paying taxes on groceries and medicine and the basic necessities of life. And for each third of the economy, there is a benefit, about a 14 percent benefit for those at the bottom; those in the middle, about a 7 percent; even those at the very top end of the economy end up with about a 5 percent benefit.

Everybody gets in the economy -- no more underground economy. Drug dealers, prostitutes, pimps, gamblers, non-Republicans -- (laughter) -- all of those people out there will be paying taxes. Nobody's working under the table.

And so you have now a broad base in which you're receiving the money. And it's a completely different, transparent tax system, as opposed to the one now, where about 22 percent of our products we buy, the tax is hidden into it.

Corporations don't pay tax; they build that cost in, pass it on to the consumer.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER And what's killing the American economy is that embedded tax and the invisibility of the tax. That's why I support the Fair Tax.

MODERATOR Governor, time is -- Governor?

LOSER I want to -- I want to put the IRS out of business.

MODERATOR Governor, there's a real issue of enforceability. I want to ask a follow-up. The Citizens for Tax Justice say that 93 percent of Americans in effect pay less than 15 percent tax right now. You're imposing a 30 percent sales tax. How does that help the 93 percent of Americans who are paying 15 percent or less right now?

LOSER Well, first of all, Tim, it's 23 percent if we were to break even.

And they're not paying 15 percent; that's in their visible tax in the terms of the takeout from their checks. When you include the built-in tax, the embedded tax in the products we buy that corporations build in, the average American is paying 33 percent in his or her taxes. The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government. It would be a dramatic difference if the taxpayers got to choose the taxes, which they would do under the Fair Tax.

I think most of us realize that there's got to be a better system. The one we have now is irreparably broken. It's chased jobs. Now we have $12 trillion of working capital moved offshore because our tax system has chased it away.

MODERATOR Time for the rebuttal is up.

Congressman Paul, a question for one of your colleagues on stage.

LOSER My -- my question is for Senator McCain.

This is an economic question that I wanted to ask. It has to do with the President's Working Group on Financial Markets.

I'd like to know what your opinion is of this and whether you would keep it in place, what their role would be, or you would get rid of this group. And if you kept the group, would you make sure we would see some sunlight and know what they're doing and how they're being involved in our markets?

WINNER Well, obviously we'd like to see more sunshine.

But I as president, as every other president, rely primarily on my secretary of the Treasury, on my Council of Economic Advisers, on the head of that. I would rely on the circle that I have developed over many years of people like Jack Kemp, Phil Gramm, Warren Rudman, Pete Peterson and the Concord group. I have a process of leadership, Ron, that is sort of an inclusive one that I have developed, a circle of acquaintances and people that are supporters and friends of mine who I have worked with for many, many years.

LOSER So you'd get rid of the group?

WINNER You remember back in 1982 when Phil Gramm -- Phil Gramm and Warren Rudman and Gramm-Latta and all of those people got the first real tax cuts done, the real -- first real restraints in taxes. I was there. You were there. And I rely on those people to a much larger degree than any, quote, "formal" organization, although the secretary of Treasury is obviously one of the key and important posts that I would have.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you.

Governor Huckabee.

LOSER Mitt, I'd like to ask you a question that came up during your interview with Tim Russert on "Meet the Press," and it has to with the Second Amendment. You have indicated that you support Second Amendment, but on that interview, you indicated that you also supported a ban on so-called -- and I use the term "so-called" -- assault weapons and supported Brady.

For many of us who are strong adherents of the Second Amendment, that's not quite consistent, to say you're for Brady and so-called assault gun ban, but supported the Second Amendment, because we see that -- that's really a denial of the Second Amendment. I'd appreciate some clarification on do you support Brady, do you support the assault weapon ban, and your position on exactly what restrictions government should put on Second Amendment rights.

LOSER I do support the Second Amendment, and I believe that this is an individual right of citizens and not a right of government. And I hope the Supreme Court reaches that same conclusion.

I also, like the president, would have signed the assault weapon ban that came to his desk. I said I would have supported that and signed a similar bill in our state. It was a bill worked out, by the way, between pro-gun lobby and anti-guy lobby individuals. Both sides of the issue came together and found a way to provide relaxation in licensing requirements and allow more people to -- to have guns for their own legal purposes. And so we signed that in Massachusetts, and I said I'd -- I would would support that at the federal level, just as the president said he would. It did not pass at the federal level.

I do not believe we need new legislation.

I do not support any new legislation of an assault weapon ban nature, including that against semiautomatic weapons. I instead believe that we have laws in place that, if they're implemented and enforced, will provide the protection and the safety of the American people. But I do not support any new legislation, and I do support the right of individuals to bear arms, whether for hunting purposes or for protection purposes or any other reasons. That's the right that people have.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, a question for one of the candidates.

LOSER I have a question for Governor Romney.

Governor, people in Florida, as you know, traveling back and forth across the state as I have, are having real difficulties getting property insurance. Some of them can't afford it. For some it's not accessible at all. They're living in these homes already and they may lose their homes. And, added to the other burdens now in our economy, this is a really very difficult burden.

Senator McCain has said that he does not support a national catastrophic fund as a backstop. I do. I believe it's necessary. I believe it can be done in a way that is responsible and in a way that ultimately would actually cost the government less money. Senator McCain believes that FEMA should handle this.

WINNER Who's answering this question? (Laughter.)

LOSER Well, you can answer it too, John.

WINNER Thank you.

LOSER Okay.

Now, you've said that -- I'm not sure exactly the position that you took on it, and you said you were going to talk to the insurance companies and get their advice. And I wonder if you have come to a position on it, because I think this is something that is important to the people of Florida. Do you have a position on the national catastrophic fund? Yes? No? And what qualifications?

LOSER The answer is yes, I do support some kind of national catastrophic effort to make sure that people can get homeowner's insurance that protects them against flood or hurricane or tornado or whatever natural disaster might occur, or man-made disaster in some cases.

We had the problem not just in Florida, but we also had the problem in Massachusetts. Those poor folks that are snow birds, that go from Massachusetts to Florida, see it in both states, because people who live along the coastline across the Atlantic have the same problem. Getting homeowner's insurance is oftentimes almost impossible.

And so what we're going to have to do, as you just indicated, we're going to have to work together to create a program that gets people in high-risk areas insured. Now, I'm not in favor of saying that the people in Iowa should have to subsidize the people in Massachusetts or the people in Florida -- that doesn't make a lot of sense -- but to have those states that are in high-risk areas come together and say, "How do we organize an effort on a national basis that actuarially deals with the differences between different states and the different risks they face and make sure that we have a backstop behind the private insurance industry?"

That makes a lot of sense, and that's something which I -- well, frankly, I took on tough problems like that in health insurance. People thought it was impossible to get everybody health insurance. And I got a group of people together from the industry, from government, from academics. We came together and we found a way to get everybody insured with private free-market health insurance. And I want to do the same thing with regards to --

LOSER But in that case, you used mandates, and you're not in favor of mandates for the country.

LOSER Well, that's a whole different question, so we'll come back and talk about our health insurance plan.

MODERATOR We are --

LOSER But I do support an effort to get everybody some form of catastrophic coverage. And it may be a public-private partnership between private insurance industries and the federal government. It may be done with the states. But I'll bring together the governors of all 50 states, as well as leadership in Washington, as well as industry representatives, to say, "What's the right way to fashion this that makes the most sense for the people of America?"

MODERATOR Time is up.

Senator McCain, I did hear your name embedded in that question.

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Do you want to -- take 30 seconds for a rebuttal, please.

WINNER Well, frankly, it takes a little more than 30 seconds. But this is a terrible problem, not only here in Florida but across the states that are subject to hurricanes. And as more and more violent weather patterns take place, people's homes are more and more in jeopardy.

We've got to address this issue. We can address it regionally. We can address it with the governors and the legislatures working with the federal government to have insurance spread across state lines, increasing the risk pool. We can reform insurance. We can -- there are so many things that we can do, and we have to sit down together and figure it out.

Now, the bill that passed through the House of Representatives was $200 billion -- no insurance reform whatsoever associated with it, no way to pay for it, and that burden is shared by everybody. We -- we can sit down together -- I will call the regulators, the governors and the legislators together, and we will work together, and we will provide every American that's in jeopardy particularly of hurricanes to have the insurance that they need and deserve. I'm confident we can do it together working with the insurance companies, not setting up another huge federal bureaucracy of $200 billion which still nobody has said how you're going to pay for.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I have a follow-up on a potential catastrophe. Florida has 1,200 miles of beautiful coast which can be threatened with climate change, global warming, in a major way, as the world's population goes from 6 billion to 9 billion and the level of greenhouse gases doubles over the next 20 to 30 years. And yet you are against a mandatory cap on greenhouse gases. Why?

LOSER The very best way to do it is to support the technologies that are alternatives that can save the environment, and to get us to the point where those technologies can actually take over.

We haven't -- we haven't licensed a nuclear power plant in 30 years. France is 80 percent nuclear; we're 20 percent nuclear, we're going down to 15 percent nuclear. We have to crack through there.

We need to expand the use of hybrid vehicles.

We need to expand the use of clean coal. Carbon sequestration is expensive, but it's a process that works.

We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia. I prefer incentives for these new industries. Same thing is true with biofuels.

We should expand biofuels, the way Brazil has done. We should expand wind, solar, hydroelectric. We should expand natural gas, liquid natural gas. We should have a project like putting the man on a moon, the way we did back in the '50s and '60s.

It should be a major national project, to be energy independent. That's a matter of national security. It's also the best way, the very best way, to protect against global warming.

Just think about this. If we did everything we could, we put all these caps on, all these negative incentives on, we would crush American industry. And China and India would be sending out more greenhouse gases than we could ever match.

You've got to solve it as a world problem. You cannot solve it just in the United States. It needs new industries, new ideas. They're there. They need to be supported, and you have to do this in a positive way, not a negative way.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you are in favor of mandatory caps.

WINNER No, I am in favor of cap-and-trade. And Joe Lieberman and I, one of my favorite Democrats and I, have proposed that it's, and we did the same thing with acid rain. They're doing it in Europe now, although not very well.

And all we are saying is, look, you can reduce your greenhouse gas emissions; you earn a credit. Somebody else is going to increase theirs; you can sell it to them.

And meanwhile we have a gradual reduction in greenhouse gas emissions.

We need a global agreement, but it has to include India and China. We need to go back to nuclear power. We cannot be dependent on $400 billion a year paying for foreign oil. There's a nexus here.

But climate change, in my view, is real. It can affect states like Florida dramatically because I think it has to do with violent weather changes, as well.

But I am confident, I am confident American technology can -- and the embrace of green technologies, many of the things that Rudy just talked about, and nuclear power being one of them -- we can reduce these greenhouse gas emissions.

And suppose that we are wrong and there's no such thing as climate change and we hand our kids a cleaner world. But suppose we are right and do nothing. I think that's a challenge for America. We can meet it.

MODERATOR Time is up, Senator.

Time is up, in fact, for this segment. We'll take one more break. When we come back, that will take us the rest of the way tonight with the Republican candidates for president from Boca Raton, Florida.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR We are back in Boca Raton, Florida. Tonight our final segment will be going the rest of the way in our 90-minute debate tonight among the Republican candidates for the nomination.

To resume the questioning, we'll go to you, Mayor Giuliani. Say what you will about polls and their accuracy these days, our latest NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll shows you having gone, in the space of 10 months, from a positive rating of 58 percent to your current low of 29 percent today. And if you cast aside the polls, your last three finishes have been sixth, fourth and sixth. What has happened to your campaign?

LOSER This has become a very competitive race, and I always expected it would be a very competitive race. And I believe that I'm going to have the same faith that the New York Giants had last week -- (laughter) -- and we're going to come from behind and surprise everyone. We have them all lulled into a very false sense of security now. We're going to -- (laughter) -- (chuckles) -- when -- when -- when Mitt Romney asked me a question, notice he asked me a very nice question. So I think I lulled him into a false sense of security. (Laughter.) And we are going to come from behind, we're going to win here in Florida, and if you look at the races that are coming up after that, I think we're -- we're in good shape.

You know, this is -- these are terrific candidates. They're all running very, very good races. I always expected it would be very close. And I think, as it all got down to it, everyone is going to have a chance, and I think we're going to do very well here in Florida, and I think we're going to do very well on February 5th, and I believe that I'll get the nomination.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, next question to you. In an interview with our friend Steve Scully over at C-SPAN, your mother, who has come up in the campaign once or twice at the age of 95, your mother Roberta said that the Republican party is going to have to, quote, "hold its nose" and pick you, her son, as the nominee. (Laughter, cross talk.)

In all seriousness, and moms get a special exemption, it's a notable quote, because she expresses a view you hear around the GOP, because you haven't voted with your party on some core stances like taxes and judges and immigration and campaign reform. How do you expect to unite a party behind you?

WINNER In all due respect, Brian, I love the way you throw all those together. I'm so proud of my record on judges, that those of us who got together and got Justice Alito and Roberts and so many judges together. And I won't go list by list there, point by point.

But look, I won the majority of Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina. Most conservative Republicans' major concern is the threat of radical Islamic extremism. I'm making my case that I can make American safe and safer -- I can restore trust and confidence -- and that I can make the needed changes to have the fundamentals of our economy, which are still strong, bring us through this difficult times.

Conservative Republicans are also concerned about climate change that we just mentioned because of their belief in their stewardship of this planet and our stewardship. There's many people who are concerned and have a priority of the -- the independence of the state of Israel. They know that I know how to keep Israel independent as well.

So I'm proud of the broad base of support. I will continue to work in every way to show people that I have a very, very conservative record. I'm proud to be a conservative -- a conservative. But there are times, like when Rumsfeld's strategy was going wrong, I was criticized by Republicans. When I opposed the "Bridge to Nowhere," that was a Republican policy. When I went after Jack Abramoff, there were people who were Republicans who suffered from that. When I saved the taxpayers $6 billion in a bogus tanker deal, that was a Republican policy deal there. So there are times -- and the reason why I've had such strong support amongst independents is because they know that I'll put my country above my party every single time, and I'm proud to be a conservative.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. (Applause.)

Tim.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, as has become apparent over the last few weeks, if Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee, she'll be running as a team with her husband. Specifically -- specifically, how would you run against Hillary and Bill Clinton in November? (Laughter.)

LOSER I frankly can't wait, because the idea of Bill Clinton back in the White House with nothing to do is something I just can't imagine. I can't imagine the American people can imagine. And -- (laughter) -- and I --

MODERATOR What does that mean?

LOSER I -- I just think that we want to have a president, not a whole -- a team of husband and wife thinking that they're going to run the country, and instead you want to elect a president.

But I'm not going to run on the basis of Bill Clinton. If Hillary Clinton is the nominee, it's going to be Hillary Clinton. It's going to be her position and her postures on -- on a whole series of issues. And frankly, she is so out of step with the American people on everything from taxes -- she wants to raise taxes. She has a plan for health care. Her health care plan, quite simply, is one which says, look, we're going to give health insurance to everybody by the government. It's going to cost $110 billion more every single year -- trillion-plus dollars over 10 years. Her approach to the war in Iraq just get out as fast as you can. Just -- don't even think about the sacrifice that's been made or the need to keep al Qaeda from establishing safe havens. She is exactly what's wrong in Washington.

I said before Washington is broken. She is Washington to the core. She's been there too long. Bill Clinton's been there too long. The last thing America needs is sending the Clintons back to Washington. Look, sending the same people back to Washington expecting a different result is not going to get America on track, and I'm going to make sure that we strengthen this country and we do it the old-fashioned Republican way -- the Ronald Reagan way of pulling together economic conservatives, social conservatives and foreign policy/national defense conservatives. I speak to those three groups. I will pull them together. That's how we'll win the election, and that's also how we're going to keep the country strong and vibrant.

MODERATOR Another quick question. People observing this race in Florida have been somewhat amazed by the number of television ads you've been running. Can you tell the voters of Florida and Republicans across the country, how much of your own money have you spent on this race so far?

LOSER In Florida? We'll report that on the -- on the 31st of January as required by law, and probably not a minute earlier. You'll just have to wait, Tim.

MODERATOR But why not tell the voters of Florida and across the country how much of your own wealth you're spending so they can make a judgment and factor that into their -- their own decision?

LOSER Well, I'm not concerned about the voters. I'm much more concerned about the other guys on this stage. And we have some -- it's competitive information we make sure that we use for our own benefit.

But I can tell you this. I have raised more money than any other Republican in this race. Raised more. Friends of mine have come together, people I knew in high school, and helped raise money for me. So I've raised more money.

And I've also made a very substantial contribution. Not as much, by the way, as John Corzine did to become governor of New Jersey. Not as much as Steve Forbes did when he ran back some years ago. Certainly not as much as Mayor Bloomberg did in his race. But I made a substantial contribution. I can't imagine having gone to my friends and asked them to do what they've done, going out and raising money in my behalf, without saying I'm going to put some of my contributions behind this effort as well, because frankly, I think it's important.

And one thing's real clear. Given the contributions I made in this race, I know I owe no one anything. I don't have some group there that I have a special obligation to that raised money for me. I'm by far the biggest contributor to my own campaign. And people can count on the fact that there's no nobody that can call me and say, "Hey, look, you owe me," because they don't. I'm in this race because I want to make a difference for America.

MODERATOR Governor --

MODERATOR And immune from criticism that you're trying to buy the state of Florida or buy the nomination?

LOSER You know, this is always raised any time someone makes a contribution to their own campaign. And the answer is, I care very deeply about this. I've been successful in life, enough to be able to save enough money. And I'm using that money in a campaign for a presidency to try and change this country.

I'm concerned about the America my kids will inherit and their kids will inherit and the kids of the entire nation will inherit, and I want to make sure that we have a strong and vibrant nation. And I happen to think that at a time like this, we need someone whose life has been in the private sector, who knows how America works; not just how Washington works, but how America works.

MODERATOR Governor --

LOSER And for that reason, I'm giving it my all.

MODERATOR Governor, we've got an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll coming out in the morning that says, among a lot of other things, 44 percent of respondents say a Mormon president would have a difficult time uniting the country. And I know you've answered similar questions about what you were able to do with the Catholic vote in Massachusetts, but 44 percent nationally writ large is a large number.

LOSER You know, I just don't believe that people in this country are going to choose their -- their candidate based on which church he or she goes to. I just don't believe that.

And you know, polls ask people a lot of questions, and my faith isn't terribly well known around this country, but I don't think for a minute the American people are going to say, you know what, we're not going to vote for this guy for a secular position because of his church. I just don't believe it.

I think when the Constitution and the founders said no religious test shall ever be required for qualification for office or public trust in these United States that the founders meant just that. And I don't believe for a minute that Republicans, or Americans for that matter, are going to impose a religious test when the founders said it's as un-American as anything you can think of.

And so I believe that I'll ultimately get the nomination. I can't be sure of that, but I'm -- I'm pretty confident. And I believe in a head-to-head with Hillary Clinton the differences in our perspectives on how to get America going again and how to get us on the right track are as different as night and day. She takes her inspiration from the Europe of old, Big Brother, big government and big taxes. I take mine from Republican ideals small government, small taxes, individual freedom. I believe that free American people are the source of America's greatness.

And so I don't think you're going to see religion figuring into this race after people have had a chance to get to know all the candidates.

MODERATOR Dr. Paul -- Congressman Paul, I'd like to talk about Social Security. The last time you ran for president, a Libertarian Party candidate, you filled out a questionnaire asking about Social Security and you said, quote, "abolish it." There are 3.5 million people in Florida --

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR -- who rely on Social Security payments. Are you still in favor of abolishing Social Security?

LOSER Yes, but not overnight. As a matter of fact, my -- my program's the only one that is going to be able to take care of the elderly.

I'd like to get the young people out -- out of it, just the younger generation, because there's no money there, and they're going to have to pay 50 years and they're not going to get anything.

Now, I'm saying I'd take care of all the elderly, all those who are dependent, but I would save the money from this wild spending overseas. We can save hundreds of billions of dollars and still take care of the elderly. Right now they're getting behind because they're having a 10 to 12 percent inflation rate and we give them a 2 percent increase, and they're really hurting. I don't want taxes on the Social Security benefits that they receive. I have a bill in that would secure the trust fund, where none of that money could be spent in the -- in the general revenues.

So in many ways, though, the goal would be to get us out of this program that is a failure -- it doesn't work -- and is going to bankrupt this country; that the only way you can do that is save enough money, tide the people over, let the young people get out, because they're going to be paying all these years and they're not going to get anything.

So ironically, I, who defend the position that, you know, the federal government probably should have never been involved, I probably have the only program that would really help the elderly because the way we're going now, the money's not going to be there.

There's no way these cost-of-living increases are ever going to keep up with their, you know, their benefits are never going to keep up with their cost of living. They're decreasing. I say, my program has a better chance of helping them than any other one.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, said very straightforward If entitlement spending continues, as the baby boomers retire, from 40 million to 80 million on Social Security and Medicare, we will have to raise taxes by a third or cut all other programs, other than Medicare and Social Security, by half.

That is his testimony. What will you do specifically to save Social Security?

LOSER I'm going to address that but I want to first comment on Mitt's decision on the -- putting an extraordinary amount of money in the campaign.

First of all, let me say, you've got five exceptional sons I know you're very proud of. And you said you wanted them to inherit a great country, and I have a solution, Mitt, that I think will work. If the country will elect me president, they'll inherit a great country. And your boys will still get your money, too, and I think that would be a great answer. So I want to offer that as a solution tonight for inheritance.

On the Social Security question, one of the reasons that we're in trouble is because we have a smaller group of people paying into the Social Security system, fewer wage earners, more Americans getting their wealth from dividends and from investments.

So you have a shrinking supply -- you have 10,000 baby boomers a day getting into the system.

One of the reasons I'm a strong supporter of the Fair Tax is that you suddenly have a different funding stream for Social Security. It comes out of the general fund. So you now have a more reliable, a more stable and a much broader funding system that will supply Social Security.

MODERATOR But if you don't have a Fair Tax, which is highly unlikely, with --

LOSER Well, you know, everybody keeps talking about how unlikely it is.

MODERATOR But --

LOSER It was unlikely that we'd go to the moon.

MODERATOR All right, but if --

LOSER It was unlikely that we would have the Manhattan Project.

MODERATOR But specifically, what will you do --

LOSER Being president -- now, Tim, I just want to say everybody talks about how unlikely these things are. That's what's wrong in America. We're -- we're always talking about what we can't do. We need to be talking about what we can do, whether it's energy independence, whether it's passing a tax system that'll work. And I do believe when you have an economy that brings that $12 trillion that's parked offshore -- bring it back to this country, then you have a true economic stimulus, more people going back to work in America, people making wages, and that's where -- that's where we start seeing the capacity to pay for Social Security.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you are a big fan of Ronald Reagan. Will you do for Social Security what Ronald Reagan did in 1983?

LOSER I'm not going to raise taxes. What I'm going to do --

MODERATOR Well, Ronald Reagan raised the payroll tax, and he also raised the retirement age, and he saved Social Security with Alan Greenspan and Tip O'Neill and Bob Dole and Pat Moynihan.

LOSER Yeah --

MODERATOR Would you do what Ronald Reagan did?

LOSER No, I don't want to raise taxes. I've pointed out that -- that of the four ways to solve the -- the shortfall in Social Security, the worst idea is to raise taxes on the American people, because it has a double -- double whammy.

Not only are you taking money away from their pocketbooks, you're also slowing down the economy. You slow down the economy, more people lose work. More people lose work, of course, you're having a lot of folks that really have their lives turned upside down. So, raising taxes is just something you don't want to do.

The other -- there are three other ways that you can solve the problem of Social Security, and they're ways that have been brought forward by a number of Republicans over the years. We're going to have to sit down with the Democrats and say, let's have a compromise on these three elements that could get us to bring Social Security into economic balance.

What are they? Well, number one, you can have personal accounts where people can invest in something that does better than government bonds -- with some portion of their Social Security. Number two, you can say we're going to have the initial benefit calculations for wealthier Americans calculated based on the Consumer Price Index rather than the wage index. That saves almost two-thirds of the shortfall. And then number three, you can change the retirement age. You can make -- push it out a little bit. And so those are the three arithmetic things you can do.

There's going to have to be an agreement reached, Republicans and Democrats. Senator Judd Gregg has introduced legislation cosponsored by a Democrat saying put an equal number of Republicans and Democrats in a committee, have them work together, come up with a compromise, bring it forward, require a 60-percent vote to get the job done.

And those are the three that I think are -- are the ones that have to be pursued for us to solve the issue of Social Security

But don't forget, let's not scare anybody listening in who's on Social Security or near Social Security. It's not going to change the current program. It's not going to change for anybody who's already in retirement or near retirement. But we have to be honest to the people coming along. The program's going to have to change for 20- and 30- and 40-year-olds.

MODERATOR Governor, thanks. Time is up.

And to the very patient Paul Tash we go, in the front row, from the St. Petersburg Times. Paul?

TASH Mayor Giuliani, this question to you comes from Marshall Brennan (sp) of St. Petersburg.

"Your immigration plan calls for all immigrants to learn English to gain citizenship. So why is your campaign airing an ad in Spanish?" (Laughter.)

LOSER (Laughs.) The reality is I believe that America is a country that is built around the English language. If you want to become a citizen, you should demonstrate your facility with English. If you know other languages, that is wonderful. That's a wonderful thing. And if we have substantial portions of populations that know other languages, I'm very comfortable trying to reach them in both English and in Spanish.

The core of my plan on immigration is to stop illegal immigration at the border with a border stat system, with technology, with an increased Border Patrol. I believe we can stop illegal immigration if we stop it right at the border.

And then we should develop a tamper-proof ID card so that people who want to come into the United States should be allowed to do that. We need to teach new behavior. The new behavior is, if you want to come into the United States, you have to identify yourself -- which, after all, makes the United States like every other country, right?

You can't get into most countries without identifying yourself. And then if you've got the tamper-proof ID card, you'd be allowed to work, pay taxes, get online, become a citizen, follow the rules, but then at the end of the line, you'd have to be able to read, write and speak English.

If you speak a second language or a third language or a fourth language, I think that's great for America. I think America has to be a country that has facility with more languages, given the global economy we live in. And I think we can be very comfortable with that, but the focus has to be on being able to read, write and speak English if you want to be a citizen.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I'd like to ask a follow-up.

I think many Americans would be surprised by our policy of wet foot, dry foot; that if a Cuban is caught at sea, he -- he or she is sent back. If one foot touches American land, they're allowed to stay here. Why should a Cuban be allowed to stay here, but not a Mexican, not a Guatemalan, not a Venezuelan fleeing Hugo Chavez, someone fleeing North Korea, someone fleeing Iran. Why a special policy for a Cuban?

LOSER Well, of course, this was developed in the 1960s, because the longest dictatorship, I believe, in the modern world, is the one of Fidel Castro. The presumption is that if you're fleeing Fidel Castro, given decades and decades of murder, oppression -- including, most recently, the way he cracked down on the Cambio Group (ph), Brothers to the Rescue, all of these things -- there's a presumption in the immigration law that if you're fleeing Fidel Castro, you're fleeing political persecution.

In every other situation, you have to prove it. If you can prove that you're fleeing political persecution, you'll be accepted.

We've had this exception now for, what, for 40 years? And I think it's a fair one, given the history of Castro, which is a pretty unusual one. And he is the longest-standing dictator, certainly in this hemisphere, I believe in the world.

MODERATOR We have another question from Paul Tash in the audience.

TASH Governor Huckabee, this question comes from David Haney in Spring Hill, Florida.

Chuck Norris, one of your most vocal supporters, recently said that at 72, Senator McCain would be too old to withstand the rigors of the presidency. Do you agree or disagree?

WINNER Did you get my response?

LOSER I did hear what Chuck said. I was standing with him and I didn't disagree with him at the time, because I was standing next to him. It's as simple as that. This is a guy who can put this foot on that side of my face, and there's nothing I can do about it. (Laughter.)

Now, I have said publicly, in fact, I think it was the debate we had, gosh, back in New Hampshire. And I publicly said and I have said it many times, I don't think that Senator McCain lacks the rigor and the capacity to be president. And I said, if you look at his mother and see her strength at 95, of all the things we can pick on Senator McCain for, that ain't one of them. (Laughter.)

WINNER (Laughs.)

LOSER There may be some other things I could pick on Senator McCain about, but -- but not that. And frankly, I think he's demonstrated in the campaign that he's got the capacity to run. He and I would have different approaches to be president, but I promise you that is not an issue for me. It might be for Chuck, but I'm far enough away from him that I feel comfortable in saying that now. (Laughter.)

WINNER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

Senator McCain, because it's your mother, 15 seconds.

WINNER Well, now that Sylvester Stallone has endorsed me, I'm sending him over to take care of Chuck Norris right away, and I'm going to get him. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR That would be a heck of a play for you.

WINNER There you go.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER And I'm glad that Stormin' Norman, General Schwartzkopf, has endorsed me as well. I'm very honored. We'll send him, too.

MODERATOR We're getting into the final round of questions, where it makes staying to time -- yellow lights, then red -- essential, and we're going to enforce it. These questions are designed to speak to who you all are in terms of how you counter the attacks against you from your opponents, the weaknesses your opponents among others perceive.

Mayor Giuliani, we're going to begin with you. In tomorrow's -- tomorrow morning's editions of The New York Times, they are out with their endorsements in the New York primary Senator Clinton on the Democratic side, Senator McCain on the Republican side. In tonight's lead editorial, they say, quote, "The real Mr. Giuliani, who many New Yorkers came to know and mistrust, is a narrow, obsessively secretive, vindictive man."

LOSER (Laughs.)

MODERATOR "His arrogance and bad judgment are breathtaking."

How can you defend against that in your hometown paper? How have you changed as a man since this portrait?

LOSER Because I probably never did anything The New York Times suggested I do in eight years as mayor of New York City. (Laughter.) And if I did, I wouldn't be considered a conservative Republican. (Applause.) I changed welfare, I changed quality of life, I took on homelessness, I did all the things that they thought make you mean, and I believe show rue compassion and true love for people. I moved people from welfare to work. When I did that, when I set up workfare, the New York Times wrote nasty editorials about how mean I was, how cruel I was.

I think there's a serious ideological difference. And I worked for Ronald Reagan. And I remember once, when I was in the Justice Department, The New York Times wrote a very laudatory editorial about my boss, Bill Smith, the attorney general. And Bill was very nervous that Ronald Reagan would get upset that we were off agenda, because of the good New York Times editorial. (Chuckles.)

So the reality is that I think there is serious ideological differences. That probably was some of the nicest language they've written about me in the last six months.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, since we've been on the air tonight, one of the other campaigns has faxed us with a charge about you that you've heard before, that Governor Romney, quote, "changes positions with the wind."

One of your own advisers admits the perception among all of the candidates on stage is that you have changed over time your positions, that you haven't paid your dues. The New York Times yesterday called you the most disliked of the five. Your defense in all that?

LOSER Gosh, that's -- that's tough on their part. But you know, I'm not terribly worried about their -- about their attacks, frankly. I'm not going to Washington to make friends with politicians. I'm going to Washington to change things. So I'm not going to worry about that one.

I can tell you that I am -- I'm -- I'm proud of the things that we've been able to do in my state. And when people come after me and -- and say, "Hey, where do you stand on this," or "where do you stand on that," I can point to a very simple way to find out exactly where I stand, and that is, look at my record as governor. Every issue that we're talking about in this race that's of a domestic nature I dealt with as the governor of Massachusetts.

And so on the issue of -- of abortion, for instance, I came down on the side of life, consistently, as governor, in every way I knew how I could do that. At the end of my term, I got awarded by the Citizens for Life in Massachusetts the Leadership Award, for my service in that regard.

In terms of marriage, as the governor, I fought same-sex marriage every way I could find a way to do that. And I actually went to Washington -- Washington to testify in favor of an amendment to preserve the sanctity of marriage.

I also have a very clear record with regards to taxes. I said I was not going to raise taxes, lowered them 19 times, balanced the budget four times, created surpluses that reestablished a rainy-day fund of over $2 billion.

I have a sound record also with regards to the Second Amendment. As I indicated, the legislation I signed was legislation worked out between two sides, two very different sides who came together to find ways to make the Second Amendment work in our state.

So I got a record that's solid. I know that now and then my opponents will try and cause questions to arise in people's minds, but I'm proud of where I stand. And I'm happy to show people my record, to show it's been consistent.

MODERATOR Time has expired.

Senator McCain, we've talked about the issue that arose with the Chuck Norris fight, shall we say, with your mom. The LA Times famously wrote recently that your own temper, quote, "has been an issue for years." Do you see that as a possible impediment?

WINNER I don't. (Laughter.)

Look, I've dealt with people and my friends and colleagues for many, many years. I think they know me. I don't think I would have the support of so many of my colleagues that I work with every day if that were the case. And I have been able not only to make close friendships and warm ones over the years but also across the aisle.

If you'll indulge me one second, I know this is unusual, but I happen to know Rudy Giuliani. I happen to know he's an American hero, and I happen to have gone to New York City after 9/11. And I'm proud of the way he led this country and united it following 9/11.

And all these are good people who are running here, and I respect them. And I intend to respect them both during and after this campaign is over.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, a Bush administration official said that, quote, your use of faith in your campaign gave him a "queasy feeling." Your response?

LOSER I would say that would be his problem, not mine. My faith does not give me a queasy feeling; it gives me a solid core from which I'm able to live every day. I don't wake up every day and have to look at a poll to decide what I believe. My faith grounds me. It gives me some sense of direction and purpose. I don't try to impose it on other people, and I certainly would never use the auspices of government to try to push my faith. But for me to run from it? Impossible. It's who I am. And so if it gives some people a queasy feeling, then they'll have to deal with it.

The fact is, this country has always been a country where people were able to respect people who had faith. And frankly, we ought to be able to respect people who don't have any. I mean, I don't feel like a person has to share my faith to share my love of this country. But if a person hates me or dislikes me because of my faith, I'm not sure if they understand what it means to truly be an American, where we can live with each other no matter how different our faith is.

But at least we have that understanding that historically faith has been an important part of who this country is. Most Americans believe in God. As I've often said, if you want a president that doesn't, you'll have to pick somebody else.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Congressman Paul, the other campaigns have said to you that their worry is that you won't stick to your party; if you look at yourself and see yourself someday as unelectable, perhaps you would launch a third-party movement and hurt the Republicans.

LOSER My biggest concern is they won't stick to the party principles that Republicans stood for for so long, and, you know, being conservative and balanced budgets and limited government and individual freedom. No, I have no intention of going into another party. I've been elected 10 times as a Republican. I was from a Republican family. And no, I don't have -- I don't plan to do that. I wish they would worry about it, you know, just in case. But no, I have no intention of doing that, but it might keep them on their toes.

But no, I just think that the Republican Party has a problem because we don't act like Republicans. And we talked about this earlier; you know, that we're spending money that we don't have, we've run up these deficits. We -- you know, in the old days we used to be against the Department of Education; now we've doubled the size of it. No child Left behind. Even the Democrats are running against some of the things that we do. And they used to love that kind of stuff. And it used to be that we used to stop the wars. We stopped the Korean War. We were supposed to stop the Vietnam War the Democrats started. And here we're starting these wars. So that's why we've lost our way.

So I don't think it's a matter of me leaving the Republican Party. If they would look toward what we're doing and the number of people who want to come into the party, they shouldn't be obstructing us, they should welcome.

The party's getting smaller. Yet they say Oh, you're too strict on the Constitution.

Why should us who believe strictly in the Constitution, the rule of law, be excluded? That's the way a lot of the people that -- who gather around my candidacy think they're being treated.

So I would say why don't we have a big tent and welcome those of us who believe in liberty and believe in the Constitution. That's what it's all about, and that's what the Republican Party used to stand for.

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you. That will have to be the -- (cheers, applause) -- before we allow the audience the chance to release their pent-up feelings about tonight, and as we bring tonight's debate to a close, we would like to remind those who missed any or all of tonight's debate it will re-air on MSNBC tonight at 9 p.m. on the West Coast, midnight here in the East.

Our thanks once again to Leadership Florida, Florida Public Broadcasting, the Florida Press Association, the men and women of Florida Atlantic University for their great work in making this debate happen.

On behalf of the five candidates on stage tonight; Tim Russert, who will be doing "Meet the Press" this Sunday from Florida; our friend Paul Tash; and myself, good night from Boca Raton, Florida. (Applause.)


MODERATOR And now let's meet the candidates.

Fred Thompson, former senator from Tennessee.

Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, most recently the governor of that state.

Senator John McCain of Arizona, now serving his fourth term in the U.S. Senate.

Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, who served two full terms as that state's governor.

Rudy Giuliani, former two-term mayor of New York City.

And Congressman Ron Paul of Texas, who is now serving his 10th term in Congress.

Here is the format for this debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute and 30 seconds each. If we decide that rebuttal time is required, that will be 30 seconds.

We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time. And if an answer runs long, the candidates and everyone else will hear this sound.

We ask our large and enthusiastic audience to please limit applause during the question-and-answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as possible to the candidates themselves.

Let's get started with Chris Wallace.

Chris?

MODERATOR Thank you, Brit.

Good evening, gentlemen. There are growing concerns that the country is headed for a recession. Here in South Carolina, they lost more than 12,000 manufacturing jobs in just the last year.

Governor Romney, do you believe that we're headed for a recession? And given your record in Massachusetts, which had the third lowest job growth of any state during the years you were governor, why should voters trust you over these other gentlemen to handle a slowdown?

LOSER Well, first, Chris, let's get the record straight. Could we be headed for a recession? Absolutely. Do we have to be headed for a recession? Absolutely not.

Recessions hurt working families. They hurt people across this country. Our hearts go out to the people who are affected by job slowdowns and growth slowdowns. And so this is something we're going to have to address in a very aggressive way.

As to my record in the state of Massachusetts, I'm very proud of the fact that after many, many months of declining job growth, I took over the state and helped turn that around. And in my years as governor, we kept adding jobs every single month after we saw that turnaround.

The pipeline for new jobs coming into our state was in single digits when I came into office. When I left, it was over 200. And some of the biggest employers are still coming into the state. Every month since I've left, we keep on adding jobs. So I'm proud of what we did there.

What do we have to do at the federal level to keep a recession from occurring?

Number one, we're going to have to make sure that we stop the housing crisis.

Number two, we're going to have to reduce taxes on middle-income Americans immediately.

Number three, we're going to have to deal with gas prices. We're going to have to finally become energy independent and make the investments in new technology that will allow us to get there.

And, finally, R&D, investments in science and technology. That's an area where America can continue to lead the world.

It's time for us not just to talk about improving our economy; we're going to have to do the hard work of rebuilding our economy, strengthening it.

And I know that there are some people who think, as Senator McCain did, he said, you know, some jobs have left Michigan that are never coming back. I disagree.

I'm going to fight for every single job, Michigan, South Carolina, every state in this country. We're going to fight for jobs and make sure that our future is bright. We're going to protect the jobs of Americans and grow this economy again.

MODERATOR Since you mentioned his name, Senator McCain, you have 30 seconds to rebut.

WINNER One of the reasons why I won in New Hampshire is because I went there and told them the truth. And sometimes you have to tell people things they don't want to hear, along with things that they do want to hear.

There are jobs -- let's have a little straight talk -- there are some jobs that aren't coming back to Michigan. There are some jobs that won't come back here to South Carolina.

But we're going to take care of them. That's our goal; that's our obligation.

We need to go to the community colleges and design education and training programs so that these workers get a second chance. That's our obligation as a nation.

We're not going to end somebody's career and life of productivity at age 35 or 40 or older. We're going to design education and training programs that meet the needs of this information technology revolution that we are in.

And by the way, I don't believe we're headed into a recession. I believe the fundamentals of this economy are strong, and I believe they will remain strong. This is a rough patch, but I think America's greatness lies ahead of us.

MODERATOR Senator McCain -- and you have 90 seconds to answer this full question -- some of these ideas that are being talked about, like education and research and development, are longer term.

If we're talking about a recession in the next few months, in 2008, what kind of short-term, more immediate government fixes would you propose to try to keep the slowdown diminished or to reverse it? And would you support them even if they added to the government deficit?

WINNER Well, the first thing we need to do is stop the out-of- control spending. Out-of-control spending is what caused the interest rates to rise. It causes people to be less able to afford to own their own homes.

We need to stop the spending. And that way we can get our budget under control and we can have a -- basically a strong, fundamental fiscal underpinnings.

The second thing that we need to do, of course, is stop spending $400 billion a year overseas to oil-producing countries that come right out of our economy immediately. Some of that money goes, unfortunately, to fund terrorist organizations.

We've got to -- and we can use Detroit for this, where there's tremendous technology in the state of Michigan, and tremendous abilities to develop technologies to reduce this dependency on foreign oil, and eventually eliminate it, and stop this outflow of some $400 billion a year. Education and training is obviously important, but stop the spending. As president, I know how to do it. I'll wield that veto pen, and I won't let another pork-barrel earmark spending bill cross my desk without vetoing it. And I'll make the authors of it famous.

I know how to do it. I saved the taxpayers $6 billion on a bogus tanker deal. I'm called the sheriff by my friends in the Senate who are the appropriators, and I didn't win Miss Congeniality. And as president, I won't win Miss Congeniality, either.

I'll stop the outrageous spending, and that'll be the best thing that can happen to America's economy.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you have started running a TV commercial in Michigan that says voters want a president who reminds them of the guy they work with, not the guy who laid them off.

Do you believe we're headed for a recession? And do you have a short-term government economic stimulus package that you think would be more effective than what you've heard so far from Governors Romney and Senator McCain?

LOSER Chris, I hope we're not headed toward recession, but if we are, there's four factors that will be the reason.

The first one is fuel prices. When gasoline gets as high as it is, and oil goes to $100 a barrel, it impacts the way people live. It may not impact people at the top, but people who barely make it from paycheck to paycheck know that it doesn't just affect the fuel going to and from work.

Everything they reach for on the shelf of their store costs more because it took more money to transport it to that store.

LOSER So that's the first thing we have to realize, is with our dependency upon foreign oil, if we don't begin to reverse that and become energy independent, we well could continue this enslavement to foreign oil, and ultimately wreck our economy.

The second thing, subprime mortgages. Two million people today in America risk losing their homes. Now, there's culpability on both lender, as well as a lot of borrowers who bought more home than they could.

And I commend the president. I think he's handled this right without trying to rush in an do something with taxpayer money to fix this, but certainly to get the parties to make it work.

Two other thing, health care costs, and the other is education cost. All those factors together.

And a lot of people are working harder this year than a year ago, and yet they're not getting ahead. Even if they make more money, they're not making enough money to make up. So the first thing is not raise taxes, cut the marginal tax rates, if anything, and eventually go to a fair tax which really does stop the penalties on people's productivity.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you announced plans for a big tax cut yesterday. And you have been running ads that say reducing taxes actually will increase revenues. But the bipartisan Congressional Budget Office, as well as two chairmen of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, all say that tax cuts don't pay for themselves, that in fact they add to the deficit, they don't reduce it.

So, given that, do you stand by your statement?

LOSER Well, the reality is that some tax cuts do add to revenues. Other tax cuts don't add to revenues. It depends on the tax cut. And tax cutting has been part of the Bush program, the Reagan program, the Kennedy program, and it always led to significant increase in economic activity.

The Club for Growth looked at our plan, which is the biggest tax cut in history, and said that it would be a significant improvement in the economy and it would add to growth in the economy. Now, let me give you an example.

If you cut something like the corporate tax at 35 percent, you bring it down to 30 percent, you will get more revenues from that cut, because our corporate tax is the second highest in the world. If you cut some other tax, you might not get those kinds of revenues.

So, the question is What tax are you cutting? Is it anti- competitive? If it is anti-competitive, you're actually going to get more revenues from that tax cut. But that's not the only answer to how you deal with a possible recession.

You also have to cut spending as significantly as you cut taxes. You have to be willing to impose cutbacks on each one of the federal agencies, the civilian agencies. I would do that the way I did as mayor of New York City, the way Ronald Reagan did it as president of the United States.

You have to be willing to engage in regulatory reform so that we have a picture here in the United States where we're not regulating businesses out of the country. The main things you have to guard against are overtaxing, overspending, overregulating and over-suing. And if you can find balance there, you will do things that are necessary to prop up the economy and to allow us to have a growth economy.

It's not just one thing.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, as a deficit hawk, I just want to ask you for a 30-second rebuttal on that.

Do you believe the tax cuts pay for themselves or do you believe that they add to the deficit?

WINNER I think they stimulate the economy. I think that one of the first things we have to do that I forgot to mention is make these tax cuts permanent, because we've got to give some certainty to families and businesses all over America that these tax cuts will not expire and then give them the effect of a tax increase. So I believe they stimulate the economy, but, Chris, you've got to cut spending.

I'm proud to have been a member of the Reagan revolution, a foot soldier. And we cut taxes, but Ronald pay Reagan knew we had to cut spending at the same time. And that was our great failure as a party, is we cut taxes and then we let spending get out of control.

And frankly, it cost us a great deal. If we had adopted the tax cut package that I had, which entails spending cuts, then we would be talking about more tax cuts today.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, do you support a government program to stimulate the economy?

LOSER Well, a government program is too vague. What kind of a government program?

If it's appropriating money and trying to stimulate that way and spend more money, no, that would be the wrong thing to do. But a government program of a -- of a reduced tax burden, yes, that would be.

Also, to solve this problem, you have to understand why we're in a recession. I believe we're in a recession. I think it's going to get a lot worse if we continue to do the wrong things that we've done in the past, that it's going to be delayed, just as what happened in the Depression.

But you have to understand that over-stimulation in an economy by artificially low interest rates by the Federal Reserve is the source of the recession.

LOSER The recession has been predictable. We just don't know exactly when it will come.

If you do the wrong thing, it's going to last for a long time. The boom period comes when they just pour out easy credit and it teaches people to do the wrong things. There's a lot of malinvestment, debt that goes in the wrong direction, consumers who do the wrong things, and businessmen who do the wrong thing.

So we have to attack this and understand the importance of Austrian theory of the business cycle. If you don't, we're going to continue to do this and the longer you delay the recession, the worse the recession is, and we've delayed a serious recession for a long time.

The housing market's already in depression and a lot of people are hurt and the standing of living in this country is going down. Look at what's happening to the dollar.

And what is being offered by the Federal Reserve and Treasury and everybody in Washington? Lower interest rates. Well, lower interest rates is the problem. Artificially low interest rates is the artificial stimulus which causes the bubble, which allows the inevitable recession to come.

So what we need to do is deal with monetary policy and not pretend that artificial stimulus by more spending is going to help. That won't do you one bit of good.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, I'd like to get your opinion, also, on whether or not we're in a recession or headed for one. And, as well, you have proposed a big tax plan, but much of it, including, for instance, extending the Bush tax cut, wouldn't help in the short run.

Do you support a short-run government stimulus package or should we just leave the economy alone?

LOSER First of all, I need to defend Rudy a little bit on his tax plan, because it looks an awful lot like the one I put out a couple of months ago.

So the government never loses as much revenue as the experts say we're going to. With the '01 and '03 tax cuts in place, we received more revenue into the government in one day in April of this year than ever before in the history of the country.

So much for the experts, as far as that's concerned. It does stimulate growth and it's overall beneficial for the economy.

Unemployment is up to five percent. That used to be considered full employment, but we're going in the wrong direction with regard to that. It's not just the subprime market now. It's poured over into the general housing market.

Credit is scarce. It's affected the consumer credit market in general. If you're talking about automobile loans or you're talking about credit card thieves or anything like that, the money is getting tighter and tighter.

We still have a bunch of two-handed economists in Washington. On the one hand, we may go into recession, and, on the other hand, we may not. Nobody knows. But I think that as we proceed, we need to count on the fed doing the right thing in terms of the interest rates and we need to look seriously at whether or not we should do things such as speed up depreciation schedules for businesses, those that create jobs, have a deduction for capital expenses instead of having to capitalize them, things of that nature.

We had a stimulus package back in '01. It's targeted toward the lower income people. I think that has to be considered somewhere along the line if the economy calls for it, not today, but perhaps a little later on.

But we have to keep in mind a great many lower income people don't pay income taxes to start with. So an income tax rebate like we've tried before would not work.

We would all be a lot better off if people knew that these tax cuts of '01 and '03 were not going to expire at the end of 2010, which they're scheduled to do.

MODERATOR Carl Cameron has the next round of questions.

Carl?

CAMERON Thanks, Brit.

Good evening, Gentlemen.

As you all well know, no Republicans ever won the presidency without winning the first in the south, South Carolina, primary.

Governor Huckabee, a question for you.

Your adviser, Ed Rollins, recently said that the Reagan Coalition of Economic, Social and National Security Conservatives is gone and you've been quoted as saying that you're not running for another Reagan term.

Tell us, sir, what part of that coalition is gone and what has it been replaced by?

LOSER Well, I'm not sure anybody said we're not running for a Reagan term. I think I said I wasn't running for this president's third term, because each of us have to distinguish ourselves.

So let me correct you on that, not that you would need correcting, Carl, but I wanted to throw that in and make sure you go that right.

The Reagan Coalition has certainly not seen those same middle class, working class Republicans feeling a part of the Republican Party as they should and one of the things that I want us to do, both as a party and through this election process, is once again make sure that people understand that when we lower taxes, when we cut spending, when we have a strong national defense, when we stick to our principles on the sanctity of human life and the primacy of traditional marriage.

And we also unapologetically hold to the idea that the Second Amendment is just as precious as the First Amendment; and, in fact, without the second, we don't have the first, because we have no way to protect it.

LOSER All of those things were a part of that Reagan coalition. I was a part of it in 1979 and a lot of the evangelicals who became a part of helping Ronald Reagan to be elected.

Over the years, sometimes Republicans have thought that one part of that coalition was more important than the other. I think they're all important, and we need to recapture them.

But we need to make sure that we communicate that our party is just as interested in helping the people who are single moms, who are working two jobs, and still just barely paying the rent as we are the people at the top of the economy.

CAMERON Senator McCain, just a moment ago, you referred to yourself as a foot soldier in the Reagan army. What do you think about the notion in the Huckabee camp that the Reagan coalition might be gone?

WINNER I think, in some respects, that the Reagan principles and philosophy and practices we've gone away from. I've said a number of times we came to power in 1994 to change government, and government changed us. Spending was one of those.

There's probably not a Republican in this room that doesn't know what I'm saying when I say the bridge to nowhere, the $233 million bridge to an island with 50 people on it.

So I say that we let spending get out of control. We abandoned some of our environmental principles that Teddy Roosevelt was so famous for.

Climate change, in my view, is probably real, and climate change has to be addressed, and we can do it without asking anyone to shiver in the dark. Young people in this country want a better planet to be handed off to them.

But fundamentally, also, we have to return to those principles of less government, lower taxes, strong family values, strong national defense, and those that made us the Reagan revolution that brought about a new dawn of a new day in America and helped us immeasurably in bringing down the iron curtain.

And I'm not sure about the lights here.

CAMERON Governor Romney, as part of your universal health insurance plan in Massachusetts, you say it was necessary to include coverage for abortion services. Would you make that same decision if Congress were to suggest that mandatory abortion services would be part of a national health insurance program?

LOSER Carl, the decision to include abortion services in health care in Massachusetts was required by the court, not by the legislature, and certainly not by me as governor.

My term as governor was decidedly pro-life. On every decision I could make as governor, I came down on the side of life. And that's why the Massachusetts Right to Life Association awarded me their leadership award after my term as governor.

But let me come back to your other question about Ronald Reagan. Look, the only way we're going to win the White House is by appealing to the coalition that brought together the great strength that Ronald Reagan brought to America.

What's happened in America is that Washington has moved away from the Reagan coalition. The Republican Party, in some cases, has moved away from the Reagan principles.

But the principles that Ronald Reagan espoused are what will allow us not only to win the White House, but to keep America strong. Ronald Reagan was the ultimate optimist. He was a person who had confidence in America and brought back that spirit that we rely upon to be the strongest nation on Earth.

Ronald Reagan said we're going to have such a strong military, we'll out-compete the Soviets, and he did. He said we're going to have such strong families that the values of Americans will shine as an example of a shining city on a hill for the entire world to see, and he did that.

And he also said we're going to have a strong economy, because he recognized that the only way we can have strong families that have good health care, and schools, and values, and a strong military is if our economy is powerful.

Knowing how America works is more important than knowing how Washington works. And I've spent my life over the last 30 years learning how America works, how our economy is the envy of the entire world.

And I want to make sure that in this time when our economy is a little fragile, not sure where we're heading, that we strengthen that economy. That's what I know how to do. I've seen jobs come and go; I'll make sure that jobs come to America.

LOSER Can I answer that?

CAMERON Senator Thompson, a 30-second rebuttal.

LOSER Well, it's not a response. I mean, you asked a minute or a minute-and-a-half question of these gentlemen on the Reagan revolution. Could I address that?

CAMERON Sure.

LOSER It's an important issue, because I think it demonstrates what we're about here today. I think that Governor Huckabee's campaign manager said it accurately in terms of what they believe. They believe that it is over.

This is a battle for the heart and soul of the Republican Party and its future. On the one hand, you have the Reagan revolution. You have the Reagan coalition of limited government and strong national security.

On the other hand, you have the direction that Governor Huckabee would take us in. He would be a Christian leader, but he would also bring about liberal economic policies, liberal foreign policies.

LOSER He believes we have an arrogant foreign policy and the tradition of, blame America first.

He believes that Guantanamo should be closed down and those enemy combatants brought here to the United States to find their way into the court system eventually.

He believes in taxpayer-funded programs for illegals, as he did in Arkansas.

He has the endorsement of the National Education Association, and the NEA said it was because of his opposition to vouchers.

He said he would sign a bill that would ban smoking nationwide. So much for federalism. So much for states' rights. So much for individual rights.

That's not the model of the Reagan coalition, that's the model of the Democratic Party.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you've got...



MODERATOR Go ahead, Governor Huckabee.

LOSER The Air Force has a saying that says that if you're not catching flak, you're not over the target. I'm catching the flak, I must be over the target.



LOSER Fred, I want to say, I appreciate the analysis of my record, but let me try to give you some of the facts of my record.

I came into Arkansas as a governor. Put in that position as a lieutenant governor when my predecessor, a Democrat, was forced out of office on a felony conviction.

I did something that had not been done in my state in 160 years. I cut taxes, with the legislature working with me, and we continued to do that 94 times.

We cut spending. I'll tell you, the most painful time of my being a governor in 10 and a half years was looking at a budget that 91 percent of which was pretty well fixed on education, Medicaid, and prisons -- and cutting 11 percent out of that budget.

Everywhere I went for about a year, and every person -- it may take me just a moment longer, please.

MODERATOR Go ahead. Go ahead.

LOSER Because there were a lot of things on that catalog there.

MODERATOR Go ahead. Please, go ahead.

LOSER I know the feeling.

LOSER Yes.

Everywhere I went, I had people protesting me and screaming and yelling and doing demonstrations because I cut government. But I stayed faithful to the things that Ronald Reagan stayed faithful to.

You know, if Ronald Reagan were running tonight, there would be ads by the Club for Growth running against him because he raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California. It would be $10 billion today.

What I did was I governed. And the people of my state must have liked the way I did it, because they kept re-electing me.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER And that's greatest affirmation of all.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER And I appreciate the opportunity to set that record straight, and hopefully, before the night's over, a few more things.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Governor.

Carl?

CAMERON Mayor Giuliani...

LOSER Yes?

CAMERON ... on the campaign trail over the course of the last several months when you've been asked about your conservatism, you've said that it was basically up for voters to decide. I wonder if you can explain why you're the complete conservative tonight without quoting George Will, and contrast that conservatism to the rest of the members on the dais here.

LOSER Well, first of all, the reason Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980 was because Ronald Reagan was seen as the strongest leader in comparison to Jimmy Carter. And Ronald Reagan ran a 50- state campaign. Of course, it was built around peace through strength, which meant a strong military. And it was built around empowering people, which is why he lowered taxes. He didn't lower taxes just for the purpose of lowering taxes, he lowered taxes because he wanted to leave money in people's pockets because he felt that people spending money creatively is much better than government trying to direct the spending of money.

I worked for Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan appointed me Associate Attorney General of the United States. He appointed me United States attorney in the southern district of New York. And we're in different times. Ronald Reagan's principles would apply now, but they have to apply to different circumstances.

I'm a conservative because I believe in a strong national defense, the way Ronald Reagan did. I think peace through strength that Ronald Reagan proposed to deal with the Cold War is similar to what we have to do now in dealing with this terrorist war against us. That's why my first commitment to the American people is to be on offense against terrorists.

I also believe that we have to pursue those principles of lower taxes, restraining spending, devolving power to people, getting power to governments that are closest to the people. I believe those are the core of the conservative coalition that makes us a 50-state party.

There are some disagreements on social issues. Not on goals, but on some of the methods. But if we want to be a party that can run and win in states that Ronald Reagan won -- New York, California, Connecticut, New Jersey, Washington, Oregon, states we haven't won in a long, long time, and states in which we don't even campaign any longer, we're going to have to take a really good look at what made up the Reagan coalition. It was a broad outreach, an inclusive one, not one that kept people away.

CAMERON Congressman Paul, many of your supporters call themselves 9/11 Troofers. They believe that the U.S. government was in some way complicit with the 9/11 attacks or covered it up.

Are you tonight prepared to either embrace that rhetoric or ask those supporters to abandon it, or divorce themselves from your candidacy?

LOSER Well, I can't tell people what to do, but I've abandoned those viewpoints. I don't believe that, and that's the only thing that is important. And so I don't endorse anything they say.

But I would like to take an opportunity to talk about the issue that we've been debating here for the last 20 minutes...

CAMERON Sir, would you ask them to cease that rhetoric tonight on your behalf?

LOSER Well, it doesn't do me any good, so if they care about me, they should. But the only thing I have control over is what I believe and what I say. I can't tell them what to do. So I don't endorse what they say and I don't believe that, so, please, could I participate in the current debate rather than picking (ph) this out.



(CROSSTALK)

LOSER No, I would like to address the subject about whether or not we've lost our way and whether there's a coalition building or whether it's gone. I think it's gone. I don't think we're fiscal conservatives anymore. Look at what we've done over these 10 years. We finally got control of the government and we became big-government people.

Our deficit's out of control and we no longer are opposed to new entitlements. We are entitlement people. And then we turn around and we talk about liberty and we've undermined the Fourth Amendment and personal liberty and personal privacy. In the year 2000, we won the election by condemning the Democrats for nation-building and policing the world, and now, what are we doing?

We're policing the world, we're involved in all of these countries around the world and threatening going into Iran and Pakistan and on and on. At the same time, our economy is suffering to the point where we can't even finance what we have here today. We have to borrow from the Chinese and the dollar is crashing.

So no wonder our coalition is breaking up. We actually have lost our way. Now, over the years, I've never voted to spend one penny of the Social Security fund, because I'm a fiscal conservative. If you want the Social Security system to work, get people who will vote against robbing the Social Security fund.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman Paul. It is time for a break, but when we come back, we're going to take a look at the Middle East and have some questions about other world hot spots, right after these messages. Stay tuned.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back, from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.

Candidates, let's begin this round by talking about Iran.

Governor Huckabee, did the American commander in the Strait of Hormuz the other day make the right decision by responding passively when approached aggressively by Iranian fast boats believed to be from the Revolutionary Guards? He also received, as you know, a warning that said that the American ships might be about to blow up.

Did he make the correct call, sir?

LOSER I'm going to trust that the president, with the information that he had and that those commanders had, made the right decision. I think we need to make it very clear, not just to the Iranians, but to anybody, that if you think you're going to engage the United States military, be prepared not simply to have a battle. Be prepared, first, to put your sights on the American vessel. And then be prepared that the next things you see will be the gates of Hell, because that is exactly what you will see after that.



MODERATOR But, sir, in this instance, the American warships -- in this instance, however, the American warships were approached in a way that the commander said that he found provocative, indeed, aggressive. They also received a warning that suggested that the American ships might be blown up and things were thrown into the water. They didn't know what they were. They did nothing.

Now, are you prepared to say, after what you just said about these people being willing to face the gates of Hell, that that was the right call?

LOSER I believe that those commanders, hopefully, and I believe they do have the judgment to make in those split-second decisions...

MODERATOR So you support that.

LOSER I support them having that capacity. That's what we train them for and they have lives of Americans at stake on those boats. And they ultimately have our lives at stake if they take the wrong decision and give the Iranians or anybody the idea that America is a nation that you can kick sand in our eyes.

I think it's very important that we make it crystal clear that we will have the most powerful, the best trained, the best-equipped military on the face of the planet that has ever existed. And we hopefully will have one that no one wants to engage in battle, but we'll make it clear that if they do, there'll be a severe price to pay for engaging us.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, same question to you. Right call?

LOSER Yes, I think so. I think I agree with the governor on that. You can't take the judgment like that out of the hands of the officers on the ground there. I think one more step and they would have been introduced to those virgins that they're looking forward to seeing.



Iran was clearly testing us. They took British hostages under similar circumstances and it proceeded obviously much past what happened to us, but they're testing our resolve. They know that they're dealing with a nation that's not going to put up with that sort of thing. But it's some insight as to the way that they're thinking.

I think the Revolutionary Guard now has taken over from the regular military force with regard to those speedboats and so forth, so they're going to get a little more frisky. But they need to understand that if they cross the line, they're going to be destroyed.

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, what do you think.

LOSER Well, this really should give us some sort of indication that the NIE should not be interpreted as the -- the National Intelligence Estimate, where it was suggested that possibly Iran had stopped their nuclear program in 2003, high confidence that they stopped it in 2003, only moderate confidence that they haven't continued it.

I think an incident like this reminds us that we shouldn't be lulled into some false sense of confidence about Iran. We have to be very focused on the fact that Iran should not be allowed to become a nuclear power. We should make it very, very clear that we're not going to allow that, and we should go to every country that we can think of to impose serious sanctions on Iran.

There are also indications that there are economic problems within Iran itself, domestic difficulties in Iran. We've seen some conflict between some of the leaders there. Maybe by using this incident and the fact that Iran certainly shouldn't be seen as benign, as some people saw it when they tried to spin the NIE, as suggesting that maybe we were being too serious about Iran. It would seem to me that this incident should wake a lot of people up.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you've been a naval commander. This group, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, has been designated a terrorist organization. They made an aggressive and provocative approach to our warships. There was no certainty they weren't about to set off bombs.

What would you have done as a commander?

WINNER I would have placed my confidence in the captains of those ships?

MODERATOR Well, what if you had been the captain, what would you have done?

WINNER If I'd have been the captain of the ship, I probably would have assessed the situation as it was at the time. And for those of us who are not in that situation to second guess is a little bit presumptuous. It's a long, hard process to become the commander of a Navy ship. These are the most professional and well trained and capable people in the world.

And since our beginning days as an independent nation, we've had conflicts over the issue of freedom of the seas, dating back to the Barbary pirates, dating back to World War I when German u-boats were sinking U.S. maritime ships, to the outbreak of -- led to the outbreak of World War II, as well.

WINNER I agree with Rudy. Maybe the Iranians think we're weaker because of the NIE. Maybe the Iranians aren't really slowing their export of most lethal explosive devices into Iraq.

And I believe the president of the United States made the right statement. He told them that we will preserve the fundamental principle of freedom of the sea, and he will do what's necessary in order to preserve it.

So I believe these people -- these commanding officers made the right decision, and I believe that we entrusted their ships and the lives of the people under them in the most appropriate fashion.

But don't think that this wasn't a serious situation of the utmost seriousness in one of the most important waterways in the world, because of so much of the world's oil goes through there.

The Iranians better understand that the United States will stick to its many years-long tradition of preserving the fundamental principle of freedom of the seas.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, what if this happens again?

LOSER I would certainly urge a lot more caution than I'm hearing here tonight. It reminds me of what happened in the Gulf of Tonkin. We went to war there, then, later on, found out there was a lot of false information.

So here we have -- let's put it in perspective. We have five small speedboats attacking the U.S. Navy with a Destroyer? They could take care of those speedboats in about five seconds. And here we're ready to start World War III over this?

And now, guess what, today, the Navy commander of the Fifth Fleet was on ABC and announced that, you know, that voice might not have come from those vessels. So what does that mean? Was there a rush to judgment on this, ready to go to war?

And you know there are people in this administration and in Washington, D.C., that are looking for the chance. They were so disappointed with the national estimate on intelligence. And they were disappointed that there's no attempt to build weapons in Iran since 2003.

MODERATOR Congressman...

LOSER So what -- I just don't see this rush to judgment.

MODERATOR Well, wait a minute. All of these people I've asked this question to so far have said they supported the decision to be passive. What are you responding to?

LOSER I'm very sorry, I can't hear a word you said.



You'll have to speak up.

MODERATOR Every one of these -- of your fellow candidates have said they supported the commander's decision to respond passively. I just wonder what you're reacting to.

LOSER Well, I didn't hear that. Of course we want caution. But I'm worrying about the policy of why we're looking for a justification. Now there are no weapons, actually people are looking around for an excuse to bomb Iran.

I mean, we're already, with our CIA, being involved in trying to overthrow that government, and we don't need another war. And this incident should not be thrown out of proportion to the point where we're getting ready to attack Iran over this.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, if it happens again?

LOSER I think Congressman Paul should not be reading as many of Ahmadinejad's press releases. But let's...



I think Iran represents a very serious threat. I do not believe this action was taken by rogue elements within the Iranian forces. I believe it was calculated.

And I believe it was designed to test our defenses. I believe it was also designed to rattle a sword to the Arab neighbors to see that they could go after the Straits of Hormuz. I believe, as well, that it was a diversionary tactic for them to consider other actions in other places.

And so I believe it was a very serious act. And the Iranians continue to take acts like this, it points out that we have in Iran a very troubled nation.

And we're going to have to have a comprehensive strategy with our friends and with some others who we need to pull into our circle of friendship to put extraordinary pressure on Iran.

And I've been speaking since January about tightening dramatically the economic sanctions, the diplomatic sanctions, directly communicating to the Iranian people. And I believe -- by the way, I can see you want to get the rest of the answer to that -- of course, this commander did exactly the right thing. The captains did the right thing.

MODERATOR If it happens again?

LOSER And in the same circumstances, I will put my trust in the hands of these captains and their taking the right course.

Of course they should take whatever action is necessary to protect their ships and protect their personnel, but this is part of a much broader effort to get Iran to finally pull into a more reasonable status. And that is something which is going to take a more comprehensive strategy than simply thinking about how we'd respond to gunboats like this.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Wendell Goler has the next round of questions.

Wendell?



GOLER Gentlemen, let's continue this discussion of national security.

GOLER Senator McCain, you and Joe Lieberman today published an op-ed declaring the surge of troops in Iraq has worked, though you warned against bringing home more troops this year than we sent to Iraq last year.

Can Republicans win in November with Democrats arguing that there has been no real reduction of troops in a war that is now longer than World War II, a war that you, yourself, say a Republican administration mismanaged for the first three years?

WINNER Can the Democrats win an election when they continue to deny the facts on the ground that we are succeeding? Can the Democrats deny that casualties have come down, that the provinces like Anbar are peaceful, that Baghdad, on New Year's Eve, thousands of people poured out in the streets to celebrate the new year?

Can Senator Clinton retract her statement to General Petraeus when she said she would have to suspend disbelief in order to believe that the surge was working? In fact, you would have to suspend disbelief that it's not working. And I say every time that I'm at a town hall meeting, al Qaeda's on the run, but they're not defeated.

Today is a historic day, my friends. Today is the day that the president of the United States announced the change in strategy, the so-called surge.

I supported that, I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did. And I condemn the Rumsfeld strategy before that.

And I'm telling you, it's succeeding. And these young people are going to come home. But it's not going to be decided by any politician in Washington.

It's going to be decided by the man that should have been "TIME" magazine man of the year, General David Petraeus. That's who should decide when American troops come home.



WINNER And I am convinced that if we continue this successful path, Americans will be able to come home. But the most important thing, there will be a reduction in casualties. And we can win, and then these young people will come home and they will come home with honor.

GOLER Thank you, sir. Mayor Giuliani, President Bush is in the Middle East right now laying the groundwork for a Palestinian state. And he thinks he can be successful this year. If so, a Giuliani administration would introduce a new era in U.S./Mideast relations.

I wonder, sir, how you would keep a Palestinian state from becoming a breeding ground for anti-American terrorism.

LOSER Well, I think the most important thing is the steps that the Palestinian Authority now takes and how realistic they are to accomplish at least three things.

First of all, to make it clear that it will accept the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state. Number two, to forgo terrorism, first as a statement of policy, and then in reality. Something that has to be tested.

You know, Ronald Reagan had a theory of trust but verify. So we get the statement of policy that they've -- they will forego terrorism, and then we're going to want to see a period of time in which they've actually accomplished that and we don't have terrorist acts.

I'd also like to say something to my friend John. John gets great credit for supporting the surge.

But, John, there were other people on this stage that also supported the surge.

WINNER Not at the time.

GOLER The night of the president's speech -- yes, John.

The night of the president's speech, I was on television. I supported the surge, I've supported it throughout.

I believe that the goal in Iraq has to be from the beginning a stable Iraq that will be an ally of the United States. And we should return troops from Iraq on success.

That has been my position since 2003, it has never changed. I respect the fact that you haven't changed yours. I haven't changed mine either.



MODERATOR Thirty seconds.

WINNER My point was that I condemned the Rumsfeld strategy and called for the change in strategy. That's the difference.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, sir.

GOLER Congressman Paul, can we go back to the Middle East? You have said the United States should not be trying to broker peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. Should the president even be there today, sir?

LOSER Well, if he followed my advice, yes, we wouldn't be there. We've been doing that for a good many years, and it hasn't seemed to come to success.

No, I think if we weren't there, there'd be more incentives to come to a peaceful agreement. But we support both sides. You know, not only with the Palestinians, but the Lebanese and all the Arab nations.

We support Israel, and we try to have this balance. But I think it would be much better to have a balance by being out of there. And I think it would be a greater incentive for Israel and the Palestinians and all the Arab nations to come together and talk because I think we get in the way too often of these. And besides, it's costing us a lot of money and it's costing us lives now.

And it's time that we come to the point where we believe the world can solve some of their problems without us. And also, we're out of money. We can't do it any longer.

We're going bankrupt. And the empires of the world have always ended badly through economic terms.

LOSER So whether there are peace agreements over there, I mean, for instance, if we would stop all aid to over there, we would stop three times as much aid as Israel gets through the Arab nations.

Why do we arm the Arab nations and they're the enemies of Israel? But we continue to do that. So why don't we trade with everybody and talk with them, and there's a greater incentive to work these problems out.

I think if we'd have been out of there a lot sooner, there may well have been a much different settlement after the Kuwait invasion, because Israel was quite capable of working with moderate Arab nations. They tried to. None of the Arab nations wanted Saddam Hussein in Kuwait and I think they could have taken care of Saddam Hussein back then and saved all the mess that we have now, because I think there are so many unintended consequences and way too much blowback.



GOLER I thank the gentleman.

WINNER Could I just make a comment? I'm not interested in trading with Al Qaida. All they want to trade is burkas. I don't want to travel with them. They like one-way tickets.





GOLER Governor Huckabee, can you...

LOSER May I answer that? May I answer that?

GOLER Yes, Congressman.

LOSER I'm talking actually about that, because that's what we have been doing. We used to support Saddam Hussein and we used to be allied with Osama Bin Laden, and what I want to do is stop that.

Who are our friends one day turn out to be our enemies. Right now, we finally got rid of Saddam Hussein. And what are we doing now? We're re-arming the Sunnis, the old henchmen of Saddam Hussein.

And what are they going to do with it? There's all those weapons we're giving the Sunnis in Baghdad. So look out, believe me, that war is not over and right now they're demanding more troops in Afghanistan and we're -- some people, like the Senator, he thinks we should be there for 100 years if necessary.

How can he commit the young people of this world, five more generations, to be in Iraq if it's necessary? I say it's time to come home.



GOLER Senator McCain, 30 seconds.

WINNER I guess, very briefly, it's not American casualties. It's American presence -- I mean, not American presence. It's American casualties. We've been in South Korea for 50 years. We've been in Japan and Germany since the end of World War II. We're in Kuwait.

It's up to the Iraqi government and the United States government. Anybody who thinks it's the length of time we're there that matters, it's American casualties that matter and those casualties have been dramatically reduced, thanks to these brave and courageous young men and women who we should be supporting and not condemning what they're doing.



GOLER Gentlemen, if we can, let's move on.

In his second inaugural, President Bush made clear that this country would no longer trade civility for democracy, yet relations with Pakistan seem to test that.

Senator Thompson, would your administration continue to back Pakistani President Musharraf despite polls that show two-thirds of the Pakistani people want him to resign immediately?

LOSER Oh, my goodness, go against the poll?



How could anybody ever do that? In the first place, you can tell that the news is good coming out of Iraq because you read so little about it in the New York Times.



We have different interests as far as Pakistan is concerned. It's a very important nation to us in many respects.

I had the opportunity, with others, to visit with President Musharraf some few years ago, visit Pakistan and Afghanistan and that region. Democracy of Pakistan is in the long-term security interest of Pakistan and, therefore, it's in our interest.

They were moving in that direction before Prime Minister Bhutto was assassinated. Now they're in the streets. The government is in question. Some of our people, I think, are irresponsibly calling for Musharraf's resignation, cutting off of aid and all those things.

There's one little problem with that -- who you're going to get in return. They're the only Muslim nation in the world that has nuclear weapons and a nuclear capability. Our national security interest and who's hands those nuclear weapons are going to be in is an overriding interest of ours.

We need to make sure that there is stability of that country, to the extent that we can do anything about, and certainly in the short- term, anyway. That involves supporting Musharraf, while we continue to encourage him not only to move toward democracy, put those judges back in place that he fired, those dissidents that are in only for political reasons he needs to release, and he needs to help us more in the western mountains of Afghanistan where the Taliban is still hiding and where Osama Bin Laden probably is.

We need to put the pressure on him, keep the pressure on him, but let's not ever kid ourselves.

LOSER Our national security interests require that those nuclear weapons do not fall into the hands of radicals in Pakistan.

GOLER Governor Romney, on Senator Thompson's last point, Musharraf says he's not really looking for Osama bin Laden. Would you continue to support him?

LOSER Well, let's stand back and recognize that, today, foreign policy is no longer like it was in the last century, which was more like a game of checkers that was our side and their side. We tried to get friends and allies and go after each other.

Now foreign policy is more like three-dimensional chess, where we have to understand all the players throughout the world and develop strategies to help move the world towards more stability and safety for ourselves.

And our interests in Pakistan, just to make sure, number one, that the nuclear weapons are secure; number two, we go after Al Qaida. And the power going after Al Qaida is in General Kiyani, who is a friend, and our funds can go to him and to the military to fight Al Qaida. And we will work with him to find Osama bin Laden.

And if, for some reason, General Musharraf does not want to find Osama bin Laden, then we need to make sure that General Kiyani does. And our support will be key to being able to provide that kind of support to us.

But we also have to make sure that we're going to see a much more robust effort throughout Pakistan to go after Al Qaida. We have these three efforts that we're talking about what's happening in Pakistan; what's happening in Afghanistan; what's happening in Iraq; and also, of course, the potential trouble in Iran.

But we need to think more broadly than just those hot spots and come together with other developed nations, other free nations, as former Prime Minister Aznar of Spain indicated, and develop an effort to help move the world of Islam towards modernity.

We as great nations need to help them have the rule of law, have good schools that are not Wahhabi schools, strengthen their economies. We need to become very serious about moving the more moderate voices in the world of Islam to great strength, so that we don't have to spend our blood around the world fighting these wars.

We have to fight these, because they're hot spots, but ultimately we're going to have to move the world of Islam, because ultimately Muslims themselves are going to have to reject the extreme.

GOLER Governor Huckabee, if Pakistan is politically unstable, are the nuclear weapons really secure? And with polls showing hundreds of millions -- or polls, a study showing hundreds of millions of U.S. dollars can't be accounted for, are we throwing good money after bad there?

LOSER Well, we've spent $12 billion, and it was supposed to be to fight terrorism. We really don't know how much of that money was used to fight terrorism. In fact, we know a lot of it was used to build up their own military.

So there is a problem with accountability and the money. And I think we now are in a position more than ever that we should ask the Musharraf government for a better accounting. And it also ought to buy us some leverage with the Musharraf government.

I want to agree with my colleagues. Several of them have mentioned that it's not the best idea just to try to push Musharraf out, because we don't know who might come into that vacuum.

And that's why it is important to make sure that we communicate with him, that our displeasure with his inability to go after Osama bin Laden, and part of the problem is he tells us that that part of the area he doesn't control. On the other hand, he says, "I don't want you going in. Let me do it, and give me the money."

He can't have it both ways. And that has to be communicated to him in the strongest way.

But my final seconds, I'd like to just, with all due respect, Congressman Paul, the issue of whether the president should be in the Middle East comes to something that I think we've got to recognize.

We've got one true ally in the Middle East, and that's Israel. It's a tiny nation. I've been there nine time. I've literally traveled from Dan to Beersheba, and I understand something of that nation and the vulnerability of it.

And for us to give the world the impression that we would stand by if it were under attack and simply say, "It's not our problem," would be recklessly irresponsible on our part.

And if I were president, you can rest assured that we would not let an ally be annihilated by those enemies which is surround it, who have openly stated it is their direct intention to destroy that nation. It would not happen under my presidency.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, 30 seconds.



LOSER In many ways, we treat Israel as a stepchild. We do not give them responsibility that they deserve. We undermine their national sovereignty. We don't let them design their own peace treaties with their neighbors. And then we turn around and say that, when you want to do that or you want to defend your borders, they have to check it out with us.

I think Israel would be a lot safer. I made the point earlier. We give three times as much money to the Arabs. Why do we arm their enemies? So if you care about Israel, you should be against all the weapons that go to the Arab nations.



And I just don't see any purpose in not treating Israel in an adult fashion. I think they'd be a lot better off.

I think they, one time in the '80s, took care of a nuclear reactor in Iraq. I stood up and defended Israel for this. Nobody else did at that time.

But we need to recognize they deserve their sovereignty, just as we deserve our sovereignty.

LOSER I believe that if they assumed more responsibility, there would be more peace there and that there would be a lot less threat to us. Besides, we don't have any money to do this.



MODERATOR We'll extend this quickly.

Thirty seconds, Mayor Giuliani, then Senator Thompson. Then we've got to move on.

LOSER I think the idea that Israel is a stepchild of the United States is totally absurd. I've been to Israel very often, as the governor has. The prime minister of Israel is a very close friend of mine. The former prime minister is a very close friend of mine.

The reality is that Israel is a close and strong ally of the United States. America has only a few extremely reliable allies, special relationships. The defense of Israel is of critical importance to the United States of America, and it goes much deeper than just tactical things.

Secondly, on Musharraf, which was the question on the table, we have to have a very clear picture of who and what would replace Musharraf. But we should put more pressure on him to catch bin Laden. I believe I could convince him that we should be allowed to work with him to catch bin Laden, because I think that would be a major breakthrough in crushing Al Qaida.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Mayor.

Senator Thompson?

LOSER Governor Huckabee, if I understood him correctly, seemed to be concerned that part of the money we're sending to Pakistan goes to their own military. That's the point. We help train their military. Their new top general over there was trained here in the United States for a period of time.

They have lost several people fighting the Taliban. That's who they would fight the Taliban with, is their military. So our cooperation with their military, our supporting their military, is a good thing.

MODERATOR All right, thank you very much, gentlemen.

More questions for the candidates after this quick break. Please stay tuned.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we're back in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, with Chris Wallace, who continues the questioning.

Chris?

MODERATOR Thank you, Brit.

Governor Romney, you have been pushing the theme of change recently. But after John McCain beat you in New Hampshire and Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama, is it just possible that voters want Washington experience more than they want change?

MODERATOR ... but after John McCain beat you in New Hampshire and Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama, is it just possible that voters want Washington experience more than they want change?

LOSER No.



LOSER I have had the chance to do almost 200 town meetings across the country. I have listened to people from -- well, in a restaurant here called Lizard's Thicket, to places all over the country, and I keep hearing the same thing, which is that Washington is broken, that Washington has made promises to America it has not kept, and it seems incapable of dealing with the challenges that we face globally and here at home.

I hear the people say they think we deserve health care for all our citizens but not government health care. And that hasn't been done.

They say we ought to be able to get a reduction on the burden on the middle class. And that hasn't been done.

They say we ought to solve the immigration problem in this country, protecting legal immigration but ending illegal immigration. It hasn't been done.

They say there is too much pork barrel spending and earmarking in Washington. That hasn't stopped.

And so the same people year after year make these promises and then go to Washington and nothing happens. And so I'm convinced that you're going to see the people say across this country that if you send the same people back to Washington, just to sit in different chairs, nothing will happen.

My whole life has been about bringing change to things I have touched, to the business world for 25 years and tried to bring change. Sometimes I did positively -- not always, but I learned from that experience.

I went to the Olympics and turned those games around with the help of a terrific team of people. I went to the state of Massachusetts when revenues were falling, when jobs were falling. I helped turn that around.

I know how to bring change. And I will change Washington.

I will take it apart and put it back together simpler, smaller, smarter. But I will bring change and I will honor the promises that the American people have heard from me and from others who care about Republican principles.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, Governor Romney was more polite tonight than he sometimes is on the campaign trail. In fact, recently, he said, "There is no way John McCain can change Washington. He is Washington."

Given the fact that you have been in Congress for a quarter of a century, are you part of the solution, sir, or are you part of the problem?

WINNER I think my answer is pretty obvious.



WINNER I have been one of those involved in one of the most important changes that could have ever made, and that is reverse a losing strategy in Iraq which would have entailed the loss of so much and so much sacrifice of American treasure. And now we have a new strategy, and we are succeeding.

If we would have done what the Democrats had wanted to do six months ago, al Qaeda would be trumpeting to the world that they beat us. I'll never let that happen. We'll never surrender.

I've brought about change in spending practices. The chairman of the Appropriations Committee called me the sheriff.

I have saved $6 billion on a deal for an Air Force tanker that was a terrible rip-off of the taxpayers which wouldn't have happened if it hadn't been for me.

Ask Jack Abramoff if I'm an insider in Washington. You would probably have to go during visiting hours in the prison. And he will tell you, and his lobbyist cronies, of the change I made there.

And also, I think it's important to know that I have never asked for or received a pork barrel project or earmark for my state. But I have known how to change things. And we have changed a lot of things. And we will change more things.

And, if I can change the things that I was able to as a senator, I'm looking forward to the changes that I can make when I'm the president of the United States.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, in your 10 years running Arkansas, you raised taxes. They were at the higher at the end of your 10 years than they were at the beginning by hundreds of millions of dollars, and you increased the size of government.

Is that your idea of change, to be a big government Republican president?

LOSER My idea of government is to get the job done and make sure that you balance your budget, that you respond to the needs of your people. I don't think the federal government needs any more money. That's why I have signed a pledge that I would not raise taxes as president.

You brought up something about what I raised. Let me tell you what I raised, Chris.

I raised hope. I raised the expectation of the kids in my state who didn't have a decent education. And our courts ordered us to put more money into it.

And rather than just act about my political future, I acted about the future of those kids. And this week, just, in fact, yesterday, American kids came and said that our schools were now the eighth best in the nation, which is a long way from 49th. We raised what we hoped those kids would have -- those kids in the delta who had little access to health care that was affordable, even accessible.

Roads were horrible.

LOSER I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's Magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country. We had no bridges falling down in Arkansas.

We also improved our natural resources and environment so that every kid could go hunting and fishing and not have to be a part of an expensive club.

I cut taxes. I managed government. I raised the quality of life by making sure that education, and health, and highways were accessible to every kid in that state.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, are you persuaded by the kind of change that Governor Huckabee is offering? And do you have a better alternative, sir?

LOSER Well, first of all, I know the governor is pointing out that he signed the tax pledge. Earlier this year on Tim Russert's show, on another network, he said it'd be a dangerous thing to make a tax pledge because you couldn't foresee what was going to happen in the future.

Well, what happened in the future was that, later on that year, when the pressure got building, he signed the tax pledge.

No, I don't think so. I like to think of my own record. I pointed out several points of the governor's record, and what he has done, and what he has said.

But we were able to go to Washington in 1995, and we passed five major tax bills; we passed welfare reform; we've passed a balanced budget for four years in a row.

We were able to do some headway, make some good with President Clinton even with regard to sound, conservative judges. And I compiled 100 percent pro-life voting record during that time. And that's why the National Right to Life folks and the South Carolina Right to Life folks have endorsed me in my candidacy here.

So I like to feel like we did do some good. I certainly didn't do it single-handedly.

But, yes, you can be a part of something good in Congress if you work hard and the voters respond to your conservative message. We took a sound, conservative message to the American people at that time, the respect for the rule of law, a market economy, and a nation that doesn't tax and spend you to death, and a nation where a country boy from Tennessee or a country girl from South Carolina can grow up and, if they obey by the rules -- abide by the rules, expect to achieve the American dream.

That's what we presented. They responded to us. And we were able to do some good things then.

As chief executive, as president of this country, we could do a lot more good things. And that's why I'm running for president.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you got kind of a glancing blow there. Would you like to respond for 30 seconds?

LOSER Well, certainly I would.

Senator Thompson, I appreciate you and the other members of Congress passing welfare reform, but it was up to the governors to make it work. And as a governor, we made it work in my state and took half the people off welfare and got them into jobs.

During my tenure, we had the lowest unemployment records in the history of our state and we created a record number of jobs, and jobs that paid more money than the jobs they replaced.

It's easy to be in Congress and pass a bill that maybe will change some mandates to the states, but those of us who had to govern at the state level were forced with something that members of Congress didn't have to do. They actually had to make it work.

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

Carl, you have the next round.

CAMERON Mayor Giuliani, in recent weeks, Senator McCain has suggested that your leadership in the aftermath of 9/11 doesn't quite constitute national security credentials, in so far as it's generally agreed that one of the challenges of our time is the war on terrorism.

What equips you? What experience and skills do you bring that would make you a better commander-in-chief than the senator from Arizona?

LOSER Well, I guess the first point I wanted to make on what they were talking about is that the kind of change that the Democrats want to bring about is to take the change out of your pocket.

That's basically -- basically, change is either good or bad. And when you just say "change," if the change that you're talking about is raising taxes, if the change that you're talking about is pulling out of Iraq precipitously, if the change that you're talking about is socialized medicine, these are definitely changes, but they're changes in the wrong direction.

So I think people have to focus a little bit more carefully on, what is it that we're promising? And what are we trying to do? Now, if the change is in the direction of lower taxes, less spending, giving parents choice over education, energy independence, these are things that are going to make a brighter future and a better America. But just the word "change" doesn't connote good or bad. You've got to get one step beyond that and start looking at the changes.

Now, on my foreign policy experience, which is what you asked me about, I've had foreign policy experience going back to 1970s when I served on a committee in the Ford administration on terrorism.

I negotiated agreements with governments over illegal immigration. I negotiated agreements with governments over prisoners.

When I had to make decisions about foreign policy, I made decisions. I threw Arafat out of the U.N. 50 celebration, and I made sure Castro wouldn't come to that celebration.

LOSER And when I was confronted by an Arab prince who wanted to give us $10 million for the Twin Towers fund, I said, "No, we're not going to take it," because he wanted us to question American foreign policy, in particular, our relationship with Israel.

As mayor of New York, I was involved in foreign policy issues all the time and the difference between being an executive and being a legislator is you're not just one of 100. You have to actually make decisions and there are consequences to your decisions and many of them are in this area of either foreign policy or related to it.

CAMERON Senator McCain, does that satisfy your concerns earlier mentioned?

WINNER I have the greatest respect and affection for the mayor of New York. My point is that I've been involved in every major national security challenge for the last 20 years and before that, I fought in some of them.

The fact is that I have led the largest squadron in the United States Navy, not for profit, but for patriotism, and I believe that my experience and background has given me the judgment to make the decisions that are necessary in this transcendent challenge of radical Islamic extremism.

I have great respect for everyone on this stage. It's a tough business we're in and I appreciate them. I just believe that I am more qualified.

CAMERON Governor Huckabee, to change the subject a little bit and focus a moment on electability.

Back in 1998, you were one of about 100 people who affirmed, in a full-page ad in the "New York Times," the Southern Baptist Convention's declaration that, quote, "A wife us to submit herself graciously to the servant leadership of her husband."

Women voters in both parties harshly criticized that. Is that position politically viable in the general election of 2008, sir?

LOSER You know, it's interesting, everybody says religion is off limits, except we always can ask me the religious questions. So let me try to do my best to answer it.

 And since -- if we're really going to have a religious service, I'd really feel more comfortable if I could pass the plates, because our campaign could use the money tonight, Carl.

(LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)

We'll just go all the way.

First of all, if anybody knows my wife, I don't think they for one minute think that she's going to just sit by and let me do whatever I want to. That would be an absolute total misunderstanding of Janet Huckabee.

The whole context of that passage -- and, by the way, it really was spoken to believers, to Christian believers. I'm not the least bit ashamed of my faith or the doctrines of it. I don't try to impose that as a governor and I wouldn't impose it as a president.

But I certainly am going to practice it unashamedly, whether I'm a president or whether I'm not a president. But the point...



... the point, and it comes from a passage of scripture in the New Testament Book of Ephesians is that as wives submit themselves to the husbands, the husbands also submit themselves, and it's not a matter of one being somehow superior over the other. It's both mutually showing their affection and submission as unto the Lord.

So with all due respect, it has nothing to do with presidency. I just wanted to clear up that little doctrinal quirk there so that there's nobody who misunderstands that it's really about doing what a marriage ought to do and that's marriage is not a 50/50 deal, where each partner gives 50 percent.

Biblically, marriage is 100/100 deal. Each partner gives 100 percent of their devotion to the other and that's why marriage is an important institution, because it teaches us how to love.



CAMERON Congressman Paul, yet another question about electability.

Do you have any, sir? There's always the question as to whether or not...



... you are, in fact, viable. Your differences with the Republicans on the -- with the rest of the Republicans on this stage has raised questions about whether or not you can actually win the Republican nomination, sir.

LOSER Well, we've only had two little primaries so far. So it's pretty premature to decide which one is going to be the candidate. But, you know, when you think about it, if you measured everything I've ever said, every vote I've ever taken against the Constitution, you know, I'm a strict constitutionalist.

Are you suggesting the Republicans should write me off because I'm a strict constitutionalist? I'm the most conservative member here. I have voted, you know, against more spending and waste in government than anybody else.



So you're suggesting that I'm not electable and the Republicans don't want me because I'm a strict fiscal conservative, because I believe in civil liberties? Why should we not be defending civil liberties and why should we not be talking about foreign policy that used to be the part of the Republican Party?

LOSER Mr. Republican Robert Taft didn't even want us to be in NATO and you're saying now that we have to continue to borrow money from China to finance this empire that we can't afford?

Let me see if I get this right. We need to borrow $10 billion from China, and then we give it to Musharraf, who is a military dictator, who overthrew an elected government. And then we go to war, we lose all these lives promoting democracy in Iraq. I mean, what's going on here?



And you're saying that this isn't appealing to Republicans? Where did this come about? I think this is the Republican message. I defend the platform. It used to say we'd (inaudible) the Department of Education. It doesn't say that now.

We, as Republicans, went and doubled the size of the Department of Education, so where have we gone? I think we've lost our way. And then the insinuation that I am less Republican because of that?

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you very much.

We have to take one more break. We'll be right back, with one of the most contentious issues of the day. Stay tuned.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back for a final segment of questions.

Gentlemen, because we've had a lot of rebuttal time tonight, we're going to ask you if you can, so we can get this in in the allotted time, to have answers of one minute, followed by 30-second rebuttals, if necessary.

Wendell, you have the questions.

GOLER And I'd like to focus on immigration, which polls indicate is a big issue here in South Carolina, as it was in New Hampshire.



Senator McCain, the president's push for immigration reform failed mainly because of disagreements over your plan for dealing with the 12 million people now here illegally. You say you've learned your lesson, you'd secure the borders first. OK. Then how would you deal with the illegals?

WINNER Actually, it failed because the American people had no trust or confidence in the federal government to do its job, because we had passed a law in 1986 that said we'd allow citizenship and actually what happened was that we didn't secure the borders, as we promised. So Americans need to restore their trust and confidence.

I know how to secure the borders.

WINNER I come from a border state where our borders are broken. More people come across our border illegally every year than most any other state.

And I will secure the borders first. And I will have the border states' governors certify that those borders are secured. And we can do it with UAVs, with vehicle barriers, with walls, and with high-tech cameras.

The remaining 12 million, obviously two million of them who have committed crimes have to be rounded up and deported immediately. They cannot stay in our society. And we must then, in my view, address it in as humane and compassionate way as possible.

The three G.I.s who were missing last year in action, one of them was still missing in action, his wife was about to be deported from this country. I'm not going to deport the wife of a fighting serviceman who's missing in action. I'm going to handle it in a humane, compassionate fashion.

And we will reward no one. They will have to get to the end of the line, pay a fine, learn English, and we will secure the borders first. And I know how to do that.

GOLER Thank you, Senator.

Governor Romney, I'm not sure I heard how the senator would remove the 12 million people here illegally. You called his plan a form of amnesty. What's yours? And how would it encourage illegals to come out of the shadows, sir?

LOSER I didn't hear that answer, either. And I'd also tell you that all of us on this stage agree -- I believe, I don't know about Ron Paul, but I think everybody else agrees -- I just haven't heard your position; I don't mean to be critical -- that we secure the border, we have the fence, and we have enough Border Patrol agents to secure the border, and that we have an employment verification system of some kind.

But the place of difference between us is what we do with the 12 million people who are here illegally. We all agree that anybody who's committed a crime should be sent home.

But I believe that the others who've come here illegally should stand in line with everybody else who wants to come to this country and should not be given a special pathway or a special privilege... 

... to be able to stay in this country. And that means that those that are here illegally today would be looked at person by person, given a specific time period by which they arrange their affairs, they stay here during that time period. When that time period is over, they go home, and they get in line with everybody else.

There are millions of people around the world who want to come here. We'll do this in a humane and generous way, but we're not going to say to people who've come here illegally, "You have a special pathway, a special privilege to become a permanent resident or a citizen." Get in line with everybody else.



GOLER Senator Thompson, the governor says the 12 million people would be looked at individually. How would you find them? And could you do it faster than he would, sir?

LOSER You can't look at them individually. We need to be a nation of high fences and wide gates, and we get to decide when to open the gate and when to close it.



I believe with all my heart that if we enforce the border, if we crack down on employers who knowingly hired illegal immigrants, and required them to use the modern technology that we have now so that they can, in effect, push a button on the front end and find out whether or not someone is legal, and if we put an end to sanctuary cities, where local governments are, in effect, telling their people they can't cooperate with federal authorities with regard to illegal immigrants, and we would do that by telling the sanctuary cities, "If you continue that, we cut off discretionary federal funding to those sanctuary cities," if we did those things, we would have enforcement by attrition.

We would reverse the process that we're going in now. It's not just 12 million people. We have to be concerned about another 12 million people.

I disagree with my friend, John McCain, on the bill that they proposed last year. I disagree with my friend, Governor Huckabee, when he supported in-state tuition for illegal immigrants, when he fought the legislature when they tried to impose verification requirements before a person could vote so you could determine they were an American citizen.

I think that we have got to enforce the border, crack down on employers who knowingly hire illegal immigration, and stop sanctuary cities and policies that encourage people to continue across the border while we claim to be trying to enforce the border.

GOLER Thank you, Senator. 

Congressman Paul, is denying a path to citizenship for people now in the country illegally important enough that Republicans are willing to concede the Hispanic vote to Democrats in November?

LOSER Well, I don't know that, but I don't know if that's necessarily true, but I do think we should enforce the law. And the law says that illegals shouldn't be here and that we shouldn't have amnesty.

But I think this whole thing should be thought of more in economic terms. Maybe I think about economics too much. But there is something said in economics that, if you subsidize something, you get more of it.

And this is what we do. We encourage it by giving free medical care, and free education, and the promise of amnesty. And no wonder more will come.

LOSER We have a weakening economy and now immigrants, especially the illegals, are seen as a threat because they come and they undermine our tax system. And some of our hospitals are being closed and some of our people won't work because of the welfare state.

You can't solve this problem if you don't deal with the terms of welfarism. And, besides, you know, some of our border guards are over in Iraq. I think they would be better off on our borders, you know, protecting our borders, not in Iraq.



LOSER So, yes, I think we have to deal with it. And if we don't deal with it carefully, yes, we're going to lose some votes on it. But quite frankly, the law is the law and we should enforce the law.

GOLER Governor Huckabee, President Bush's outreach to Hispanics paid off for Republicans at the ballot box in 2004, and then came this whole immigration debate, and Hispanic support for Republicans fell sharply. The debate is often focused on how we can keep them out or throw them out.

How can you convince Hispanics the Republican Party really wants them here?

LOSER Wendell, I think there is a great misperception that Hispanic people in this country somehow are soft and weak on immigration. They are not. Those who have come here legally, who have stood in line, who have patiently waited to get in this country are some of the ones who insist that we enforce the law.

What I think we ought to do is to certainly start with a secure border, because nothing else matters until then. But we can have a period of time.

I created a nine-point immigration policy that says there's a 120-day period in which people go to their home country and they start the process from the back of the line. And when people say, how will the government round them up? The government didn't round everybody up to get here.

The government doesn't have to round everybody up to get back in line. That's nonsense. People got themselves here, they can get themselves to the back of the line.

The point we need make is that when people do come here, they ought to live with their heads up. They ought to live in the light, not the darkness. They ought to not be afraid of seeing a police car.

It's not just in our benefit that we solve this problem. It's in the benefit of those who do come to this country so nobody looks at a person of maybe Hispanic origin and questions whether or not they are legal. We ought to have the assumption that everybody here is legal, that nobody here is illegal.

GOLER Mayor Giuliani, you said that it was so important to you that illegal immigrants not fear reporting crimes, that you insist that police not ask their immigration status. For that, some of your colleagues accused you of running a sanctuary city.

As president, would you object if other mayors insisted their police not ask immigration status?

LOSER Well, the reality is, it would have been absurd to ask illegal immigrants reporting crimes about their illegal immigrant status, because then you would not have gotten the information about the person who committed the murder, the person who committed the mugging, the person who committed the rape. And a person who commits those kinds of crimes doesn't looking for green cards when they commit those crimes. So it would have been irresponsible in the highest degree to not allow them to report it.

And the policies that I had in New York with regard to illegal immigrants, which allowed illegal immigrants to report crimes, helped to bring crime down more than any city in America, more than any city in the history of America. So I'm very proud of it. Had I done anything else, I think I would have ended up with a city that had the problems before I came into office.

The same thing with allowing children to go to school. I allowed children of illegal immigrants to go to school.

I had 70,000 children of illegal immigrants. What was I going to do, allow them to be on the streets so that they could become the victims of crime on the streets, maybe engage in crime themselves on the streets? Those are the exceptions that were made.

On the other hand, we reported every single criminal. We reported every single person suspected of crime. We reported so many to the immigration service that the immigration service actually asked New York City to stop reporting.

I believe I would be the best at ending illegal immigration because I have accomplished things like that before. You have got to change behavior here.

It's not very different than the way in which I changed behavior about crime in New York and the way I changed behavior about Welfare. We have got to have a system where we have a tamper-proof I.D. card. If you want to come into this country, you should be able to come in legally.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Mayor.

LOSER We have only 14,000 Border Patrol, and we have 12 million illegal immigrants.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Mayor.

LOSER Do you think we can handle the problem with 14,000 border patrol unless we make some very big changes?

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

That is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of South Carolina. And also to the good folks here in Myrtle Beach.

MODERATOR One of the five men sitting at this table tonight will be the Republican presidential nominee. We hope the discussion over the next 90 minutes will help you choose which one it should be.

Here now are the five candidates.

Rudy Giuliani, a former U.S. attorney and two-term mayor of New York City.

Fred Thompson, former senator from Tennessee.

Mike Huckabee, who served 10 years as governor of Arkansas.

Mitt Romney, former governor of the neighboring state of Massachusetts.

And John McCain, now serving his fourth term as U.S. senator from Arizona.

Gentlemen, welcome. Let's get to it.

Taxes are a big issue in New Hampshire, which of course is strongly anti-tax, and so let's start there. Governor Romney, you have gone after two of your rivals here at the table, Mike Huckabee and John McCain, for their record on taxes, but you don't mention that in your first year as governor you raised fees on individuals and corporations by more than $500 million.

Would you explain, sir, why your record on taxes is better than your two competitors here at the table?

LOSER Happy to. First of all, we raised fees by $240 million in our state because we had a whole series of fees that hadn't been raised, in some cases, in decades, so we brought them up to the cost of providing services.

These were not broad-based fees that were required for all people to pay, rather for specialized services.

But let's talk about taxes. Lowering taxes grows the economy. Lowering taxes helps build jobs and helps working families, and so I strongly have been of the view that one of the great lessons for Ronald Reagan was that lowering taxes helped built our economy.

Senator McCain was one of two Republicans who voted against the Bush tax cuts. I believe the Bush tax cuts helped our economy grow and are one of the reasons that we're not in a recession today.

Senator McCain continues to believe -- based upon his comments on "Meet the Press" today -- that that was the right vote to take, and I respect that that's his view. I just happen to disagree with it. As governor, I fought tirelessly to reduce taxes. We cut taxes some 19 times in our state, not as many times as I wanted to, but I was able to cut taxes, with the help of the legislature, time after time, and we held down spending.

At the same time, Governor Huckabee has a fine record. He says he lowered taxes 94 times. I believe him. Net-net, however, the tax burden in Arkansas was raised by $500 million, I believe the figure is from his state. So we have different records when it comes to taxes.

I believe it's critical for our economy going forward that we lower taxes again and we do so for the middle class. And so I've proposed a special savings plan for people in middle incomes.

And that savings plan is this Any interest income, or dividend income, or capital gains earned by people earning less than $200,000 a year should be taxed at the new rate of zero. Let people save their money for whatever purpose they'd like to save.

I believe that will help stimulate our economy, create the economic base for growth of our new jobs, and make it easier for middle-income folks to make ends meet.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you have a minute to respond.

WINNER Well, you know, when I first came to Congress, we were in the middle of the Reagan revolution, and I was proud to be a foot soldier in that revolution. And we cut taxes.

But we cut spending. And Ronald Reagan insisted that we cut spending, because he knew that it was vital, if we were going to keep the deficit down and not have the fiscal difficulties we have today, we had to cut spending.

I'm proud to have supported those tax cuts. And, as a matter of fact, interestingly, I'm proud to have the support of Gramm and Rudman, which were the spending cut limits, Jack Kemp, who has announced today that he's supporting me, a supply-sider.

And I believe that if we had done what I wanted to do -- and that's cut taxes and, at the same time, cut spending -- we'd be talking about more tax cuts today. But we let spending get out of control.

And we know what happened. We lost our election; we lost our way; and we allowed the deficits to go up. And, unfortunately, we have allowed us to betray some of the principles -- one of the principles of the Republican Party.

WINNER I'm in favor of tax cuts. We'll do them. But we'll cut spending when I'm president of the United States.

MODERATOR But, Senator McCain, when you look at the fact that we survived 9/11, that we survived Hurricane Katrina, terrible blows to the economy and the economy kept growing, a lot of people say that's because of the Bush tax cuts that you voted against.

WINNER Well, I -- and when we see what happened to spending and we have a bridge to nowhere of $233 million to an island with 50 people on it and we have former members of Congress who are now residing in federal prison because of the spending and corruption, my friend, we have to, if we're going to restore the confidence of the American people and our Republican base first, we're going to have to cut the spending, we're going to have to eliminate the pork barrel and wasteful spending.

And I'm proud to tell you, Chris, in 24 years as a member of Congress, I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state and I guarantee you I'll veto those bills. I'll ask for the line item veto and I'll veto them and I'll make the authors of them famous.

And we'll get spending under control and then we'll be able to have some physical sanity and restore trust and confidence on the part of the American people.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, does that answer your concerns?

LOSER No. No, it does not, because, frankly, one of the things that we did to get ourselves out of the recession, as we came out of 9/11, we were going into recession, we had the Internet bubble boost, this president took a very bold action.

He said, "I'm going to cut taxes" and he did so and that helped our economy turn around. Now, we've also heard, for years, a lot of people in Washington talk about how they're going to cut spending and cut out earmarks and, year after year, spending grows and earmarks grow, even under Republican leadership, and that's why change is going to have to begin with us.

And this isn't something I've just talked about. It's something I've done. As governor, I cut spending. In my first year, our budget actually went down. I cut state employment when I was governor.

We cut back spending. I vetoed literally hundreds of items and, at the same time, I cut taxes 19 times and kept fighting to cut taxes.

So you have a choice. You can select somebody who wants to fight for those things or you can select somebody who's actually done those things, and I've got a record of cutting spending and cutting taxes.

MODERATOR I'm going to bring the rest of you in, but I want to give you, Senator McCain, a chance to respond to that.

WINNER Oh, sure. Look, ask Jack Abramoff, who's in prison today, a guy who was a corrupt lobbyist and his friends, if I haven't cut spending. Ask the Air Force and Boeing, where I saved $2 billion, $2 billion by fighting against a bonus Air Force tanker deal.

Ask the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, who calls me "the sheriff," the millions and millions of dollars that I've fought against and kept out of these appropriations bills.

I think it was the reason why I wasn't elected Miss Congeniality in the United States Senate. I have a record of saving billions for the American taxpayers.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you have also been a target of some of the tax ads from Governor Romney.

LOSER I've noticed that, yes.

MODERATOR We have all seen, also, a TV ad, not from Governor Romney, of you back in the old days, about 100 pounds ago and several years ago, in front of the Arkansas state legislature, basically calling for any kind of tax. And according to our study, during your time, 10 years, as governor, you raised taxes, net increase of half a billion dollars.

So does Mitt Romney have a point when he talks about your record as a tax cutter?

LOSER Well, first of all, you know, the semantics about taxes and fees, if you're a small business owner or you pay the fee, it's as much out of your pocket. You can call it a fee, you can call it a tax, it's still money the government's taking from you. It's the same thing.

Here's what I do know. I know that there had never been a broad- based tax cut in the 160-year history of my state, and I signed the first one. I know that I cut taxes 94 times and the taxes we cut helped families.

We eliminated the marriage penalty. We doubled the child tax care credit. We indexed the income tax for inflation. We created the property taxpayer bill of rights. We froze property taxes for seniors so they didn't lose their homes due to increases in property taxes.

When I became governor, from the time I left 10.5 years later, sales tax was up one penny and the income tax was the same. It's just a lot of people didn't have to pay it because we raised the threshold at which they did. But here's something else we did. We took a $200 million deficit and turned it into an $850 million surplus. We improved our schools and paid teachers better, had some of the most significant test score results. It was based on a court case that I had inherited from two governors ago, Bill Clinton, Jim Guy Tucker, and, finally, it landed on my desk and we actually finally got it resolved.

We also rebuilt our road system. People want roads and the people in my state voted by an 80 percent margin to vote for those roads and to pay three cents a gallon for gasoline.

Government is supposed to work. It's not about the politics of saying I never raised a tax. It's about saying I made government work.

LOSER And the fact is there were specific issues that I've been attacked for, sometimes pretty brutally on some of these television spots, but I'm proud of the fact that I governed and lowered taxes, and did something that had never been done in my state, and did it against the headwinds of a Democratic legislature that had never done it in 160 years before.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER Well, facts are different things.

I think, Mike, you agreed that net-net, you raised taxes by half a billion dollars. Is that right?

LOSER You know, Mitt, let's talk about how stubborn the facts are. Answer the question.

LOSER The fees I think you raised were more like half a billion dollars, not $240 million. You came into office

LOSER Mike, I asked you a question

LOSER  with a deficit, and you left with one.

LOSER You know, the let's -- facts are stubborn things. Let's get the facts right, OK? I came in with a

LOSER And you opposed those Bush tax cuts in 2002.

LOSER You know, Mike, you make up facts faster than you talk, and that's saying something. So let's slow it down and let's get the facts correctly.

LOSER All right.

LOSER I came in, there was a $3 billion budget gap. Together with the legislature, we cut spending, we also raised fees, and we calculated how much money we raised in the fees.

It was $240 million. We can show you the number. And at the end of my first year, we had a surplus. Every single year I was in office I generated a surplus, and we put over a billion dollars in our rainy day fund.

Now, I asked you a question to begin with. And that was, net- net, did you raise taxes in your state by half a billion dollars?

LOSER We raised jobs, we built our roads.

LOSER You know, that's political speak.

LOSER You know, Mitt

LOSER The question is -- you can avoid this issue by just saying

LOSER  you spent tens of millions of dollars sayings all negative things about me. If someone raises a question, you say it's a personal attack. And facts are stubborn things, and you mentioned that. And did you support or oppose the 2002 Bush tax cuts?

LOSER I have never opposed the Bush 2002 tax cuts. I supported them. The first comment I made about the Bush tax cuts was that I supported the Bush tax cuts.

I do not oppose them. I support them, always have.

Now let me go back to the question I've asked you that you refused to answer three times -- did you raise taxes, net, in Arkansas by $500 million?

LOSER By a court order that said we had to improve education. Maybe -- maybe you don't have to obey the court in Massachusetts. I did in Arkansas. And you know something? Education is a good thing for kids, because kids

LOSER I agree.

LOSER  because kids like me wouldn't be sitting here if it weren't for

MODERATOR Let me break in here.

And it just reminds me of Admiral Stockdale, who said, who am I and why am I here, Mayor Giuliani. So let me ask you a question.

You like to say that you cut taxes 23 times as mayor of New York, but in fact a number of those tax cuts were enacted over your opposition. There was a case in 1998 where you fought a city council for five months when they want today reduce a tax surcharge. And even before 9/11, you had left New York City with a $3 --almost a $3 billion deficit.

So have you exaggerated your record on taxes and spending?

LOSER Not at all. I actually recommended 64 tax cuts and accomplished 23 of them. Eighteen of them were the ones I originally proposed, and the balance were ones that I accepted and comprised. So that makes up the 23.

Specifically -- and you can go look - -I lowered the income tax rate by 24 percent from the day I got in until the day I got out. The 24 percent lower income tax was yielding 42 percent more revenues. So I just talk about supply side, I actually made it work. I lowered the hotel occupancy tax by 34 percent, and we were making $200 million more on the lower tax than on the higher tax. I lowered the sales tax.

The overall tax burden on New Yorkers were reduced by 17 percent by the time I left office. It was the largest tax cut ever done in the history of the city, it was the largest tax cut done in government, anywhere, in the 1990s, including all city, all state, all at the federal level, because the federal level raised taxes during that period.

It led George Will to write a column saying that I ran the most conservative government in the United States over the last 50 to 60 years, mainly because of the aggressive tax-cutting that I did. And I am a supply sider.

I believe if you need more revenue, one of the first things you go look to is an anti-competitive tax. Right now, if we reduced the corporate tax, which is the second highest in the world, 35 percent, if we reduced it to 30 or to 25 percent, we would make more money. And the Bush tax cuts did the same thing.

The Bush tax cuts are now yielding the United States government more money than we were getting when we had the higher tax. So, everyone has their record to look to, we have all different pluses and minuses, but from the point of view of being a tax-cutter, I had the best record of anyone in government in the 1990s in cutting taxes.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, you have unveiled a plan during this campaign that would extend the Bush tax cuts and the estate tax, repeal the alternative minimum tax and cut the corporate tax rate.

MODERATOR The problem, according to some experts, is they say this would blow a hole in the deficit, and we'd reduce federal revenues by $2.5 trillion over 10 years.

Now, when we talked about this on "FOX News Sunday," you say one of the ways that you would pay for it is by revamping Social Security and cutting benefits for Social Security.

Question If the Democrats, as they almost certainly would, block that in Congress, isn't that whole plan pretty impractical?

LOSER In the first place, I never said that I was cutting Social Security. What I suggested with regard to Social Security

MODERATOR You're going to reduce the cost of living

LOSER Let me tell you what I propose. It takes a moment, and I have the only plan having to do with Social Security of anyone at the table, number one.

Everyone says it's a big problem; nobody puts anything on the table to do anything about it.

I've suggested that it's going bankrupt. I mean, the alternative with regard to Social Security is losing Social Security as we know it. So it's a plan to save Social Security.

It would do two things allow people to set up an individual retirement account where the government would match their funds.

The average guy at the end of their working life would have a few hundred thousand dollars, and it would save government money in the process, if you did one other thing, and that is index initial retirement benefits to inflation, instead of to wages, as they are now.

We're promising future retirees something we can't possibly deliver. We're promising future retirees more benefits than what current and past retirees have gotten. My plan would not affect current retirees or those near retirement.

MODERATOR But this would reduce -- forgive me, sir. This would reduce the cost of living increase from what they currently are, if you change the index.

LOSER No, no, you've got it backwards.

MODERATOR That would increase the cost of living?

LOSER No, no, no, if you'll give me a moment. They currently index the wages. I'm suggesting they be indexed to inflation. You'd keep the cost of living increase, but you wouldn't increase it as much as what we're promising in the future. The increase would not be as much

MODERATOR Exactly.

LOSER  as what we're promising in the future, which we cannot deliver, number one. Ask any expert in town, and they'll tell you that. Nobody likes to talk about it, but that's the fact.

Now, what you would do at the end of the day is actuarially you would make the Social Security plan sound and you'd save about $4.7 trillion over a period.

MODERATOR And what do you do when the Democrats say no?

LOSER Well, what -- you fight them. You take the case to the American people.

I think that a president's got to be willing to go over the heads of the Democrats and be able to look into the camera, tell the American people what the situation is, and suggest what we've got to do about it.

That's one of the things we're lacking in Washington, D.C., I think. Nobody has any credibility. Nobody can make the case, apparently, to the American people with regard to the things that we need to do. And that's one of them.

MODERATOR Anybody else here at the table want to support this? Still would be a cost of living increase, but reducing the increase in the cost of living. Anybody else want to do it?

LOSER The initial benefit, the cost of living increase after you retire would increase just the way it always has.

LOSER I think Fred raises, with a great deal of boldness, a very important topic, but I think reducing the initial benefit for retirees, even those of modest and moderate incomes, would be a big mistake. And I don't think that would be politically acceptable, and I think it would be wrong.

I think the idea, however, that Fred has described, which is having a different index for higher income individuals, is something which has some merit and which solves a big portion of the Social Security gap.

Added to that are personal accounts, which can have a higher rate of return than what people currently get by having government debt behind their Social Security

MODERATOR I want to talk about one other

LOSER And, finally, of course, is adjusting the retirement age. Those three things combined can solve the problem of Social Security, but I don't agree that we should cut the initial benefit calculation for modest income Americans who rely on Social Security for their retirement.

MODERATOR I want to talk about one other

LOSER I'm suggesting they, of course, get the same thing that current retirees are getting. Let's make that clear.

WINNER Could we just weigh in on this for just a

MODERATOR Sure, go ahead.

WINNER Yes, look, I admire Fred's courage. I admire a lot of people who have put forth proposals, especially the president of the United States.

After he won re-election in 2004, he went out there and tried to tell the American people that this system is going broke, and I admire him for it.

Look, what we're going to have to do is what we did in 1983, when Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill, armed with a study by Alan Greenspan, stood in the Rose Garden together and said, "We're going to fix Social Security," and we did.

And it's been a long time since 1983. And it's time we sat down together, Republican and Democrat, and, as Fred said, tell the American people it's broken and it's got to be fixed, because we have that obligation to the next generation of young Americans.

That's our obligation to them. And for us to just sit there and have these young people paying into the system and not going to get anything out of it, obviously, is an abrogation of our responsibilities.

MODERATOR I want to pivot the subject somewhat to the whole issue of change and populism, which is becoming two big themes in this campaign. At least for the moment, change seems to be the watchword of this campaign.

And, Governor Huckabee, you are pushing a message of economic populism. Here's how you put it on the campaign trail recently. Let's watch.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER The reason that our campaign is catching fire is because people would rather elect a president who reminds them of the guy they work with, not the guy that laid them off.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Now, Governor Huckabee, this was widely seen as you talking about Governor Romney. Does he remind you of someone who once laid you off?

LOSER He didn't lay me off. I plan to be president, so I hope he helps me get elected. This is not a reference to anybody. It's a reference to the spirit of this country. There's an issue in this country where a lot of people feel like that the folks elected in Washington don't have a clue about how much struggle is going on in the American family.

When people sit around their dinner tables at night, they feel the effect of $3-a-gallon gasoline. They feel the effect of double- digit inflation on their health care costs. They understand what it costs when college textbooks cost as much as the tuition. They understand that, and they're working two jobs and they're still not getting a great deal ahead from where they were the year before.

I get called a lot of things. I still believe that we shouldn't have an economic system that tries to make rich people poor. We just need one that tries to make poor people have an opportunity to get rich. And that can't happen when you have a government that becomes the greatest competitor with small business.

Eighty percent of all our jobs, Chris, comes from small business in this country, but the environment we've created, too much taxation, too much regulation, too much litigation, is a result in job migration. We lose jobs that go overseas that we ought to be keeping here. If that's populism, then I'm guilty, because I think if you understand the struggle of a lot of American families, our party had better wake up to that. If we don't, we're going to lose, not just those families. We're going to lose what the Reagan revolution was about. It was about getting those working-class people to believe that the Republicans cared about them, had a message for them, would empower them and give them a chance to live the American dream.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, do you have a problem with any of that?

LOSER Not with what he said. With what was on TV, yes, because you're not going to help the wage earner in America by attacking the wage payer in America. It's an old saying.

The truth of the matter is, it really is kind of offensive, I think, when I watch our Democrats, or anybody else, for that matter, attacking corporations that are creating jobs. I've spent 30 years in the private sector. I spent my time learning how to build a small business. I built a small business and grew it. I helped go back and turn around a company that was in trouble.

I'm proud of the fact that some of the companies we invested in created a lot of jobs. I had some failures, too. I know what it's like to have to make a tough decision. I've seen businesses go under. But I can tell you, I've been in the economy, I've been there in the real world, and we need a president who knows how the economy works, knows why jobs come and go, understands what the competition from China really means and how to stand up to it.

We also need a president who knows how to shrink the federal government, and I know how to take out people that aren't needed and how to take out programs that aren't needed, and we need some of that in Washington.

LOSER Well, let me jump back in on that, because it sounds as if that I'm thinking that we ought to go after corporations. I'm the only person that says we ought to have no corporate tax, no personal income tax. We've got to get rid of taxes on dividends, capital gains and death. I really think our whole tax system

LOSER You're going to get rid of death?

LOSER I'd like to get rid of death. I'm talking about the death tax.

LOSER We're together on that.

LOSER First, the death tax, then we'll get rid of death. In my previous profession, I dealt with getting rid of death, and now just the death tax.

LOSER It didn't work very well.

LOSER What I want to make sure is that people understand that if we have a tax system that penalizes productivity, it's counterintuitive to a good economic system. And, with all due respect, I think we've got to recognize that we have people who are in trouble today because sometimes folks who get into the capacity to buy up a company, they dissolve it, they split it up, people lose their jobs. And, when that happens, then they lose jobs, jobs go elsewhere, and then people who have taken those things can take their money, shelter it at maybe 15 percent income, not the 35 percent that the self-employed people in this country pay, or they can hide it away in a Cayman Island offshore bank account and pay no tax on it.

The average American is going to resent the fact that there is not a level of equity in the tax system. And, again, I don't want to tax rich people and make them poor. I want to give them every opportunity to be even richer.

MODERATOR Let me bring in Mayor Giuliani here, because like it or not, one of the big ideas of this campaign, one of the original ideas that has been offered, is Government Huckabee with his fair tax, consumption tax, do away with the IRS, do away with the income tax.

Mayor, good idea or bad idea?

LOSER Well, actually, what I wanted to do is say to you that I've probably had the most experience of anyone at this table at helping to bring people out of poverty.

LOSER I took over a city that had 1.1 million people on welfare. I left behind a city with 670,000 fewer people on welfare. I took over a city that had 10.5 percent unemployment. I left behind a city with less than five percent unemployment and I instituted a work fair program.

As Republicans, we don't do well, including me, all of us. We do not explain to the poor that our programs, our policies are the ladders out of poverty, that they are being denied, by a lot of the Democratic programs, a good job, a good education, the work ethic.

So what I did with welfare immediately upon coming into office is I tied welfare to work for anybody who can work. It was called work fair. It was very controversial. People were very angry at me. The ACLU, I think, sued me, I don't remember. They sued me a lot. I can't remember all the times they sued me.

But I stood up and we fought the battle and we ended up with 670,000 fewer people on welfare, hundreds of thousands of people on welfare working, by allowing the basic principles that work in America of work, good education operate in the lives of poor people.

And as Republicans, we need to go into the neighborhoods where there's poverty and explain how our programs work. I would go into the neighborhoods where I was being castigated for work fair and I would say to them, "I'm doing work fair because I love you more. I care about you more. I care about you more than just being a statistic. I believe that if I can get you a job, I will keep you out of poverty and I will keep you with the dignity to be able to take care of your family."

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, as we said, you have a tax plan. Mike Huckabee has a tax plan.

What do you think of his fair tax?

LOSER Well, I like certain elements of it. I like the fact that it's moving toward reform and it's simplified.

I'm a little bit concerned that we would wind up with a consumption type tax and an income tax later on. You'd have to have a constitutional amendment to make sure that that did not happen, and that's unlikely.

I think that we ought to move toward a flatter tax. That's why I proposed a move in the right direction toward reform, something that can actually get passed, unlike a lot of the things that we wish would happen that never will.

I think that a person ought to be able to fill out their taxes the way that they traditionally do, if they want to, or have an alternative along the lines of the House Republican plan that's been tested and it's revenue neutral that would say basically this if you have an income of $100,000 or less as a couple, $50,000 as an individual, you're at a 10 percent bracket and if you have over that, you're at a 25 percent bracket, and that's it. And you get a personal deduction, but that's it, and you could have your choice.

Now, that would be a major move. I think we would see a lot of people move toward that and it would be a major step toward substantial tax reform, which, of course, is necessary.

I mean, we've got a 66,000-page monstrosity now that makes us very competitive. It's the most complicated in the world. And as Rudy says, he's apparently read my plan, put out a couple of months ago, about the corporate tax rate, makes it very

MODERATOR Gentlemen, I want to move back to this whole issue of change, which is where we started this section.

Senator McCain, Governor Romney says that he's an outsider who can shake things up and that you have been in Washington forever and that you've had your chance.

Who is better prepared to change Washington, you or Governor Romney?

WINNER I know that I have been an agent of change. I'm proud to have been one of those who played a key role in bringing about one of the most important changes in recent years and that was the change in strategy from a failing strategy in Iraq pursued by Secretary Rumsfeld, which was needlessly causing the sacrifice of our most precious American treasure.

And I and several others fought for this change in strategy, said we had no confidence in the then secretary of defense, Secretary Rumsfeld, and this change has had enormous benefit to America, to our security and to our future.

And I am convinced, when you saw today an American Al Qaida who is dedicated to the destruction of the United States of America, when you saw Osama Bin Laden in the last two weeks with messages, one of them directly to the Sunni in Baghdad and Anbar Province, to tell them to turn against the Americans, I believe that -- I know that strategy is working.

I know it's the greatest change -- I don't know of a better change than saving American lives and, of course, I've been an agent of other change. Some people don't agree with campaign finance reform. That was a change. Some people don't agree with the line item veto when we passed. That was a change.

I have been an agent of change in Washington. I know how the system works.

WINNER I know how to nail down the people that want to charge the American people $2 billion extra for an Air Force tanker.

And I know how to bring about change, and I know how to go after them. And I've done that.

But I'm very proud -- I'm very proud of the change in Iraq that has saved young Americans' lives. And I can't imagine and I can't be prouder of being that kind of an agent of change.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you and I sat at that desk this morning, and you said to me, yes, John McCain is a reformer, but in his decades he's been an ineffective reformer. That was your word.

LOSER No, I guess I'd amend that slightly. He's been an agent of change. He's worked hard to bring change in certain areas, and he's done so.

But Washington is fundamentally broken. And one of the reasons I'm running for president is that I believe that my lifetime of work in the private sector, and in the voluntary sector, and as a governor has taught me how to bring about fundamental change.

And Washington needs fundamental, top-to-bottom change. We're not going to have somebody inside Washington turn Washington inside out, just not going to happen.

We're going to have to change our spending habits and our taxing habits. We're going to have to finally find a way to get ourselves energy independent and energy secure.

We're going to have to fix education in this country. We need to get health care for all of our citizens, free-market health care, not government health care.

We've been talking about these things for decades and decades. And yet, somehow, just sending the same people to Washington, but in different chairs, is not going to result in a different outcome.

And that's why when people of this country have looked at the change that we need in Washington, they say, "Let's bring someone in from the outside and make that change." And I think it has to be somebody who's had executive leadership, who's brought change.

Mayor Giuliani talked about what he brought into New York. And I mean -- I'm sure you were thinking about you. And there's a very dramatic difference between talking about change and getting together in the cloakroom and working on a deal with other senators and actually having led an organization, with executive leadership skill, helping turn around a business, or turned around the Olympics, or turned around a state.

And that is something which I think America is crying for. They want to see change in Washington. And you saw it on the Democratic Party with their caucus out in Iowa. You saw it in our party with Governor Huckabee and myself leading the field among people who were long-term experienced senators.

The answer is they want someone from the outside to deal with health care, with education, to get taxes down, to get us energy independent, somebody who knows how to deal with China economically so that we can make sure we don't lose our jobs to China.

It's time for a dramatic and fundamental change in leadership in Washington.

MODERATOR This is the conversation that you, Governor Romney, and you, Senator McCain, have been having at long distance. You're right next to each other.

Senator McCain, how do you respond to that argument?

WINNER All I can say is that I also had experience in leadership, not in management. I led the largest squadron in the United States Navy, not for profit, but for patriotism. I'm proud of that record of leadership.

And I also have the broad-based experience, and knowledge, and background to make decisions over the major national security challenges that have faced this nation over the last 20 years. I've been involved in literally every one of them.

And I had the foresight to know what needs to be done in Iraq. I was involved in every one of these other issues.

So the American people want change. I know that I can do the things and have done the things they wanted done.

But they also want America secure. And I've spent my life in defending this nation and making it secure. And I know how that has to be done, and I know how to meet the transcendent challenge of the 21st century.

We're in two wars. And we're in a struggle against radical Islamic extremism. We've seen the manifestations of that today. That young man that tore up his passport, some day he's going to wish that he had never done that.

And Osama bin Laden, I know how to get him, and I will get him. And that's the kind of experience and leadership and the change that the American people also want

MODERATOR I want to pick up on that

WINNER Is my green light still on?

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Well, national security is going to be the big issue in the next segment, but I want to give Mayor Giuliani a chance to get the last word in, well, the two of you to get the last word.

Go ahead.

LOSER Well, you know, we're all talking about change now. We had some folks vote in Iowa. Then everybody came out of there now talking about change.

Change has been a part of every election since the dawn of elections, if you weren't an incumbent.

I think that what is more important is leadership. And what's more important, as a part of leadership, is telling the American people the truth and having the courage to do that.

Telling the American people -- for example, we were talking about Social Security, something everybody knows, but nobody wants to talk about, that the war is going to be protracted, probably, it's going to take some time and more resources than we've been devoting as a percentage of our economy, that we're not going to be energy independent in a few years.

It's going to take a longer time. We're going to have to move that big battleship as much as we can in as short period of time as we can, but it's not around the corner, that we're spending our next generation's money, and we're bankrupting them, in many respects, as far as our entitlement programs are concerned.

Those are truths. We're going to have to go to the American people and say, "Here's the deal. Here's what we need to do. Let's do what generations have done in times past Come together. Do the right thing."

That's the change that we need. I wish we could change to that.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you get the final minute.

LOSER It depends on how you're going to change. You can have change for good, change for bad.

Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, when they talk about change, they're talking about raising taxes. And if you think that's a good change, well, that's the direction you want to go in. I think the good change is lowering taxes.

If the Democrats want to pull out of Iraq, without, I believe, really evaluating the consequences of that and what that might mean, in terms of the overall Islamic terrorist war against us.

So change, it's really a question of What direction are you going to change the country in? Are you going to make us stronger?

LOSER Are you going to make us -- put us in a position where we're on offense against Islamic terrorism?

So, change is a slogan. And the examination has to be, is a change for good or is it change for bad.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, we have to take a break here, but we will continue the Republican presidential forum on Fox News Channel and Fox News Radio right after these messages.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back now on Fox on the campus of Saint Anselm College outside Manchester, New Hampshire, with the five leading Republican presidential candidates. And we resume our special candidates forum.

Gentlemen, let's turn to national security.

Governor Romney, you made a statement about foreign policy experience that raised some eyebrows and led John McCain, that mild- mannered man, to actually launch his own attack ad.

Let's take a listen to what you actually said.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

NARRATOR McCain opposes repeal of the death tax and voted against the Bush

LOSER  State Department and pick out somebody who's been at the Pakistan desk.

LOSER But if you want a leader and a person who's led in critical times and in critical ways, I think I fit the bill.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR We had a little bit of a mix-up there, but you know what you said. You say that we elect a leader, not an expert. But in these very dangerous times, don't we need somebody who has lived these issues and knows all the key players?

LOSER That's been an argument and a position that's been raised over the decades in this country where senators have faced governors, running for president, and senators have said, look, I've been there, I know this issue, we've been inside one side, down the other. And governors have stood up and said, I've got the experience, the executive leadership experience, that we need in critical times.

And the American people, time after time, have said, I'm going to elect a governor as president. And they've said that because they recognize that it's very difficult to determine what the major issues are going to be during a president's eight years. New things are going to pop up.

The economy may get in trouble, there may be a tsunami. We may have a flare-up in some part of the world we hadn't anticipated. And what they're looking for is a president, not a general or an expert in a particular area, but instead a president who has judgment, wisdom, the ability to make difficult decisions, has the temperament to make those kind of decisions, the calm under fire, the willingness to reach out to other people, listen to ideas, exchange views, establish on a deliberative basis, if you have the time, the information that you need to make the right decision.

So the people of America, time after time, have made the choice to select a leader, a person with executive leadership, and I think that's what the American public ought to do today. I think that instead of saying, oh, let's find who has the most expertise in a particular area that may be critical right now, let's instead determine who's the person that brings the qualities of leadership that are so essential in such a troubled time.

And we have a lot of challenges. We're facing an economic challenge from China unlike anything we've ever known before, and India. We're facing schools that are failing, health care that is leaving 47 million people behind, taxes which are rising and rising out of control, energy costs. Here in New Hampshire, you've got energy costs going up and up and up. Illegal immigration -- I was surprised today to hear that the Clintons endorsed Senator McCain's immigration plan.

We've got problems, and it's time to have a president, in my view, and it's always time to have a president whose skill and expertise is in being an executive leader.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you have a minute to rebut. You made the ad targeting Governor Romney's comments. What's he missing?

WINNER Well, first of all, could I comment, maybe we haven't always gotten the best result from those, quote, "governors," depending on which one you look at.

Second of all, then-Governor Reagan fought communism for 30 years. He traveled over 60 countries in the world. He had been a special envoy president, so he knew national security policy. And it's very clear to most observers that you need to have the knowledge and the background and particularly in this complex world and the complex challenges we face.

I know Musharraf. Pakistan was off the radar until these things happened. I know how to deal with Pakistan. I've been to Waziristan. I know these issue and I've been involved in them for the last 20 years.

I haven't always agreed with the administration. I opposed sending the Marines to Beirut.

It's important to know the players, know the issues and have the knowledge and background in order to address them, and I will leave that to the judgment of the American people as to whether they think that that is important in these very, very challenging times.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you said the other day that Governor Romney was "looking at his shoes," quote-unquote, during the Iraq war debate. What does that mean?

WINNER Well, it means that I never heard him criticize the Rumsfeld strategy. I did not hear him support the strategy that we are now employing, and in a previous debate he said it was apparently working, when it was clear, to those of us who know Iraq, those who know the situation on the ground, that it was working.

But, look, we'll have these differences and I hope that the American people will judge me on my merits and my experience and that's what I'm running for president on.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, a minute to respond?

LOSER Absolutely. I was running a state at the time the war was being entered into, and so I was not commenting on Don Rumsfeld or upon the president's management of the war. I did go to Iraq and spent time there and said that I was encouraged by the success of creating a coalition government and by the vote that occurred. But I also indicated that it was apparent that there had been intelligence failures, and those intelligence failures did indeed lead to the fact that we were under-prepared and under-planned. There were some who said there would be dancing in the streets when we came into Baghdad, and there was, but for a short period of time.

LOSER And our intelligence badly failed us in terms of understanding just how severe the crisis would be. We were understaffed by a dramatic amount.

And so I certainly was not looking at my shoes. I was running a state, and my responsibility was to do that well, and I think I did a pretty good job. My skill is in helping take on tough situations and be able to use judgment, decision-making skill and the ability to draw on the wisdom of other people to make good decisions.

And there have been great governors, Ronald Reagan being one of them, who brought an unusual set of skills to confront the greatest, if you will, foreign policy challenge we faced during the last century, the last half of the last century. And I'm convinced that it does not take a United States senator to become the president of the United States. It takes instead a person, first and foremost, who has the skills of empathy, listening, temperament, judgment, wisdom and decision making capacity.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you have criticized the Bush foreign policy for what you call its arrogant bunker mentality. You've said that we should shut down Guantanamo and ban waterboarding. You didn't know about the national intelligence estimate on Iran more than 24 hours after it was front page news. You didn't know that martial law was lifted in Pakistan two weeks after

LOSER I did know that.

MODERATOR  after it was. You said that it's a question as to whether or not it should be continued when it fact it had been lifted 10 days before

LOSER Continue

MODERATOR Can you honestly -- let me ask the question. You can get the minute to answer. Can you honestly say that you are ready to be commander-in-chief of this country?

LOSER Chris, I've been to 41 countries. I've been to Iraq, Afghanistan. I've been to Israel nine times. I've been to Syria, to Lebanon. I've been to Egypt. I've been all over Europe. I've been to Asia.

I've sat down with the heads of state, heads of multi-national countries. Governors lead trade missions. Governors deal with cultural exchanges, both here and abroad. As far as executive experience, I've got more than anyone running for president in terms of Democrat or Republican in running a government -- 10.5 years of being a governor; three years as being a lieutenant governor.

And not only do I have the experience of doing it, but I have experience of getting re-elected several times in a state where people of my party aren't all that popular to start out with. So I must have done something right.

I was selected by my peers to be the chairman of the National Governors Association. They must have thought something that I was doing was right. And Time Magazine said that I govern my state in a way to be called one of the five best governors in the country.

I think my leadership skills are clear. I led my state, and in every single area we improved -- education, health care, transportation, natural resources, job growth, cut taxes. Those are the areas that made life better for the people of my state.

MODERATOR But if I may get back to my original question commander-in-chief. And people see a pattern of either not knowing things or getting things wrong.

LOSER I don't think it's a pattern. I think it's a matter of when you make lots of speeches, there are going to be times when you have more of a slip. But I don't have a slip of my judgment. I don't have a slip of my character. I don't have a slip of the truth. I know where I stand. I have moral clarity. I have convictions.

Those convictions are solid, and they're the same that I've had for all my life -- that American ought to be the strongest nation on earth, that we ought to have the kind of military that nobody on this planet wants to engage in a battle, knowing that if they do, they're going to face the most unbelievably irresistible military force that's ever been assembled, knowing also that if they do engage that force, we will use everything in our power -- there will be no light footprint.

There will be heavy boots coming down on those would challenge us, and ultimately, if we have to engage -- and God help us that we hopefully don't -- but if we do, we won't have politicians who would interfere with the battlefield command decisions that have to be made by the people who have blood on their boots and medals on their chest.

And I'll be honest with you. Of the five of us sitting at this table, we all bring certain skills -- every one of us. Some are going to be a little different than others. I don't even think it's fair to say that a senator can't be a good president. We've had senators who were.

I think governors make good presidents, because they have in essence run a microcosm of the federal government and every aspect of those agencies. So they understand what the issues are. But it's ultimately the American people making a decision not about what we know, but about what kind of character do we have that would come to the table and make tough decisions.

MODERATOR Let me bring in Mayor Giuliani. John McCain says -- talk about a backhanded compliment -- that you did a great job of running New York after 9/11, but that it has

WINNER Damn good job.

LOSER OK. Thank you.

WINNER Do say it again. It was very nice.

MODERATOR But it has very little to do with national security. And he also points out that you still have never visited Iraq.

MODERATOR He's sitting right over there. Explain

LOSER Sure. My -- my being of mayor of New York City encompassed a lot more than just September 11, 2001.

For eight years, I had the safety and security of millions of people on my shoulders that I had to deal with, that I had to make decisions about. It's considered the second toughest job in the United States, and I had it under very difficult circumstances.

So, the first time being a crisis manager was not September 11, but of course, I am the only one here who actually has had to face an Islamic terrorist attack, right at the center of it, had to make decisions, had to make decisions immediately about how to deal with it. And it gives a pretty good indication that I have the leadership ability to handle whatever terrorists may be throwing at us in the future.

And also, with regard to foreign policy, I've negotiated with governments when I was in the Justice Department. I negotiated agreements on illegal immigration, I negotiated agreements on the movement of prisoners.

I worked on a task force on terrorism back in the Ford administration in the 1970s. Some of my knowledge of terrorism goes back almost to the very beginning of when it started.

In the Justice Department, I handled cases involving mostly organized crime and white collar crime, but also involving terrorism. I was in contact with governments all over the world in that regard.

I have also traveled 91 trips in the last six years, at 35 different countries. And when I had to take a stand for my country, I knew how to take a stand for my country.

I kept Arafat out of the U.N. 50 celebration. I threw him out of the U.N. 50 celebration.

I kept Castro out of -- I kept Castro out of that celebration. And when a Saudi prince handed me a $10 million check and wanted me to use it as a criticism of American foreign policy, I handed that check back to him and told him what to do with it, because I understand the critical issues on which you have to stand up for your country.

And as the mayor of New York I have been involved in one way or another in just about every single foreign policy issue because it just happens to be part of the DNA of New York, that you're involved with the policy with the U.N. there.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, there's kind of an interesting debate going on here, the question of foreign policy expertise which you and Senator McCain got in the Senate, versus management and executive expertise that the other three fellas have.

Where do you come down on this? I suspect you

LOSER Let me think about it.



Well, it's kind of interesting. My friend Mitt thinks expertise is important in all areas except national security. And of course, it is more important nowadays than it's ever been before.

These are different times. We face different kinds of enemies, a more protracted conflict from radical Islam than a lot of people probably realize and any of us would hope was the case, but it is. And it's important that we understand the world we live in.

I'm not sure it has to do with a number of countries. I could add my countries to the list, and Pakistan of course and that part of the world and others. But -- and I was on the Intelligence Committee, and I've met with our CIA officers in small soundproof rooms and faraway places, talking about what was going on in that particular country.

I was a Republican floor manager for the Homeland Security bill, which I like to think has helped somewhat us not have another 9/11. I was chairman of the Government Affairs Committee, which has proliferation jurisdiction, among a lot of other things.

So I think it is valuable.

I disagree with my friend Mike here, not from missteps, which everyone can make, but when thinking of the first thing to say, or one of the main things to say with regard to our foreign policy, is that it's arrogant and he's concerned about the attitude of the rest of the world. Closing down Guantanamo because people will think better of us and bring those people apparently here which, would give them rights that they don't have there and become a part of our judicial system, and lifting the embargo on Castro, and things like that, I simply disagree in terms of a view of the world and the kind of world that we live in.

And finally, I'd say that on the issue of endorsement, I'm not sure what you're referring to about the Clintons, but wasn't it Ted Kennedy at your bill signing ceremony for your health care plan? Didn't he endorse that?

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER OK. I'll rest my case on health care.

MODERATOR I want to move on to another subject, but I want to give a couple of people time to clean up here.

You got a mention of you, Governor Huckabee. You start. One minute.

LOSER On the Guantanamo issue, I felt we should keep it open until the court case had come down indicating that there was no real substantive difference in whether they were in Guantanamo or Leavenworth. And I think that sort of changes the picture.

The fact is, I don't care what the rest of the world thinks. I care what America thinks. And it's become a divisive issue.

I went to Guantanamo, I visited it. Quite frankly, I visited every prison in my state. I know a little bit about the difference between what we operate and what we were operating at Guantanamo.

It wasn't that it wasn't too bad. The truth is, it was too darn good.

The conditions down there were amazingly hospitable. I thought a little bit too much for my taste, considering what these people had done.

LOSER So it's a matter of believing that we ought to have policy that brings this country together and not tears it apart. I don't think where we keep these people is as important as it is that we keep them and we don't let them go.

LOSER They get certain rights if they come here. They could get habeas corpus rights, being physically here, that they wouldn't otherwise get if they were in Guantanamo.

LOSER The courts are in a case right now to decide whether or not that that's going to be held.

LOSER As they are in Guantanamo. I mean, that's the assumption that they will be there.

LOSER But what I'm saying is if they're going to be the same

LOSER If they're going to be brought here

LOSER  in Leavenworth as Guantanamo, it shouldn't matter where they are geographically.

LOSER That's not the situation. It would be different if they were in Guantanamo -- I mean, if they were in Leavenworth.

MODERATOR I want to move on to immigration, but, first, I want to give you, Senator McCain, a final minute.

And, also, before you -- in the last segment, I thought I heard you say you know how to get Bin Laden. Is that true?

WINNER Sure.

MODERATOR How?

WINNER By giving us a human intelligence capability and by making it the top priority for all of the agencies of government and improving our intelligence capability dramatically, which is very badly needed right now.

But I want to -- since you mentioned my name, about Senate versus governor. It's not an accident that I received the endorsement of four former secretaries of state, Henry Kissinger, George Shultz, Larry Eagleburger, and Al Haig. It's not an accident that over 100 retired admirals and generals have endorsed my candidacy. But more important, it isn't my Senate experience that I rely on, Chris. It's my life experience. It's my time deprived of America, when I really grew to love her.

It's my experience in leading men and women into combat -- certainly, not into combat, leading men and women, as a commanding officer of a squadron in the United States Navy, of having the life experiences that has given me an experience that has probably been more meaningful and more helpful to my service to this country than perhaps my time in the United States Senate.

MODERATOR All right. I want to move on to a subject that had a lot of sparks last night, and that is immigration.

Senator McCain, I want to pick up with you, because Governor Romney, last night and has for some time, attacked your immigration reform plan, McCain-Kennedy, as amnesty.

And the fact is while illegals would have to pay a fine, the vast majority would have gotten visas that would put them on the path to citizenship without ever having to leave the United States.

Isn't that, that kind of guarantee, a form of amnesty?

WINNER Well, first of all, the C visa, as Governor Romney refers to, was an earned right, not an automatic one. Two million people that Secretary Chertoff has said are in this country illegally have to be rounded up and deported immediately.

So, certainly, amnesty for all or even citizenship for all was not allowed.

Second of all, you had to have a job. You had to go through the naturalization process. You had to pay a fine. You had to do many things.

And during this debate and discussion, we talked about different -- because it ended up not leaving the floor of the Senate -- about this touchback provision for some.

But, look, we all know the debate has gone on about who wants, quote, "amnesty" and, of course, I have never ever supported amnesty and never will. But the point is we've got to work together and move forward and solve this problem.

Our borders are broken. We have to fix them and that's our first priority and as president, I will secure our borders and I will have the governors of border states certify those borders are secure. Then we move on to the ways that we discussed last night, a temporary worker program that works, addressing the issue of the people who are here illegally in a humane fashion.

I'm not interested in calling up a mother of a son or a daughter who's fighting in Iraq and telling them, I'm not interested in calling the son or daughter in Iraq and telling them I'm deporting their mother.

We've got to address this issue in a humane and compassionate fashion. We've got to have national security first, which means secure our borders, and then we move forward together on this issue. That's the way we're going to resolve the issue of illegal immigration in America and American people want the borders secured first, but Americans are compassionate and loving and caring people and they will address it, I believe, in that fashion.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER We certainly are a compassionate and humane people and we're also a people who believe in the rule of law and we know there are people, millions of people who are waiting in line patiently to be able to come to this country, people who want to be reunited with family members, people who have skills that we need in this country, people who speak English.

And somehow saying for the 12 million or however many million that are here, "You all get to stay unless you committed a crime" -- I don't know how we know that 2 million have committed crimes, but let's say that it's 2 million.

LOSER You all get to stay -- get a job, pay $5,000 -- and you'll all get to stay in this country for the rest of your life. That strikes me as simply being unfair, unfair to the millions of people who have been waiting around the world.

When Senator McCain was asked about his plan back in 2003, he said amnesty would have to be part of the solution. He used the word, and I believe that amnesty in any form, whether technical amnesty or just de facto amnesty or generally amnesty, it just doesn't work. The reason is, it attracts more people to do the same thing that the people in the past have done.

It says, let's go to America, we know we're going to get to stay forever. It's simply the wrong approach. We welcome people to get in line with everybody else, but there should be no special pathway, no special privilege to remain in this country for the rest of their lives.

WINNER In 2005, not that along ago -- I think it was 2005 -- Governor Romney, when told about the plan, said it was reasonable and, quote, "not amnesty." We need to get beyond this. We need to sit down together and work this out, and we have to figure out a way of addressing the issue of the other 10 million.

By the way, it was Secretary Chertoff who said there's 2 million who have committed crimes in this country and we have to get them out of this country. And of course it's not automatic. They have to do many things in order to qualify, and it's an earned ability to do so.

Many will be deported, unfortunately, or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, but, again, instead of fighting about who's for this and who's for that, we have a national security challenge. We have an issue that's de facto amnesty because of the 12 million people that are still here illegally. And we need to sit down together and in the kind of conversation the rest of us had last night about how we can come up with a real solution and address it and address it in a way that we can be proud of at the end of the day.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, at an earlier debate, you had a memorable exchange with Governor Romney about your plan that would have allowed the children of illegals in-state tuition to college. And, at the time, you said we shouldn't punish children from the actions of their parents.

On the other hand, shortly after that, you came out with a very tough immigration plan, which mandates that all illegals must leave the country and return to their home within 120 days if they want to become legals. Aren't you in effect, in that plan, punishing those very children that you said you didn't want to punish?

LOSER Not at all, because as long as those children are here and people question their authenticity for being here, they live in the shadows. They live hiding.

No person living in the United States of America, Chris, ought to live in the shadows, ought to live in fear, ought to hide. The beauty of this country is we live with our heads up. We live with dignity, we live with pride, we live with honor, and as long as people are living illegally, they can't.

And I know I'm going to be questioned, do I still stand by that idea that we treat the children differently, who didn't commit a crime? And let me just be very clear, yes, I do stand beside that, because I don't think you punish a child for what a parent did.

Now, the fact is, under the plan that I put forth -- and it's tough. It says build a fence. It does say after you have a fence, I believe built by American laborers with American material, people should be asked to go back and get in the back of the line. The only place to get in the back of the line is in their home country. There's no line here.

LOSER How about the kids in school, them, too, or not?

LOSER Mitt, I'm talking to Chris right now, if you don't mind.

MODERATOR Well, that is actually a question I was going to ask.

LOSER Well, you can ask it, but I've decided that you're the moderator of the debate, not Mitt, and he's tried to engage me in this.

And I appreciate you very much, but I believe I'll let Chris be the moderator here.

MODERATOR What about the children in school?

LOSER Well, here's the point. If the families go back, they're going to take their children with them. And when those children go back and then they get in line and they get back into the United States, then this issue is resolved.

The reason we have the problem we have is because our federal government has broken it, has caused it to be dysfunctional, and we've got to get it fixed.

The one thing I do agree, whether it's with Senator McCain, Mayor Giuliani, Fred Thompson, anyone here, is that this problem isn't going to get solved by seeing if we can throw flash words at each other. It's going to get solved when we sit down like reasonable human beings and decide that we've got to do something that fixes the problem by sealing the border, first and foremost. But I absolutely believe that as a governor, I had to educate those kids. That wasn't an option for me. The mayor had the same situation in New York. By law, you educate children and, also, it doesn't make sense to turn kids out on the street, because then you're going to end up with a much bigger problem in the education policy.

MODERATOR Governor, I'm going to give you 30 seconds

LOSER OK.

MODERATOR  because we need to move on.

Thirty seconds. If you have the child of an illegal immigrant and he is in high school in Little Rock, and now under the Huckabee -- President Huckabee's plan, he and his family all have to move back to Mexico, aren't you punishing that kid? He's a sophomore in high school and now he's been dragged out of Little Rock, and he's living in Tijuana.

LOSER I guess his parents could leave him there if he's a senior in high school, but I think most families, particularly if you understand about most of the immigrant families, they're a family- loving people. These are not people that want to split their families up, they want to keep their families together.

They come here for their families, Chris. They come here so their kids will have an opportunity. They come here so their kids have groceries to eat.

These are people who don't come here because they're escaping wealth so they can come to poverty. They're escaping poverty so they can have a chance to have wealth.

And the point I'm making is that if we're going to have this problem fixed, let's actually fix it. And all the rhetoric that we've thrown out about who is more for amnesty and who is less for amnesty, I mean, a lot of that is pure nonsense.

What we need to do is say, seal the border, have a plan to get in the back of the line. No free rides.

We won't have amnesty. And I think every one of us, including John McCain, agrees with that. Get a system that we can live it, and then let's don't ever make this mistake again.

We all love to invoke the name of Ronald Reagan. Let's not forget, with all due respect, Ronald Reagan was the one who signed the amnesty bill back in the '80s that's given us the mess now.

We all love him, we all want to be like him, but even Ronald Reagan can make mistakes. And we need to fix the mistake.

MODERATOR All right.

Mayor Giuliani, back in 1994 -- and I'm not going to go through the quote, but you talked then about how much if you work hard, we want you in this city, talking about illegal immigrants. Now you have a very tough plan -- seal the border, crack down on employers.

Why and when did you change your view about the value of immigrants?

LOSER Well, but the problem in New York City was I had 400,000 illegal immigrants. The federal government could deport no more than 2,000 a year. I had to deal with them in a humane, decent and sensible way. And I did.

I let them go to school, I let them report crime, and I let them go to hospitals to get treatment, which were humane, decent things to do. My predecessor mayors had done the same thing, and I'm very proud that we did that.

We also turned over every criminal to the immigration service to have them thrown out of the city, thrown out of the country. And the immigration service couldn't throw out even, you know, a percentage of the numbers we would turn over to them.

Every single one of us sitting here, including Ronald Reagan, has made mistakes in this illegal immigration area because this is very complicated and very difficult. The most important thing is, who has the best plan to fix it right now?

I believe I have the best plan to fix it right now. It is a plan to put a fence, technological, as well as physical, to warn the Border Patrol of people approaching the border, to use a border stat system to stop them from coming in, in the first place. We can only stop this at the border.

And then to set up a tamper-proof I.D. card that everyone would have to get. There should be a rule about coming into the United States.

The rule should be like this you have to identify yourself if you want to come into the United States. Every other country has this rule. We should have that rule.

If you get your tamper-proof I.D. card, you can come in, you can work. You pay taxes. If you want to become a citizen, you get on line, you don't get preference over anyone else. And at the end of the line, you're going to have to be able to read English, write English and speak English.

It would take four or five years to accomplish this. It needs to be a comprehensive solution, but it needs to begin -- and I think this is the lesson we all learned this year, John and all of us learned going around the country. It has to begin by securing the borders with the fence, technological border patrol, border stat system.

We can do this. We can stop people from coming and teach them to come in the right way.

And we're not doing any favors for the illegals who come in here and work in a surreptitious way. It is a horrible life, it's a difficult life. If we can make this change, this country will be a much better country and we will preserve all the wonderful things about immigration, which is one of the things that's made us so great.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, you say that both Governor Romney and Mayor Guiliani are latecomers to this whole issue

LOSER Can I add my friend Governor Huckabee to that list?

MODERATOR OK. You say that you were walking the walk

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR You say that you were walking the walk before they were even talking the talk.

Make your

LOSER I couldn't have said it better. And I guess I did, didn't I?

MODERATOR Yes, you did.

LOSER Well, my friends here on both sides, really, had policies that basically were, if you make it in you're kind of home free. And in large part it was based on compassion. And there's been a lot of talk, rightfully so, in terms of children.

My concern is what we're saying to the other parents and children that are in Mexico, for example, now. Are we encouraging our policies, encouraging the next generation of people to take the risk of going across the border and being killed or being raped or being herded into the back of a van or something like that to try to make it across the border?

LOSER It's not good for them. It's not good for our country. We can't be dependent upon the next generation or another 12 million of illegals, as the governor says, living in the shadows with less education, many of whom do not speak the language, in a time when our entitlement programs are already overburdened, at a time when people are talking about disparities of economic conditions, and the fact that education plays a large part in that.

It's not good for our country; it's not good for them.

And when I hear a president of Mexico chide us for enforcing the border, you know, I would say to him What does it say about the leadership of a country when the exportation of their own citizens is an economic necessity? They need to look at home at their own policy.

We're engaging in trade with them. We're doing some good things with Mexico. We're doing some work in the illegal drug and gang area that's a good cooperative effort.

I think that our trade agreements have been a net benefit for both countries, really. But we have to look out for the long-term best interest of our country, which I think happens to be in the long- term best interest of the people of his country.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, thank you.

Gentlemen, it's time for another quick break, but our Republican presidential forum continues here on FOX News Channel and FOX News Radio right after these messages.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back now for the final segment of our Candidates Forum from the Fox Box on the campus of Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire.

Let's turn to the campaign and the way it is being waged. Mitt Romney has run negative ads against Mike Huckabee in Iowa and now John McCain in New Hampshire. Let's see some of his greatest hits.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

ANNOUNCER McCain opposes repeal of the death tax and voted against the Bush tax cuts twice. McCain pushed to let every illegal immigrant stay here permanently. He even voted to allow illegals to collect Social Security.

ANNOUNCER Mike Huckabee? Soft on government spending. He grew a $6 billion government into a $16 billion Government, backed in-state tuition benefits for illegals, and granted 1,043 pardons and commutations, including 12 murderers. His foreign policy? "Ludicrous," says Condoleezza Rice.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, back in 1988, Bob Dole famously said to George Bush, "Stop lying about my record."

WINNER It didn't do him a lot of good.

MODERATOR No, it didn't. But I want to ask you Is Mitt Romney lying about your record?

WINNER Look, these are attack ads. I don't think they work. But I'm running a positive campaign. I wish you'd have shown one of mine. They're worth millions.

LOSER Please, would you put his on? Please do.

WINNER So, look, I'm running for president because I want to lead this country, and I believe I have the experience and knowledge and background. We're running -- basically, we responded once.

But, look, the message that we're trying to give, and I will continue to give, is why I'm qualified to lead. And people in New Hampshire, the town hall meetings, the interfacing we've had with them, is what's been wonderful for me.

It's been the greatest experience of my life now to have a second opportunity to come before the people of New Hampshire. And I think they'll judge us overall by the kind of campaign we run.

MODERATOR You suggested after he lost in Iowa the negative ads were one of the reasons that Governor Romney lost.

WINNER Obviously, since I didn't come in even second -- by the way, I'm demanding a recount with Senator Thompson.

(CROSSTALK)

WINNER But I still think that was a bad count. I think there were some hanging chads there.

Look, everybody runs their own campaigns. The people make the judgment. We respond. But, look, politics isn't beanbag, and we're moving on.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you have said that Mitt Romney is running a, quote, "desperate and dishonest campaign." Explain.

LOSER Well, there were some of the things in the ads that were misleading, but I'm also at the point where I realize that I made a tough decision.

It was, frankly, a tough decision, because you're very tempted to go out and respond to these negative attack ads with a counterpunch. I made the decision I wasn't going to do that.

And I think the people of Iowa rewarded me handsomely with this resounding victory, even though I was incredibly outspent and outmanned there. I think it was a great affirmation of what people are looking for in their next president.

They want a president who's for something, not who's just against the other people who are running for president. And I really believe the decision I made was part of the reason that we won and won decisively.

And I think it's one of the reasons we're going to continue to win in this country, because people are looking for a positive president who leads not so much horizontally -- left, right, liberal, conservative, Democrat, Republican -- but vertically, up, not down.

And I'm absolutely convinced that if we could change the tone and the tenor of the political discourse in this country and make it where it is more civil that it would dramatically change the way we govern, as well as the way we get to those offices.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, why do your ads seem to spend so much time attacking your opponents rather than laying out a positive agenda of your own?

LOSER Well, actually, as you know, and as the people of both New Hampshire and Iowa know, I have spent a lot of money on ads over an entire year overwhelmingly focused on my positions and what I believe we ought to do for the country.

So my message has been very positive, and it's propelled me from a virtual unknown to being well-known and pretty well respected in these two states, but hats off to Mike for winning in Iowa, did a terrific job there.

I do think that there's a difference between an attack ad, where people go after somebody based on their character, and describing someone's record. If people think their record or their positions is an attack ad, that's a strange thing.

In both cases, we verified the facts; we got information from respected journals and so forth to put down the record and then let people compare the differences.

Of course I focused on places where there are differences. But issues are important. And describing differences on issues, like on illegal immigration or on commutations and pardons, I think it's important.

Now, I should note that some of the ads that have come back or some of the words that have come back have been very different than just talking about issues. Senator McCain's ad was pretty tough.

Actually, I thought Mike's chairman was a little tougher. He said he wanted to kick my teeth in. And I only commented that, well, don't touch my hair. That's all I said.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, are you persuaded by Governor Romney's argument?

LOSER Just keep Ed back, will you?

LOSER Remember "Almost Persuaded"?

LOSER Yes, that's right. I remember the hymn quite well. It was "Almost Persuaded," though, Fred.

WINNER Is that Chuck Norris that's

LOSER Yes, Chuck Norris is standing outside right now.

LOSER If John Wayne was here, I'd have him beat him up.

LOSER I'm not totally persuaded, because if you tell a half- truth as if it is the full truth, then it can become an untruth.

And if you talk about commutations and say, OK, there's commutations, but you don't tell the whole story -- I had 8,700 applications on my desk, 8,700. Denied 90 percent of them.

Some of them that I did were things like an 18-year-old with a hot check conviction who at age 35 couldn't get a job without a pardon. Every state has different laws as it relates to that.

When it comes to things like spending, no less than the New York Times took that ad apart and said that it was absolutely untrue and said that the spending in my state did not increase, as he had indicated, but that if you took those figures that it was very comparable to what it increased in Massachusetts and it was more like 3.9 percent during the 10.5 years that I was governor.

LOSER It's easier to take other people's records and to twist and to turn and to make them sound somewhat ominous, but one thing I do know is that the people of my state apparently like the way I governed, because they not only kept reelecting me -- and I think that's significant when you're a Republican in a state where 90 percent of the elected officials are Democrat.

But when I left office with a surplus and with better schools, better roads, better health care, better natural resources and a better job market, I know this, my approval ratings were still some of the highest of any elected official in my state.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you said today that you felt that you have been hurt by the tag of flip-flopper, that in some people's minds it has stuck. And when we talked earlier today, you said that in fact you think your record as a flip-flopper pales in comparison to some of the other people up here at the table.

LOSER What I'd say is I'm certainly not the only person at this table that's changed their mind on a position. And I certainly would far be in favor of a person who has the willingness to say "I was wrong" and change their position and become right than someone who is so stubborn as to say they're not going to change their position.

So have I changed my position ever on an issue? Absolutely. I've told people time and again that I was wrong when it came to the issue of abortion, and I became pro life, and that was several years ago. I explained why it was and I'm not going to apologize for that.

But I do think that in the political world, I understand that people are characterizing one another, poke fun at you different things and that's part of the political process. I'm not going to whine about that, but I want to make sure that people understand what my record is and that it doesn't get twisted and turned, just as Governor Huckabee doesn't want his record twisted and turned.

We checked very carefully on the facts that we proposed. As he indicates, he gave out 1,033 pardons. I gave out no pardons. He gave out 12 pardons to convicted murderers. I gave out none. That's a difference.

Now he says, gosh, you've got to tell the rest of the story. Well, I've got a 30-second ad. I can't tell a lot of the story, other than to point out that there are some differences.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you have been hurt, your campaign has, by ethics issues in recent weeks. Your former police commissioner, Bernie Kerik, has been indicted on corruption charges. There have been stories about your visiting your then girlfriend when you were still married.

Do you have too much baggage to lead the Republican Party?

LOSER Both of those issues I think have been answered. The second one was answered in the "New York Times" on page 37, and the "New York Time" pointed out that all of those expenses were paid for by the police department. They were all appropriate.

I'm glad that they were answered and answered appropriately. I wish they hadn't been on page 37. And with regard to Bernie Kerik, I explained it was a mistake. I should have cleared him more carefully three years ago when I recommended him to the president. That was my mistake.

But I've also appointed thousands of people. It has to be that I mostly make the right judgment about people because of the results that I've gotten, as a United States attorney, results against organized crime, as a mayor, results against crime, bringing down welfare, increasing the economy of the city, turning the city into a place of great hope, when it had been a place of hopelessness.

Look, all of us have pros and cons on our record. What America is looking for is not a perfect person. America is looking for a leader, someone who can give the United States hope, someone that can give the United States optimism, someone that can return to our people more of the sense of their ability to take control of their lives by making more choices about their children, making more choices about their health care. That's how we energize the spirit of America.

Every single candidate, you go through every single record here, every single candidate, you're going to find that they have at certain points made mistakes along the way. If they haven't, they've probably never done anything.

In my case, I've done a lot of things. I've made my share of mistakes. When I do, I own up to them, I learn from them and I don't make them again.

MODERATOR I want to just follow up to this extent. Can you assure Republican voters, because you say these cases are settled, but in fact the Bernie Kerik case is not settled, is going to be a trial, a prosecution -- can you assure Republican voters that nothing will come out

LOSER Absolutely.

MODERATOR  which does allegedly involve links to organized crime, that nothing will come out that will embarrass Republican voters if you are the nominee.

LOSER It has nothing to do with me. It's been gone over and over and over again. The only way it connects to me is I should have looked into him more carefully when I recommended him. I should have done a better job of vetting him. That was my mistake. I take full responsibility for that. I apologized to the president for it, and it will not happen again.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you will be 72 years old by election day. That means that if you are elected, you would be the oldest first-term president in the history of this country

LOSER  more carefully when I recommended him. I should have done a better job of vetting him.

That was my mistake. I take full responsibility for that. I apologized to the president for it, and it will not happen again.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you will be 72 years old by Election Day. That means that if you are elected, you would be the oldest first-term president in the history of this country. The other day you suggested that you might only run for one term.

Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

WINNER Please elect me for eight years, I'm not sure that's a vote getter.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

WINNER I'm not sure it's a vote getter. Hey, I'm running for an eight-year term? I don't think most people would take that very well -- make that welcome. What happens

MODERATOR Would you -- let me just ask

WINNER Sure.

MODERATOR  would you consider pledging to run for only four years?

WINNER No, because I think then you're the lame duck, you're quacking on Inauguration Day. But look, I would point out that when Ronald Reagan won the Cold War, he was in his second term older than me. I think that's pretty good, isn't it?

Look, I've got the vigor. I've been -- everybody has seen me here on the campaign trail. We work 16, 18 hours a day.

It's exhilarating, I am excited. And I'm sure that anybody who looks at my schedule, both in the Senate, but mostly on the campaign trail, I think they would be very pleased. And look, I am older than dirt. I've got more scars than Frankenstein, but I've learned a lot of things along the way.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, we have about five minutes left.

LOSER I just want to say, I've met his mother.

WINNER My 95-year-old mother.

LOSER She's got the vigor. Of all the things we can criticize John McCain on, I wouldn't even go there.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR We have about five minutes left.

WINNER Thank you.

MODERATOR And I want to ask you each -- it's not a closing statement, but it's the same question for all of you. And we'll start with Mayor Giuliani and work our way down the table here.

All the polls indicate that this looks, at least at this point, like it's going to be a Democratic year. To beat Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, you're going to have to energize a dispirited Republican base, you're going to have to reach out to Independents.

I'd like each of you, starting with Mayor Giuliani, to tell me, tell the audience, why you are the best person to be the Republican nominee and to win, hold the White House for Republicans.

Mayor?

LOSER Because over the course of my career I have had to take on very big challenges, very big crises. I have been tested. I have been tested by having to deal with these problems, and I have been able to get results that other people weren't able to get.

In many situations, it turned out to be where bipartisan compromise had to be worked out. I was mayor of a city that was 5-1 Democratic. In order to accomplish anything, I had to figure out how to work with Democrats, how to get things done, how to work with Independents, and we got many, many things done.

We reduced taxes, we reduced crime dramatically. We reduced the size of government. And most importantly, we took over a city where people were hopeless and we left with a city where people felt the city was moving in the right direction.

Right now there are people in this country -- it concerns me greatly -- who believe that this country is moving in the wrong direction. It is not.

This country is not moving in the wrong direction. It's a question of leadership. It's a question of optimism and perspective.

We need to tackle big problems. And that's what I am good at. We need to provide energy independence. We have to deal with health care. And we have to remain on offense in the Islamic terrorist war against us.

I believe I have been tested. I believe I am ready. And I believe this is the time for the kind of leadership that I can bring to this country.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

LOSER Politically, I think I am the only one here who has never lost an election. I haven't run that many, but I have carried a state with 20 points twice and a state that Bill Clinton carried twice. The last time I ran, I received the largest number of votes of any person running for office in the history of Tennessee.

Substantively, I, for eight years, fought for strong national security. I talked about my background a little bit earlier.

I fought for five major tax cuts. We balanced the budget four times, fought for good, strong conservative judges who would follow the law instead of making it up as they go along, and had 100 percent pro-life voting record.

I think the president has to have credibility and the courage to speak the truth to the American people. Occasionally, I had a 90-1 vote in the Senate where I was the only one.

I am interested in the future of my country and the kind of world my children and grandchildren are going to grow up in. It's not for a personal aggrandizement. For me, I think better days are ahead of us if we, the American people, do our primary duty, and that is leave this place a little better than what we found it.

I am determined and committed to do that. And I can provide the leadership to do that with credibility in the eyes of the American people.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I think there are three things. First is a personal issue of having lived a life like a lot of Americans have lived it. And I think that's one of the reasons my campaign has connected with people.

Abraham Lincoln said God must love the common man, he made so many of them. I think that's an important thing, to understand that struggle.

LOSER I think another thing is consistency with the principles of our party, which is that we believe in lower taxes, less spending. We're a party that believes in the sanctity of human life. That's important to us; it's a critical issue.

Consistency on defending the Second Amendment and state's rights, also believing that mothers and fathers raise better kids than governments do. Governments shouldn't interfere and let parents raise their own kids.

And there are other principles, but I think the other issue is the practical experience, having actually run a government for a long period of time, doing it in such a way that your voters re-elected you, but doing it in such a way that, at the end, you actually solved problems.

And Americans are looking -- more than they're looking for ideology, they're looking for practical solutions to the problems that they deal with every day. And they'd like to think that someone sitting at that desk is thinking about their problems and not just getting re-elected.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER Chris, I got into this race because my family told me I ought to. And I agreed with them.

I love my kids. I love my grandkids. And I'm concerned about the America they're going to inherit and the America that the kids of America are all going to inherit.

And I'm concerned because America is at a crossroads. We face extraordinary challenges, but also great opportunities. There has been more change and will be more change in the next decade than we've seen during our lifetime.

And if America draws upon the strength of the American spirit and the innovative capacity of our nation, which I know how to do -- I spent my life doing that -- if we fix what's broken in Washington and get Washington to finally deal with the challenges we have, from a comprehensive strategy to overcome global jihad, to becoming energy independent over some period of time, to fixing our schools, to getting health care for our citizens, to keeping our tax burdens down, to protecting our jobs in this country, if we do those things, this country's future will be even brighter than our past. I've spent my life in a place where I've been able to bring change, whether it's the private sector for 25 years, whether it was at the Olympics to help turn those games around when they were in trouble, or as governor of Massachusetts.

And I will change Washington to make sure that the America our kids inherit is every bit as great, even greater, than what we received from the greatest generation.

MODERATOR And Senator McCain?

WINNER I believe America is -- the greatest days are ahead of us. And I think at this time, though, we need leadership.

And I think I bring the experience and the knowledge in order to make the judgments that are necessary as we face these transcendent challenges.

We're in two wars. We face the threat of radical Islamic extremism. We also have to restore trust and confidence in government that's been badly eroded.

And we're going to have to do some work to re-energize our Republican base. And I can do that, too, as well as reach out to independents. My ambition is to make this country safe and keep our future secure.

And I'd like to thank the people of New Hampshire for this wonderful experience. Thank you so much for being part of this incredible process called democracy. And this is what it's all about.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, that's it for the FOX Republican Presidential Candidates Forum. Now all of you go your separate ways, with just one full day of campaigning left before the first-in-the- nation primary here.

Thank you all for taking part in this. And good luck in the campaign trail to all of you.

MODERATOR Well, it is time for the great debate to begin. Let's go to Charlie Gibson at St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.

Charlie?

MODERATOR Thanks very much, Diane.

And we have been joined on the stage by the six leading Republican candidates for the Republican nomination for president. And I want to introduce them to you from left to right.

The positions in which they sit were drawn by lot, and so let me introduce them from left to right Senator John McCain from the state of Arizona, former Senator Fred Thompson from Tennessee, Congressman Ron Paul from Texas, former Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, former Governor Mike Huckabee from Arkansas, and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani from the city of New York.

And, gentlemen, just at the risk of being repetitive, I hope you will take the questions posed in these first 45 minutes and I hope, to the extent we can, discuss them among yourselves.

MODERATOR This is not about me asking questions, as I told the national audience a few moments ago, but about you talking to one another, pointing up the differences between yourselves.

I hope you will think of this as sort of a semi-circular dining room table. We were a little chintzy on the food, but I hope you will look at it that way.



I thank you all for being here and I genuinely look forward to this, so let us begin. And I'll start the stop-watch.

President Bush said in his end-of-the-year news conference, "During the primaries and during the general election I suspect my name may come up a lot." So let's bring it up.

I want to start with foreign policy. Just to set some context, we've got a little background here from ABC's Jonathan Karl.

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)

JONATHAN KARL, ABC CORRESPONDENT When he was on the debate stage eight years ago...

GEORGE W. BUSH, R-TX If we're an arrogant nation, they'll resent us. If we're a humble nation...

KARL ... candidate George Bush promised a humble foreign policy.

After September 11, a new Bush doctrine the United States would hit its enemies before they hit us.

KARL Hence, the Iraq war.

On terrorism, President Bush told the world you're either with us or you're against us. With the second term, an even bolder vision.

PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH With the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

KARL Sounding like Woodrow Wilson, the president vowed to push for democracy everywhere.

There are exceptions. Support for Musharraf in Pakistan, for example, and the nuclear deal offered to North Korea.

From the axis of evil to nation-building in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Bush policy has been bold but not exactly humble.

Charlie?

MODERATOR So, let me start with a general question If you are the nominee, will you run on the Bush foreign policy record, or will you run away from it?

And, Governor Huckabee, let me start with you, because it was you who wrote that the Bush foreign policy reflects an arrogant bunker mentality.

LOSER And when I made those statements, I was speaking to the fact that there were times when we gave the world the impression that we were going to ignore what they thought or what they felt, and we were going to do whatever it is we wanted to do.

And the fact is, we're going to do what is best for the American people. And as president, I will always act in the best interest of our country.

But I'll always try to make sure that we're the strongest nation on Earth, the most powerful, the most prepared, but also the one that uses that strength in a very, very understanding way of making sure that when we use the strength we use it with full understanding of the implications of it.

Let me just finish the thought, Charlie, if I may.

There were times when the arrogance was reflected, for example, in the former defense secretary who, despite getting advice from the Defense Department that we would need 400,000 troops to be able to successfully bring stability to Iraq, insisted that we would only use 180,000 troops and we would go in with a light footprint.

LOSER And there was one particular statement that he made that I found especially troubling. He said, "We don't go to war with the army that we want; we go to war with the army that we have."

I felt that the proper way for us to approach this is we don't go to war with the army we have, we go to war with the army that we need, and we make sure that we have what we need before we go to war, including a clear definition of what we're going to do, irresistible force when we do it, and once we do it, we don't let the politicians interfere or interrupt the battlefield decisions of the commanders with blood on their boots and medals on their chest.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

SENLOSER Well, I think that maybe the governor has rethought his comments that he made about an arrogant foreign policy, because it seems now what he's saying is that we were arrogant because we didn't go in with enough troops.

SENLOSER I think that's kind of a different impression than the one that he originally sought to leave.

I don't think our foreign policy has been arrogant. Presidents are not perfect; policies are not perfect.

But the bottom line is, we are in a global war with radical Islam. They declared on us -- war on us a long, long time ago. We took note, really, for the first time on September 11 of 2001.

We must do whatever is necessary to protect ourselves.

We weren't considered to be arrogant in Afghanistan when we went in there and won that conflict.

I agree that we made a mistake in terms of going into Iraq as far as the number of troops are concerned. And I think a flawed strategy also. I think that's been rectified now. And I think we're on the -- on the way to prevailing there.

And because we are prevailing there, I think it's going to be for a safer United States of America.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, would you run on the president's foreign policy record or away from it?

MAYORLOSER I think you run on your foreign policy ideas, theories and policies, which I've laid out in articles.

And I think the president got the big decision of his presidency right the big decision that he made on September 20th, 2001, when he put us on offense against Islamic terrorism. And I give him great credit for that. Because we had been dealing with Islamic terrorism incorrectly up until then. We had been on defense. We had been responding.

The president set a whole different mindset. It was Let's anticipate, let's see if we can prevent another attack.

That led to Afghanistan, it led to Iraq, it's led to the Patriot Act, it's led to electronic surveillance, it's led to changing our intelligence services. All that is very, very good.

Mistakes have also been made. Mistakes were made particularly in the period of time after the capture of Saddam Hussein and, now, a year ago, when we got to the surge policy.

MODERATOR Well, let me bring up...

MAYORLOSER And...

MODERATOR I'm sorry. Go ahead.

MAYORLOSER ... if I may add, I think one of the things that would help answer some of the issues that have come up is, we should increase the size of our military.

Bill Clinton cut the military drastically. It was called the peace dividend, one of those nice-sounding phrases very devastating. It was a 25, 30 percent cut in the military.

President Bush has never made up for that. Our Army had been at 725,000; it's down to 500,000. We need at least 10 more combat brigades. We need our Marines at 200,000. We need a 300-ship Navy.

This president should do it now. If I'm president, I'll do it immediately.

MODERATOR Let me just ratchet up the question slightly and ask you if you believe in the Bush doctrine.

Because in September 2002 -- up for years, our foreign policy has been based on the idea that we form alliances, international consensus. We attack -- retaliate if we're attacked.

But in 2002, the president said we have a right to a pre-emptive attack, that we can attack if this country feels threatened.

MODERATOR And on that basis, WMD, we went into Iraq. We've cited the threat of a nuclear Iran to leave the military option on the table.

Do you agree with the doctrine, Senator McCain, if you were president, or would you change it?

WINNER I agree with the doctrine.

And I'd also like to give President Bush a little credit, as we have this discussion.

Right after 9/11, every expert in the world said there would be another attack on the United States of America. There hasn't been.

Now, maybe that's all by accident. But if there had been, I think it's very clear where the responsibility would have been placed. So I think we ought to give him credit for that.

We went through the greatest reorganization of government since the creation of the Defense Department and the creation of the Defense -- Department of Homeland Security.

And America is safer. America is not safe; America is safer.

WINNER I'd like to give the president some credit for that.

Now, I strongly disagreed with the strategy employed by Secretary Rumsfeld.

And by the way, I'm the only one here that disagreed at the time, and I'm the only one at the time that said we've got to employ a new strategy and outlined what it was, which is the Petraeus strategy.

I said at the time I had no confidence in the then-secretary of defense.

But we are succeeding now in Iraq. And the fact is as we blame the president for the failed strategy, we should give him credit for changing the strategy and changing the leadership so that we now have I think one of the finest military leaders in American history in David Petraeus.

So, look, I think we've got enormous challenges ahead of us. I think the transcendent challenge of the 21st century is radical Islamic extremists.

And the way, I'd like to give my friend the mayor for the great job that he did after 9/11 and the way that he and the president rallied this nation.

WINNER But I know how to lead, I've been involved in these issues, and I know how to solve them.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, let me ask you, do you agree with the Bush doctrine, or would you change it?

LOSER Well, I certainly agreed with his foreign policy that he ran on and that we, as Republicans, won in year 2000. You know, the humble foreign policy, no nation building, don't be the policeman of the world.

And we were strongly critical of the policy of the Clinton administration that did the opposite and we fell short. Of course, the excuse is that 9/11 changed everything.

But the Bush doctrine of preemptive war is not a minor change; this is huge. This is the first time we, as a nation, accept as our policy that we start the wars. I don't understand this.

And that all options are on the table to go after Iran?

This is not necessary. These are Third World nations. They're not capable.

But I think it's the misunderstanding or the disagreements that we've had in this debate along the campaign trail is the nature of the threat.

LOSER I'm as concerned about the nature of the threat of terrorism as anybody, if not more so. But they don't attack us because we're free and prosperous.

And there all radicals in all elements, in all religions that will resort to violence. But if we don't understand that the reaction is, is because we invade their countries and occupy their countries, we have bases in their country -- and we haven't done it just since 9/11, but we have done that a long time.

I mean, it was the Air Force base in Saudi Arabia before 9/11 that was given as the excuse.

If we don't understand that, we can't win this war against terrorism.

MODERATOR You can break in here, Governor Romney.

LOSER Well, unfortunately, Ron, you need a thorough understanding of what radical jihad is, what the movement is, what its intent is, where it flows from. And the fact is that it's trying to bring down not just us, but it's trying to bring down all moderate Islamic governments, Western governments around the world, as we just saw in Pakistan.

LOSER But let's step back with regards to the president.

The president is not arrogant. The president does not subject -- or is not subject to a bunker mentality. The president has acted out of his desire to keep America safe.

And we owe him a debt of gratitude for keeping this country safe over the last six years.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Let me continue with my own thoughts on the issue of do we follow his policy or create a new one.

He did the right thing in responding and reacting to the fact that we got attacked. And people now recognize You attack America and there is a response.

But we're going to have to move our strategy from simply being a respond to military threat with military action to an effort that says we're going to use our military and nonmilitary resources -- nonmilitary resources -- combined with other nations who are our friends to help move the world of Islam toward modernity and moderation.

It's something that former Prime Minister Aznar of Spain spoke about. The new mission for NATO and for other nations is to help provide the rule of law, education that's not through madrassas, agricultural and economic policies that can be instilled in various Islamic countries, so the Muslims are able to reject the extreme and the terrorists.

LOSER We can help them. Our military's going to be needed.

We do need -- I agree with what the mayor said -- we need to add to our military by at least 100,000 troops. But the answer is to move now to a second phase, a phase of helping Muslims become so strong they can reject the extreme.

SENLOSER Charlie, is this subject still open?

MODERATOR Sure.

SENLOSER Can we comment on that?

I served on the Intelligence Committee in the Senate. I was the floor manager for the Republicans on the homeland security bill, so I have a bit of a different vantage point than some of my colleagues on this.

The question had to do with preemption.

Preemption didn't just appear one day as a good idea. After the Cold War, we had one big enemy and one big weapon against us. When we, kind of, took a holiday from history in the 1990s and let our military slide and our intelligence capability slide, the world was changing. We now have multiple enemies. We now have terrorists and terrorist groups, Al Qaida, rogue nations in different stages of developing nuclear weapons.

SENLOSER We must be prepared for the different kind of weaponry that we're facing. We could be attacked with a biological weapon and not even know it for a long period of time. This is a different world.

So, instead of mutual assured destruction, which we lived under for a long time, it's now a world where preemption has got to be an option under the right circumstances.

MODERATOR So you would keep the Bush policy?

SENLOSER Things that happen on the other side of the world sometimes can affect us, such as perhaps Pakistan.

We should only go in where we should and where we're able to.

MODERATOR Let me...

MAYORLOSER Charlie?

MODERATOR Yeah, go ahead.

MAYORLOSER Just make one point.

Ron's analysis is really seriously flawed. The idea that the attack took place because of American foreign policy is precisely the reason I handed back a $10 million check to a Saudi prince who gave me the money at ground zero for the twin towers fund and then put out a press release saying America should change its foreign policy.

MAYORLOSER It seems to me, if you don't face this squarely -- there's an Islamic, terrorism threat against us. It's an existential threat. It has nothing to do with our foreign policy. It has to do with their ideas, their theories, the things that they have done and the way they've perverted their religion into a hatred of us.

And what's at stake are the things that are best about us our freedom of religion, our freedom for women, our right to vote, our free economic system.

Our foreign policy is irrelevant -- totally irrelevant. If you read what they write, if you bother to listen to what they say, this comes out of their own perverted thinking.

LOSER Charlie?

MODERATOR Go ahead.

LOSER Let me try to explain so you can understand this better.

Try to visualize how we would react if they did that to us, if a country, say China, came that great distance across the ocean, and they say, "We want you to live like us. We want you to have our economic system. We want bases on your land. We want to protect our oil."

Even if we do that with good intentions -- even if the Chinese did that with good intentions, we would all be together and we'd be furious.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Ron, you're reading their propaganda. You're reading their propaganda.

LOSER What would you do if the Chinese...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER I'd read their writings.

LOSER What would you do?

LOSER I'd read what they write to one another. And that's why when someone like Sayyid Qutb lays out the philosophy of radical jihadism and says, "We want to kill..."

LOSER And what you're saying...

LOSER Let me complete.

Wants to kill Anwar Sadat, when there's the assassination of Anwar Sadat, it has nothing to do with us.

The reason -- why did they kill Madam Bhutto? It has nothing to do with us. This has to do with a battle that is going on within the world of Islam, of radical, violent jihadists trying to bring down all moderate Islamic people and nations and replace them with a religious caliphate.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER And we are doing our very best to help support the voices of moderation.

They tried it in the Philippines.

SENLOSER Who have we invaded before 9/11?

LOSER We were occupying...

SENLOSER Occupying?

LOSER We had an air base in Saudi Arabia.

SENLOSER A base?

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER We have propped up -- how many governments have we propped up?

MODERATOR Just before we -- before we stop, Governor, I owe you a few seconds. Because you -- somebody said, no, Senator Thompson said we're not arrogant, we're not bunker mentality.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Well, and those words -- first of all, Governor Romney, you, yourself on "60 Minutes" said that we had left Iraq in a mess. You've also said that you weren't going to have this "my way or no way" philosophy.

And I've been attacked for using the words a policy that had an arrogance and bunker mentality. I didn't say the president was. I supported the president in the war before you did. I supported the surge when you didn't.

I'm not a person who is out there taking cheap shots at the president. I worked really hard to get him elected.

But I'm not running for George Bush's third term. I want to be president of the United States on my own terms.

And I think it's important for us to recognize...

LOSER Charlie, I get to respond to that.

LOSER Let me finish this. When Congressman...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER ... I get a chance to respond.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER The fact is when there is a serious threat to this country, it is not a threat because we happen to be peace-loving people. It's a threat because in the heart of the radical Islamic faith -- not all Islam, and that's what's very important.

This isn't an Islamic problem. This is a jihadist problem. This is an Islamo-fascism problem.

And if you read the writings of those who most influenced -- and Governor Romney mentioned Sayyid Qutb, executed in Egypt in 1966. He is one of the major philosophers behind this.

And the fact is, there is nothing about our attacking them that prompts this. They are prompted by the fact they believe that they must establish a worldwide caliphate that has nothing to do with us other than we live and breathe and their intention is to destroy us.

MODERATOR Very quickly. You after Governor Romney.

LOSER A number of things.

I disagree with the governor writing in Foreign Affairs magazine that the president's administration suffers from an arrogant bunker mentality.

LOSER Did you read the article before you commented on it?

LOSER I did read the article, the whole article. I read the entire article and I thought it was -- well, I won't make any further comments. It was not...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Before you commented on it?

LOSER Before -- I got a copy of the article and read the article. And in the headline of the article, it said, "The Bush..."

WINNER Did you read mine?



(CROSSTALK)

LOSER No, no, hold on.

John, no, I didn't. Sorry. But I read his.



LOSER And number two...

(LOSER) What about mine?

LOSER Number two -- number two, I did support the surge. It was Senator McCain, of all of us, who was out fighting for the surge. He right on that.

On the same day the president announced the surge, I also, having spoken that day with Fred Kagan, who's one of the brilliant theorists in this regard, I laid out my plan that I thought made sense -- actually even before the president's speech -- calling for additional troops. I called for a different number.

So I also supported the surge from the very beginning.

LOSER But, look, you know, Governor, don't try and characterize my position. Of course, this war...

LOSER Which one?



LOSER You know, we're wise to talk about policies and not to make personal attacks.

LOSER Well, it's not a personal attack, Mitt, because you also supported a timed withdrawal. And Senator Pryor from my state...

LOSER No, that's...

LOSER ... was praising you for that, and...

LOSER I do not support and have never supported a timed withdrawal, so that's wrong, Governor.

You know, it's really helpful if you talk about your policies and the things you believe, and let me talk about my policies.

And my policy is, I've never talked about a timed withdrawal with a date certain for us to leave. That's not the case. Simply wrong.

I've also supported the troop surge, Governor, and I supported it on the same day the president brought it forward.

And the critical thing here is for us to stand together and to say, "I think we do agree with the troop surge. We believe that the troops surge is going to make an enormous difference for the world and protect us from the establishment of safe havens from which Al Qaida could launch attacks against us."

MODERATOR Very quickly.

LOSER There's always a radical element in almost all religions. They have to have an incentive. We give them that incentive.

The question that you don't -- aren't willing to ask is, why is it that they attack America? I mean, they don't attack the Canadians. They don't attack the Swiss. If it were merely because they wanted to go into Europe, why do they...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Is it such a puzzle?

LOSER Is it such a mystery as to why they attack America?

LOSER It is...

LOSER They're not going after Luxembourg.



LOSER It is because we've gone six...

MAYORLOSER Ron, Ron...

LOSER We're the strongest nation in the world.

LOSER We have...

MAYORLOSER Ron, it's simply not true.

Islamic terrorists killed over 500 Americans before September 11, 2001, going back to the late 1960s. They have also killed people recently in Bali, in London. They have launched attacks in Germany.

(LOSER) Madrid.

MAYORLOSER Where did the attack on the Munich Olympics take place in the United States, or did it take place in Germany?

MODERATOR All right. Let me stop this...

MAYORLOSER I could go on and on. The attack on Leon Klinghoffer.

Islamic terrorists have attacked us...

LOSER You paint all Islamics...

MAYORLOSER ... and our allies all over the world...

LOSER ... the same way, and this is a dangerous thing...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER No, of course not.

MODERATOR Gentlemen...

LOSER What you're doing is damaging our relationship by destroying our relationship with all Muslims. That's what you're doing.

MAYORLOSER I do not.

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER Charlie, you started it.



MODERATOR I did start it. Yes, I did.

MAYORLOSER Charlie, you wanted a free-for-all.

It is important to make this point. Just the opposite, Ron. I have great respect for the Islamic religion. I have great respect for the Arab world, for the Middle East.

I think we should be closer to them. I think we should trade more with them. I think we should have cultural exchanges with them.

The overwhelming majority of the Islamic world...

LOSER Why do we support their dictators, then? Why do we prop up all their dictators?

MODERATOR (inaudible)

MAYORLOSER ... and on the evening of September 11, 2001, the day my city was attacked, I got on television, and I said to the people of my city, "We're not going to engage in group blame. This is a small group of people. This does not typify a great religion and a great people."

MAYORLOSER I do not accept that criticism.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR I'm going to move on to domestic policy. And I'm going to violate a promise that I made to all of your campaigns.

I promised that we wouldn't do any questions on video tape, questions from somebody outside this room. But I'm going to violate it with a question from the president of the United States, who posed a question that I think is important about all of you, posed a question at his last news conference about what he thought candidates ought to be as they ran.

MODERATOR Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BUSH You can't be the president unless you have a firm set of principles to guide you as you sort through all the problems the world faces.

And I would be very hesitant to support somebody who relied upon opinion polls and focus groups to define a way forward for a president.

It is -- and so, my question, if I were asking questions to people running for office, what are the principles that you will stand on, in good times and bad times? What would be the underpinning of your decisions?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR What are the principles, and are they constant?

MODERATOR You all have been questioning, as I've watched you campaign, you've all been questioning your opponents.

And I'm going to ask, Senator McCain, you and Governor Romney, because you two have been going at each other, in interviews and in ads about this, of the constancy of your principles or whether or not you look to opinion polls and focus groups to make up your minds.

So let me have the two of you dialogue with each other about this and answer the president's questions, and then I'll bring the other four in and give them equal time.

WINNER The principles and philosophy that I hold, I have held since I raised my hand at age 17 as a midshipman at the United States Naval Academy to uphold this nation's honor; to serve it; call Americans to sacrifice and serve for their nation and defend the greatest nation in the history of the world.

Now we need to restore trust and confidence in government. Now we are in a titanic, transcendent struggle of the 21st century, which we have been discussing earlier.

WINNER I believe that for the last 20 years, I've been engaged in every major national security issue that has affected this nation. And I have been involved in many of the decisions as to how those are handled.

And I again say that I'm glad to know that now everybody supported the surge.

I said at the time that General Petraeus and his strategy must be employed, and I was criticized by Republicans at that time. And that was a low point, but I stuck to it. I didn't change. I didn't say we needed a secret plan for withdrawal.

I said that we can prevail, and as General Petraeus has said, this is the central front in the battle against radical Islamic extremists. We are succeeding.

And I will believe that if we had done what the Democrats had wanted to do, Al Qaida would be trumpeting to the world that they defeated the United States of America.

So my principles and my philosophy are those embodied in those words that we believe that all of us are created equal and endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights.

WINNER I will defend those. I believe in them. And I believe America's best days are ahead of us.

LOSER Charlie, when I sat down with my family and had the discussion about whether or not to get into this race, we went around the room and each one of my five sons and five daughters-in-law expressed their views. And it's because of them and because of my concern about the future of America that I'm in this race.

I'm convinced that America is the greatest nation on Earth, that we are a good nation and a strong nation. And we are safe and prosperous in part because of our greatness and our strength.

I'm concerned, though, right now, we face challenges of such an unprecedented nature that unless we deal with them honestly and effectively, America will become less of a nation than it needs to be to preserve the peace here and the peace around the world.

LOSER And I believe it's essential for America to stand for principles of an eternal nature.

I think at the heart of our strength is the family. I don't think there's anything more important to the future of America than the work that's going on within the four walls of the American home.

I think we have to strengthen America's families. I think we have to have good schools and good health care for them, moms and dads tending to the needs of kids, that we have to have better schools and better health care.

I believe, also, that this nation has to have a strong and vibrant economy. I don't think we can lead the world unless we have the leading economy. And finally a strong military to keep us safe.

So, my overriding principle is keeping America the strongest nation on earth. And there'll be a lot of choices and pulls and tugs in different directions, but keeping America strong through all those elements, through our families and our values, through our economy and its vibrancy, and through our military, is what is essential to me for the future of this land.

MODERATOR All right. Let me turn to Mayor Giuliani.

I must say, you don't sound like two guys who've been sniping at one another over and over in your ads and interviews.



You sound different.

Mayor Giuliani?

MAYORLOSER I think what the president had in mind is that at the core of leadership is knowing what you believe, standing for something.

Ronald Reagan was my hero in that respect. I wrote about it in my book, "Leadership." And I think one of the things President Bush was getting at is that too many people in politics today put their finger up and go with the poll.

You know, you can see it in some of our Democratic colleagues, changing their position...

MODERATOR But let me interrupt you for...

MAYORLOSER What do I stand for?

I laid out 12 commitments to the American people. I wrote them out. The first one is the most important keeping this country on offense in the Islamic terrorist war against us.

The rest of them lay out what I believe this country has to do over the next four years. That would be my guidepost. If I'm elected president, I'll put that card on my desk. And every day I will try to accomplish it.

End illegal immigration. Solve health care through private options. Reduce taxes. Reduce the size of government on the civilian side.

MAYORLOSER Expand the military. Appoint strict constructionist judges.

These'll be the beliefs that I have, the way Ronald Reagan got elected to increase the size of the military, to reduce taxes.

MODERATOR Let me interrupt you for just a sec, because, with all due respect, many of your fellows here on this stage have said you'd had to moderate an awful lot of your views to get within the mainstream of the Republican Party, and that you don't believe now what you believed when you were a mayor.

Governor Huckabee, you've been accused of having been a tax-and- spend governor when you were in Arkansas and changing your beliefs now.

Governor Romney, I don't have to go into how many times they've told -- called you a flip-flopper in terms of issues and what you believed as governor of Massachusetts.

Congressman Paul, with respect to you, I don't know that you've changed much, except your party...



... because you were a Libertarian when you first ran for president.

Senator Thompson has been accused of running on a more conservative record for president than when he was in the Senate.

And, Senator McCain, you've been accused of moderating your views on the Bush tax policies in order to get into the mainstream of the party and on immigration, to moderate your views.

MAYORLOSER Charlie, that's the reason why you lay out the things that you believe in.

MAYORLOSER There are beliefs that you have that you're not going to vary from, no matter what the winds of change bring about. There are some that you are going to change.

Look at Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan had three prime goals to increase the size of the military to win the Cold War, to reduce taxes and to reduce the deficit. He accomplished two of the three. The third one he wasn't able to accomplish, probably because the first two, in his view, were more important.

So of course you can't accomplish every single thing that you want. Over a period of time, your views on things are going to change. But if your essential philosophy stays the same, the way it did with Ronald Reagan, the way it did with our great presidents, that's what leadership is about.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, Charlie, I think the question the president was asking was not as much about our policies, because those can change with each generation, with each year, with each circumstances, but the principles -- what is it that's deep inside of us, that guide us, that direct us, that show the framework of what we're going to do?

And I think the simple answer for me is all the way back to the document that gave us birth.

LOSER And it goes like this That we hold these truths to be self-evident, that we are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights, these being life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that we are created equal.

In that sense of equality, the greatest principle is that every human being and every American is equal to each other. One person is not more equal because of his net worth or because of his I.Q. or because of his ancestry or last name.

That was a radical idea when those 56 signers put their names on that document, knowing that if their experiment in government didn't work, they were going to die for it.

Those are principles. Those are things that you'll live for, you'll die for. That sense that all of us have an essence of equality and that the primary purpose of a government is to recognize that those rights did not come from government, they came from God, they are to be protected, and then defined as the right to a life, the right to liberty -- our freedom -- to live our lives like we want to live them without government telling us how to do it. And ultimately, not to be happy, but to have the pursuit of happiness. That's our principles.

MODERATOR And I take your statement. It is an interesting statement of the basis that we all believe in this country.

MODERATOR But you started by saying But we can change our policies -- -- how often did you say?

LOSER Our policies often reflect what's going on at the time. For example, if the primary thing we are facing is war, then we're going to be talking about military size and military might. If we have a problem with illegal immigration, the number one issue right now might be securing the borders.

I'm not saying we change our positions, but we change the policies in terms of the priority, but those principles don't change. The principles are still to make sure that we recognize the equality of each other and that we recognize where those rights come from and what those rights are.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

SENLOSER Everyone has kind of a wish list. I think it's most important, though, that a president of the United States understand that our principles, our first principles are based on the Constitution of the United States -- understanding the nature of our government, the checks and the balances, the separation of powers that our founding fathers set up a long time ago.

SENLOSER There's a reason for that. They knew about human nature. They learned from the wisdom of the ages.

They set the government up according to that. They set the powers out in the Constitution of the federal government, and they basically said if the powers aren't delineated in this document they don't exist.

And then we got the 10th Amendment that says if they're not delineated they belong to the people and to the states.

That's fundamental to everything else.

And then we grew from that, principles such as a dollar belongs in the pocket of the person that earned it, unless the government can make a case that it can spend it better. You don't spend money that you don't have, and you certainly don't spend your grandchildren's money with debt that they're not at the table when the decision has been made to spend it.

MODERATOR I'm going to run out of time on this, but I want to come back to that point.

Go ahead.

LOSER The president asks a very important question. And we should all come together and we shouldn't have that many disagreements, because we should be bound -- bound by the Constitution.

But the people in this country think we live in an age of relative ethics, is what they have come to the conclusion of.

Sure, profess to believe in the Constitution, but why have we gone to war since World War II without a declaration of war? Why do we have a monetary system that is not designed by the Constitution? Why do we have a welfare state running out of control, not designed by the Constitution?

You can't pay lip service to the Constitution without obeying it.

And we should have peace and prosperity. That should be our goal.

We, in foreign policy, ought to have a golden rule. We ought to treat others as we would want others to treat us. And we don't treat others so fairly. We treat them like we're the bully, that we're the policeman of the world, and we're going to tell them to behave.

LOSER If we don't -- if they don't listen to us, we bomb them. If they listen to us, we give them more money. And it's bankrupting this country because we don't live up to our principles, the principles that are embedded in our Constitution.



MODERATOR Let me turn for the next few moments to health care.

The Democrats have talked a lot about this, and they have spelled out some pretty specific health care plans.

But what you propose, what you have talked about in terms of health care, in many ways represents a more basic change in the way health insurance would be obtained.

A little background on that, ABC's medical editor, Dr. Tim Johnson.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DR. TIM JOHNSON, ABC MEDICAL EDITOR In general, Republicans have criticized Democratic proposals for health care reform as radical expansions of the federal government's role.

But many health care experts say that it is actually the Republicans' emphasis on individuals buying their own policies versus getting their insurance through employers that is a more radical change.

DR. JOHNSON And it raises concerns. Individual policies can be more expensive for the same coverage because of administrative overhead and sales costs.

Group policies like those provided by employers can bargain with providers for lower costs and do a better job of monitoring quality.

Medical professionals caution that individual insurance may sound good on paper but it usually turns out to be very difficult for people, on their own, to find quality policies at the right cost.

Charlie?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR All right. Dr. Tim Johnson, thanks very much.

We're the only industrialized nation in the world that doesn't insure all of our citizens. If we can afford a trillion-dollar war in Iraq, why can't we afford medical insurance for everybody?

Governor -- Mayor -- Mr. Mayor?

MAYORLOSER The reality is that, with all of its infirmities and difficulties, we have the best health care system in the world. And it may be because we have a system that still is, if not wholly, at least in large part still private.

To go in the direction that the Democrats want to go, much more government care, much more government medicine, socialized medicine, is going to mean a deteriorated state of medicine in this country.

MAYORLOSER I mean, I said, jokingly, in one debate, if we go in the direction of socialized medicine, where will Canadians come for health care?



(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR But do you all agree that we have the best health care system in the world?

WINNER Now, tell me when people get sick where they come to to get health care.

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER We certainly have the best health care in the world.

(CROSSTALK)

MAYORLOSER Charlie, that doesn't mean it shouldn't be improved. And I think that the notion of people buying their own private health insurance is a very good one, so long as a lot of them do it.

Only 17 million Americans right now buy their own health insurance. If 50 million Americans were buying their own health insurance, because it would be just as tax advantageous to do it that way, and we had a health savings account, people -- economists believe there'd be a 30 percent to 50 percent reduction in the cost of health insurance, and quality would come up.

The only thing that reduces cost and increases quality is a significant, dramatic, large consumer market, not government control.

MODERATOR You all have proposed free market, consumer-purchased insurance. And you all talk about giving tax deductions for buying insurance.

Let me do a little math. The average family employer-provided insurance, when the company's buying, it's $13,000 a family.

Now, you talked about a $15,000 to $20,000 deduction -- right? -- for people buying their own insurance. If you take a median-income family of $62,000 in this country, you've just saved them $3,000 on their taxes. That doesn't come close to buying an insurance policy.

WINNER Sure. And next year, if you continue 10 percent inflation associated with it, it'll be even further away. And the next year after that.

Because the problem with health care in America, it's not the quality. It is the inflation.

And in all due respect to your expert that we just saw, he's talking about the wrong aspect of this issue. The right aspect of this issue is inflation, if we could get it under control and get it reduced so that health care costs are reasonable in America, then those people will be able to afford it.

MODERATOR And to get health care costs...

WINNER And they can -- and they will be able to go out and choose their insurer, anywhere in America, and they will be able to then to get affordable health care in America.

But we have to make the recipient of the health care more responsible. We have to have outcome-based results for health care. We have to emphasize wellness and fitness.

One of the most disturbing things in America is the increase in diabetes, obesity and high blood pressure amongst younger Americans. So we have to award wellness and fitness.

LOSER Charlie, I'm...

WINNER And that way, we'll have a healthier nation and we will have less health care costs.

But, again, you made a statement about European nations, they all get health care. Well, some people here in New Hampshire have been to Canada. I don't think they want that system.

LOSER A lot of people have ideas about health care and improving health care. We took the ideas and actually made them work in our state, as people in New Hampshire know. We put in place a plan that gets every citizen in our state health insurance, and it didn't cost us new money. And it didn't require us to raise taxes.

What we found was, it was less expensive or no more expensive to help individuals who had been uninsured by their own private policy than it had been for us to give out free care at the hospital.

And since we put our plan in place last April, we've now had 300,000 people who were uninsured sign up for this insurance, private insurance.

And where the doctor -- good doctor was wrong is that it's true the insurance companies don't want to sell policies to one person at a time. It's expensive.

We established what we called a connector, a place where individuals could go to buy policies from any company, and that connector would in turn send their premiums on to those companies.

So the economics of scale existed. And as a result of what we did, the premiums for health insurance for an individual buying insurance went from $350 a month to $180 a month, with lower deductibles and now with prescription drugs.

LOSER The answer...

MODERATOR Anybody...

LOSER Let me just -- I just -- I want to underline this.

We don't have to have government take over health care to get everybody insured. That's what the Democrats keep on hanging out there.

The truth is, we can get everybody insured in a free market way. We don't need Hillary-care or socialized medicine.

LOSER Charlie, you really answered the question -- you answered it in your question, because you said, "How can we afford a trillion- dollar war and we can't afford health care?"

Well, that's the reason.

The resources are going overseas. We're fighting a trillion- dollar war and we shouldn't be doing it. Those resources should be spent back here at home.

There is an inflationary factor. We can't afford it. We do have good medical care, but the costs are so high now that our people in this country are actually going to India and getting their heart surgery done.

LOSER They pay the plane ticket, the hospital and the hotel and they get it for half-price.

So it's inflation, but if you don't understand how inflation comes, we can't solve this problem. It comes from deficit financing with this war-mongering foreign policy we have. We run up the deficits. We tax. We borrow. We borrow from the Chinese. We can't borrow enough.

Then what do we do? We print the money, and then you wonder where the inflation comes. The value of the dollar is down and the prices go up, where the government gets involved in certain things like housing or medical care or education, prices are skyrocketing.

So you have to deal with the monetary issue to solve the problem of the medical issue.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

SENLOSER Ahem.



LOSER Don't print anymore money. We don't need anymore money.

SENLOSER So if we would stop printing so much money, we could get out of the war and provide health care to everybody.

LOSER Get out of the war, and we wouldn't have to print the money.

SENLOSER OK. I just wanted to...

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER I wanted to make sure I had this right.



SENLOSER Let me break it down a little bit so I can understand it a little bit better.

LOSER Keep trying.

SENLOSER We've got the best health care in the world. It costs more than it should.

We can either go one of two ways.

We can let the government take it over, and that'll lower costs, like they do in other countries. We will also sacrifice care, which nobody wants to do -- we're not going to do, in this country.

Or we can make the markets work more efficiently. There are a lot of components to that. Part of that is not just giving a tax break to the individual. That's part of it. But it's also putting them in a position to get the best prices for the care they're getting.

We do that in every other aspect of our life. That's what keeps prices as low as they are.

SENLOSER I mean, if the consumer had no concept of what the product was costing and did no shopping for it, when you could get an MRI here for one price or over here for half the price, you don't even know that to make the choice. It wouldn't work at all.

So you can do that. You can open up these markets so a person can buy their insurance from all over the country. We've got various state regulations now, that, as a practical matter, prohibit that. Make the markets work.

But we're never -- let's be honest with the people. We're probably never -- if you lower costs, more people who want insurance will be able to afford it. We're probably never going to achieve total coverage.

A good number of the people who are uninsured can afford it and choose not to do so. A good number of people who are eligible for government assistance, and choose -- can manage and choose not to.

MODERATOR But Government Romney's system has mandates in Massachusetts, although you backed away from mandates on a national basis.

LOSER No, no, I like mandates. The mandates work.

SENLOSER I beg your pardon? I didn't know you were going to admit that. You like mandates.

LOSER Let me -- let me -- oh, absolutely. Let me tell you what kind of mandates I like, Fred, which is this. If it weren't...

SENLOSER The ones you come up with.



LOSER Here's my view If somebody -- if somebody can afford insurance and decides not to buy it, and then they get sick, they ought to pay their own way, as opposed to expect the government to pay their way.

LOSER And that's an American principle. That's a principle of personal responsibility.

So, I said this If you can afford to buy insurance, then buy it. You don't have to, if you don't want to buy it, but then you got to put enough money aside that you can pay your own way, because what we're not going to do is say, as we saw more and more people...

MODERATOR Governor, (inaudible) you imposed tax penalties in Massachusetts (inaudible).

LOSER Yes, we said, look, if people can afford to buy it, either buy the insurance or pay your own way; don't be free-riders and pass on the cost to your health care to everybody else, because right now...

SENLOSER The government is going to make you buy insurance...

LOSER No, the government is going to stop...

SENLOSER ,.. and make you pay -- I mean, the state -- your state plan, which is, of course, different from your national plan, did require people to make that choice, though. The state required them to do that.

What was the penalty if they refused?

LOSER They refused to pay your -- let's go back, Fred. What's your view? If somebody...

SENLOSER Well, I asked the question first.



LOSER OK. Well, I'll answer your question, you answer mine.

LOSER If somebody is making, let's say $100,000 a year, and doesn't have health insurance, and they show up at the hospital, and they need a $1,000 repair of some kind for something that's gone wrong. And they say, "Look, I'm not insured, I'm not going to pay." Do you think they should pay or not?

SENLOSER Did your plan cut people off at $100,000? Was that the level?

LOSER No, actually...

SENLOSER Did it only apply to people with $100,000 income and over?

LOSER It actually applies to people at three-times federal poverty. They pay for their own policy. At less than three-times federal poverty, we help them buy a policy, so everybody is insured, and everybody is able to buy a policy that is affordable for them.

The question is this, again, if someone could afford a policy and they choose not to buy it, should they be responsible for paying for their own care?

Or should they be able to go to the hospital and say, "You know what? I'm not insured. You ought to pay for it."

What we found was, one-quarter of the uninsured in my state were making $75,000 a year or more. And my view is they should either buy insurance or they should pay their own way with a health savings account or some other savings account.

MODERATOR We have an expression in television We get in the weeds. We're in the weeds now on this.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Let me just -- one point. Yes or no, in your national plan, would you mandate people to get insurance?

LOSER I think my plan is a good plan that should be adopted by other states. I wouldn't tell every state...

MODERATOR In your plan, would you mandate...

LOSER I would not mandate at the federal level that every state do what we do. But what I would say at the federal level is, "We'll keep giving you these special payments we make if you adopt plans that get everybody insured." I want to get everybody insured.

MODERATOR OK.

LOSER In Governor Schwarzenegger's state, he's got a different plan to get people insured. I wouldn't tell him he has to do it my way.

But I'd say each state needs to get busy on the job of getting all our citizens insured. It does not cost more money.

MODERATOR I want to give Governor Huckabee a little time. Then we've got to go.

LOSER OK.

I think it's important to realize that the issue is not just insurance. The issue is that the whole model of our health-care system is upside down.

We really don't have a health-care system. We have a disease- care system. And the insurance model that we use, we act like that if we insured everybody, we've fixed it.

We haven't. Because the real problem is that our model, both in the insurance model and the health-care model, waits until people are catastrophically ill before it intervenes.

LOSER And we really have to change the concept to a preventive focus rather than an intervention focus.

And that means the entire system starts working on health and wellness, because 80 percent of the $2 trillion that we spend on health care goes to chronic disease.

We could prevent it or we could cure it, but we don't. So it's not an issue of there's not enough money to cover people.

But if a real health care system exists, it has three components It has affordability, it has quality, and it has accessibility.

And if it doesn't have those elements, it's not a system; it's a maze. And what we have in America is a health care maze. It's built on the idea that we wait until people are so desperately ill that the cost to try to fix them is catastrophic and out of control.

And no wonder we have a system that needs major, major attention.

And by the way, just out of due respect, you said $1,000 for a repair.

LOSER It's about $1,000 for a Kleenex at a hospital anymore.



And that's why we need to have a totally different system that keeps you from going to the hospital in the first place.

(CROSSTALK)

MAYORLOSER Charlie, a health savings account actually helps to accomplish what the governor is talking about.

If somebody can put aside -- and the plans that we've been talking about include a health savings account. You'd have an exemption up to $15,000. If you could find a policy for $11,000, you can have a $4,000 health savings account.

You would be able to buy some of your health care and your prevention yourself. It gives you an incentive over a lifetime to deal with wellness.

MODERATOR And I've got to go.

But Senator McCain has talked a lot about controlling costs, and you bring up the issue in controlling costs. And all the experts say to me, Look, if you're going to control costs, you got to do three things. You're going to limit access to technology, you're going to limit, in some way, change the reimbursement system for doctors and hospitals, or you're going to have to limit the amount of treatments. That's the only way we can bring costs down.

And that's the third rail of health care. Which of you is going to touch any of that?

LOSER Charlie, that's not at all the way it is. The fact is, if you had...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Yes, it was directed to you.



WINNER I think that there's additional choice here a choice of having outcome-based treatment.

WINNER There are five major diseases that consume 75 percent of health care costs in America. If someone has diabetes, we should give the health care provider a certain amount of money and say, "Care for that patient. And if, at the end of that period of time, and that patient is well, we'll give you a reward." Rather than every test, every procedure, every MRI.

And we need walk-in clinics, and we need community health care, and we need incentives for home health care as opposed to long-term care.

In my state of Arizona, we adopted a proposal which incentivizes health care providers to keep people in home health care settings -- dramatically less expensive than long-term care.

In Arizona, we have one-half the number, per capita, of people in long-term care facilities as the state of Pennsylvania.

Incentives to keep costs down, Charlie. There are no incentives in the system today.

Could I just mention one other thing? Both the attorney general of South Carolina -- I don't know why I mention South Carolina...

MODERATOR Because there's a primary there.



WINNER ... and the attorney general of Iowa -- and I don't -- well, anyway...

MODERATOR That's too late.

WINNER ... have sued the pharmaceutical companies because of overcharging of millions of dollars of Medicaid costs to their patients.

WINNER How could that happen? How could pharmaceutical companies be able to cover up the cost to the point where nobody knows? Why shouldn't we be able to reimport drugs from Canada?

It's because of the power of the pharmaceutical companies. We should have pharmaceutical companies competing to take care of our Medicare and Medicaid patients.

LOSER OK, don't leave me. Don't send the pharmaceutical companies into the big bad guys.

WINNER Well, they are.

LOSER No, actually they're trying to create products to make us well and make us better, and they're doing the work of the free market.

And are there excesses? I'm sure there are, and we should go after excesses. But they're an important industry to this country.

But let me note something else, and that is the market will work. And the reason health care isn't working like a market right now is you have 47 million people that are saying, "I'm not going to play. I'm just going to get free care paid for by everybody else." That doesn't work.

Number two, the buyer doesn't have information about what the cost or quality is, or different choices they could have. If you take the government out of it to a much greater extent, you'd get it to work like a market and it will rein in cost.

MODERATOR I've got to call a halt. We're going to take a commercial break. We'll come back. I'm going to be joined by Scott Spradling from WMUR, and we're going to go to some more direct questions.

Stay with us The Republican debate continues from Manchester.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR For the second 45 minutes of this debate, I'm going to be joined by Scott Spradling, who is political director of our station, WMUR, here in Manchester, New Hampshire.

And I would say, during that three-minute break, that all of the candidates headed for the wings, and I thought it might just be the two of us here for the last 45 minutes.



And I'm so relieved...



... to say that they all came back Senator McCain, Senator Thompson, Congressman Paul, Governor Romney, Governor Huckabee, Mayor Giuliani, it's good to have all of you with us.

We're going to do some more direct questions. We've got tally lights this time. We're going to limit you in the length of your answers. And if you want to respond, in these first questions, you're certainly welcome to do so.

Why don't you start, Scott?

SPRADLING Senator McCain, good evening.

WINNER Good evening, Scott.

SPRADLING I'm struck by the fact that we're on the St. Anselm campus. And a few months, you took some hits in a debate that you had here with your fellow Republicans on the issue of illegal immigration and your views.

Since that debate...

WINNER I shouldn't have come back.



SPRADLING Since that debate, sir, you've told voters, "I hear you." You've acknowledged some of these complaints.

And there's more talk, I know, from you, about stronger borders. That's a big focus in this debate.

But fundamentally, I'm wondering, don't you still have the same plan for a path to citizenship that you fundamentally held months ago?

WINNER Sure. But the fact is that the American people have lost trust and confidence in government, and we have to secure the borders first.

WINNER I come from a border state. I've very aware of the challenges we face and the impact of illegal immigration. So, we will secure the borders first. As president, I will have the border state governors certify that those borders are secure.

And, of course, in the course of our debates and discussions and -- with Secretary Chertoff, he said that there's 2 million people who are in this country illegally who have committed crimes. Those people have to be deported immediately.

And I do believe we need a temporary worker program. One with an employee -- employment -- electronic employment verification system and tamper-proof biometric documents, so that the only document and that system (inaudible) can an employer legally hire somebody, and any employer who employs someone in any other way will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

WINNER Now, I want to say again, this is a national security issue. We have to secure our borders.

But I want to say again, these are God's children. We have to address it in as humane and compassionate an issue as possible. But we have to respect our nation's security requirements.

So I think that it's time Republican and Democrat sat down together and resolved this issue. Because if you've got broken borders, and if you have 12 million people here illegally, then, obviously, you have de facto amnesty.

It is a federal responsibility. The federal government must act. I will act as president.

MODERATOR We got the tally lights this time.

Governor?

WINNER Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Charlie.

MODERATOR That's all right.

LOSER I disagree fundamentally with the idea that the 12 million people who've come here illegally should all be allowed to remain in the United States permanently, potentially some of them applying for citizenship and becoming citizens, others just staying permanently.

I think that is a form of amnesty, and that it's not appropriate. We're a nation of laws.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Our liberty is based upon being a nation of laws. I would welcome those people to get in line with everybody else who wants to come here permanently.

LOSER But there should be no special pathway to permanent residency or citizenship for those that have come here illegally.

I welcome legal immigration. Of course we need to secure the border. We need to have an employment verification system with a card to identify who's here legally and not legally. We need to have employer sanctions that hire people that then don't have the legal card.

But with regards to those already here, it is simply not right and unfair to say they're going to all get to stay, where there are people around the world who've been waiting in line to come to this country. They should have the first chance.

(CROSSTALK)

WINNER Scott, can I respond to that?

SPRADLING I have a question for both you and the mayor, and I'd like to give it to the mayor first.

Mayor Giuliani, a point of specificity here. Do you believe that the illegals that have been identified in the U.S. need to leave the United States and reapply for citizenship to come back into the country? And if so, for how long?

MAYORLOSER What I believe should happen is we should stop illegal immigration at the border, and we should begin doing it now.

MAYORLOSER We should erect a fence. We should erect a technological fence. We should expand the Border Patrol. We should have a BorderStat system. We should have a rule that you cannot come into the United States without identifying yourself, which, after all, is the rule in every other country just about.

And then we should operate that for two, three, four years, change behavior. And then we should take that system, with a tamper- proof I.D. card, which would be used for people coming into this country, and what we should do with the people that are here.

First of all, right now, our priorities should be -- since you can't throw out all 12 million people, whether Governor Romney would like to do that or not or anybody else would, you just can't do it. It's not physically possible to do.

I would focus on the illegal immigrants that are here who have committed crimes. They should be given priority. That's a number we can deal with. That's a number we can throw out.

MAYORLOSER Then what I would do with the people that are here, when you had a good system in place -- and I believe my plan is the best plan for doing that, and these are the kinds of things I achieved in the other jobs that I've had in my life, as mayor and associate attorney general -- I think what you would do then is, you would say to the 12 million people that are here, come forward, get a tamper- proof I.D. card, get fingerprinted, get photographed.

If they don't come forward, then you throw them out of the country. The ones who do come forward would have to pay taxes. They'd have to pay fines.

If you pay fines, it is not amnesty. They would not get ahead of anybody else. They'd be at the back of the line. But then they could eventually become citizens, so long as they could read English, write English and speak English.

SPRADLING Thank you.

WINNER Let me just say, I've never supported amnesty.

A few nights ago, Joe Lieberman and I had a town hall meeting together. It was a rather unusual event. The issue came up. Joe Lieberman said, John McCain has never supported amnesty, and anybody says that he does is a liar, is lying.

Now, no better authority than Governor Romney believed that it's not amnesty because two years ago, he was asked, and he said that my plan was, quote, "reasonable, and was not amnesty."

It's a matter of record.

SPRADLING Governor, you want to explain your ad?

LOSER Yes, absolutely, which is what he describes is technically true, which is his plan does not provide amnesty because he charges people $5,000 to be able to stay. And that, technically...

WINNER That's not true. That's not complete response to it.

And, Governor Romney, it was explained to you and you said it was reasonable and not amnesty. You can look it up.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me have a chance.

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Rudy, let me have a chance to finish, OK? Then you'll get your chance.

I saw your plan, along with Senator Cornyn's plan and the Bush plan; I said they were all reasonable. And I said I would study them and decide which one to endorse, and I endorsed none of them, as you know, Senator.

Number two, your plan, I said, is not technically amnesty because it provides for a penalty for people to be able to stay...

WINNER It provides for more than a penalty.

LOSER OK. Would you describe what else it has, besides a penalty?

WINNER Sure. Fine, learn English, back of the line behind everybody else -- pretty much what Rudy just described.

LOSER OK, great. So it has a...

WINNER So that we can address the issue.

LOSER Fine. Unless you pay $5,000...

WINNER It's not amnesty. And for you to describe it as you do in the attack ads, my friend, you can spend your whole fortune on these attack ads, but it will won't be true.

(LOSER) May I...

LOSER No, no, no, no. I get a chance to respond to this.

I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

MODERATOR (inaudible)

LOSER I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.

What I say is -- and you just described what most people would say is a form of amnesty. Yes, they pay $5,000, their background is checked, they have to learn English.

But your view is everybody who's come here illegally today, other than criminals, would be allowed -- when they speak English and get $5,000 payment and they get a background check, they're allowed to stay forever.

WINNER Look, I don't...

LOSER That's your plan, and that plan, in my view, is not appropriate.

Those people should be invited to get in line outside the country with everybody else who wants to come here, but they should not be given a special right to stay here...

WINNER There is no special right associated with my plan.

LOSER ... for the rest of their lives.

WINNER I said should they should not be in any way rewarded for illegal behavior.

LOSER Are they sent home?

WINNER They have to get in line behind everybody else.

LOSER Are they sent home? Are they sent home?

WINNER Some of them are, some of them are not depending on their situation.

LOSER The last bill you put forward...

WINNER If a woman who has been here for eight years...

LOSER I'm sorry -- the last bill...

WINNER ... and has a son fighting in Iraq...

LOSER Senator, the last bill you put forward...

WINNER ... I'm not interesting in calling her up, calling up her son and telling I'm deporting his grandmother.

This has to be...

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER Didn't you say Republicans were making a terrible mistake if they were separating themselves with President Bush on the illegal immigration issue?

LOSER No, that was quoted in A.P. It happened to be wrong.

Let me -- let me -- let me...



WINNER You're always misquoted.

LOSER It was -- that does happen from time to time. But let me -- it does actually.

WINNER When you change issues -- positions on issues from time to time, you will get misquoted.



LOSER Senator, is there a way to have this about issues and not about personal attacks? I hope so, because I think we have some differences in issues.

WINNER I do, too. I do, too.

LOSER And let me tell you, the issue that's at stake here is, do the people who come here illegally, the 12 million -- are they allowed to stay in this country the rest of their life?

And the final bill you put forward in the United States Senate was...

WINNER The answer is...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Can I complete?

WINNER The answer is, we were still negotiating, we were debating, we were saying that some people have to go back to the country that they came from before they came here...

LOSER I'm sorry, there was a Z visa. The Z visa was given to everybody...

(CROSSTALK)

WINNER ... that some people have to go back.

First, as Rudy said, we have to round up the 2 million who have committed crimes and deport them immediately.

LOSER Let's not divert.

WINNER And that is not amnesty for anyone.

MODERATOR Well, I don't want to divert. Let me come back to your plan.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Is it practical to take 12 million people and send them out of the country? Is it practical?

LOSER The answer is no. The answer is no.

So, here's how my plan works.

One, it says to those 12 million people, they do not have the right, as they would under the final Senate plan, to receive a Z visa, which was renewable indefinitely. That meant these people could stay in the country forever. That was what the plan did, and that's why talk radio and the American people went nuts.

WINNER (inaudible) that's not the plan.

LOSER Senator, you look up your Z visa, it is renewable indefinitely. Every legal -- every illegal alien got to stay in the country forever, other than those that committed crimes.

MODERATOR Go ahead.

MAYORLOSER Charlie, if Ronald Reagan were here, who we all invoke, who would grab the microphone, say, "It's my microphone, I paid for it."

MAYORLOSER And Ronald Reagan did amnesty. He actually did amnesty. I think he'd be in one of Mitt's negative commercials.



And he is the hero of our party.

None of us, none of us has a perfect record on immigration because this is a very complicated problem. The thing that we have to do is we have to decide who has the best plan among all of us for fixing illegal immigration.

You got to stop it at the border. You got to stop it cold at the border. And then you have to have a rational system.

It is not amnesty. If you charge -- I did this more in my life than I did politics, meaning law enforcement -- if you charge fines, if you have impositions of conditions, it is not amnesty.

Ronald Reagan gave amnesty, saying they have to pay a fine, have to get on the back of the line, have a whole bunch of conditions...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER I thought you said that wasn't amnesty.

MAYORLOSER That is not amnesty. That is not amnesty.

If you have a fine, if you have conditions, if you have a whole bunch of steps that people have to go through, it is not amnesty.

Ronald Reagan gave amnesty, straight-out amnesty.

SENLOSER The question is, are you rewarded for your illegal behavior in any way?

If the answer is yes, it's amnesty.

MAYORLOSER But if you have to pay a penalty for it, it is not. For example...

SENLOSER Do you get allowed to -- but you can still stay in the country?

MAYORLOSER Pay money, have to follow...

SENLOSER But you can still stay in the country?

MAYORLOSER Well, but you have to pay penalties.

SENLOSER But you can still stay in the country?

MAYORLOSER There are all different kinds of penalties.

MODERATOR What would you do, Senator?

MAYORLOSER Someone gets amnesty from a crime...

SENLOSER You can have -- you can have -- you can have enforcement by attrition if you obey the law and you enforce the law that's on the books today.

If we started securing the border, as we are supposed to do -- and we're all in agreement that it must be done now.

SENLOSER I mean, we arrest thousands, over the years, of people from countries that are state sponsors of terrorism. I mean, it's essentially a national security issue, as well as an issue of fairness, as well as a social issue with regard to what states and communities have to face nowadays, and workers who are in competition with this.

If we enforced the borders so people couldn't go back and forth, if we assisted employers with a system that we now have on the books that 20,000, 30,000 employers now are using, a verification system so you could essentially punch a button, the Homeland Security folks will tell you whether or not this person is illegal on the front end, and if we stop sanctuary cities where we're telling local people that you can't cooperate with federal authorities, and stop inducing people to come here with employment and protection under sanctuary cities, as Mayor Giuliani did when he was mayor of New York, then we would have -- we would have attrition of these numbers and start reversing...

(CROSSTALK)

MAYORLOSER I have to answer...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Our process of limiting these answers is going just to Hades.

MAYORLOSER I have to answer that -- I have to answer that question. New York City was not a sanctuary city. New York City turned in the names of every single person who committed a crime or was suspected of a crime.

SENLOSER What about just being illegal?

MAYORLOSER Well, New York City turned in the names of all people that were illegal, with only three exceptions. One exception was for children that were going to school. We had 70,000 children of illegals. I was not going to leave them on the street. I am proud that I continued that policy. It would have been inhumane to do anything else.

SENLOSER We passed a bill in 1996...

MAYORLOSER Let me finish. Let me finish.

Second, we said, "If you come into a hospital and you need treatment for an emergency, you'll be treated." It would have been inhumane to do anything else.

And we said, "If you report crimes, we will take those reports." And we wanted those reports of crimes because they helped us to reduce crime...

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER All right. Go back and look at the record. In 1996, Congress -- the United States Congress, when I was there, when I was in the Senate, we passed a bill outlawing illegal amnesty.

SENLOSER I'm serious. Rudy went to court and sued to overturn what we'd passed in legislation. We weren't trying to throw children out on the street either. I think if you...

MAYORLOSER Those are the three narrow categories that I was objecting to. They all had to do with humane conditions. It was a policy that was...

SENLOSER We were (inaudible) inhumane conditions.

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee is sitting here with a quiet smile, just thinking, "OK, let them fight; I'm going to stay out of this."

So I want to bring you in quickly, and then Congressman Paul, then we will move on.

LOSER As Abraham Lincoln said, "If it weren't for the honor of it, I'd just as soon pass," when he was run out of town on a rail. But let me join in on this.



The fact is, Americans are upset about this issue because they feel like we've violated the rule of law. Every one of us I think agree that you have to secure the border and until that's done, nothing makes sense.

That ought to be done. It ought to be done with American workers, with American products, and it ought to be done immediately. Eighteen months ought to be the outside length of time.

If the Empire State Building can be built in 14 months, if some of the great works of this country can be built in a record period of time, I'm convinced we can secure our borders.

And I agree with Senator Thompson, it's an issue of national security, more than it is anything else. But it's a matter of sealing the borders of our nation in a responsible way.

LOSER I think we ought to have a period of time in which people then return to their home country and get in the back of the line.

Now, the reason I've come to that conclusion is for a variety of focus, but here's part of it When people live in the United States, they ought to have their head up. They ought to not live in fear. Every time they see a police car, they shouldn't run and hide. Nobody ought to live like that in this country.

And the only way we're going to fix that is that people do it right. And in order to do it right, they're going to have to go back and get in the back of the line.

It's not an inhumane way; I think it's the only way that makes sense.

And I want to make final point that I think ought to happen When we say, "Well, we can't round these people up and take them home," we don't have to, Charlie.

You give them the option If you don't do it the right way and then we catch you, you would be subject to deportation. But if you do it the right way, then you're going to be able to live with your head up and live free in this country, properly. And it won't be that we have this huge problem and the resentment that goes with it.

LOSER And the final reason that's important -- I know you want me to finish, and I'm doing it.

The reason that we've got to do that is that when people say we can't get a -- we don't have to, for this simple principle The government didn't escort them over the border in the first place, so the government doesn't have to take them back. They got here on their own. And people can go back and start the process legally, for their benefit and for everyone else's benefit.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER I think there is two points I'd like to make.

One, I get a little bit worried when we talk about the tamper- proof I.D. for illegals or immigrants, because how do you do that? Anybody that is an immigrant or looks like an immigrant would have to have an I.D. And then, you can't discriminate, so everybody's going to have the I.D.

I think it's opening the door for the national I.D., and we should be very, careful about that.

But one thing that we haven't talked about here is about the economics of illegal immigration. You can't solve this problem as long as you have the runaway welfare state and excessive spending and the wiping out of the middle class through inflation, because that's what directs the hostility, is people are hurting.

And then, when we have all these mandates on the hospitals and on our schools. And, no wonder. The incentives are there. There's an incentive for a lot of our people not to work, because they can get welfare. And then there's a lot of incentive because they know they're going to get amnesty. We gave it to the illegals in the '80s.

And then, we put mandates on the states to compel them to have medical care. And you say, well, that's compassionate. But what happens if the hospital closes and then the people here in this country don't get medical care?

So you can't divorce it from the economics. You've got to get rid of the incentives. No amnesty. And no forced benefits. Because, obviously, they'll bring their families.

And it just won't work if you try to see this in a vacuum. And you have to deal with it as a whole, as an economic issue as well.

LOSER Charlie, can we just underscore, we're talking about illegal immigration?

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER And I think every person on this stage wants the community to understand that legal immigration, we value. It's great for the country. We welcome legal immigration, every single one of us. No difference on that.

We get twisted on this outside.

MODERATOR So noted. So noted. So noted.

LOSER We are very much in favor of legal immigration. It's a great source of vitality for our country.

SPRADLING Governor Romney, I'm going to stay with you. In Charlie's health care dialogue in the first half, you mentioned Hillary-care. This group has aimed a lot of partisan firepower at Hillary Clinton. But I'd like, if you don't mind, to adjust the outcome for a minute and walk down this road with me.

Let's say that Barack Obama is the nominee. He won the Iowa caucus. We have a WMUR poll out just tonight that shows it's tied here in New Hampshire, 33-33. And I'd like to know from you why, against you as the nominee down the line, why not vote for Barack Obama, and not just because he's a Democrat. You're not allowed to say that.



I'd like to hear some specifics on why not him.

LOSER Well, we have very different views on a whole series of issues.

LOSER And I could take you through one by one.

One would be health care, for instance. He wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone. That'll be -- that'll break the bank.

If you think -- as the comedian said, P.J. O'Rourke, if you think health care is expensive now, just wait until it's free. All right. So that's not the right direction.

So we can talk about issues. But the biggest difference I think -- and it's going to be true for me and others who talk about it -- is that this is a time when America wants change. Washington is broken. That was the message coming out of Iowa. I've heard it across the country. Washington is broken, not just the White House, not just Congress. Washington can't get the job done on immigration, on lowering taxes, on fixing schools, on getting health care, on overcoming radical jihad. They want change.

Barack Obama looked at several senators steeped in long history in the Senate and completely blew them away in the Iowa caucus.

LOSER It's a message of change.

And when we sit down and talk about change -- Barack Obama and myself at that final debate, as you are positing -- I can say, "Not only can I talk change with you, I've lived it. In the private sector for 25 years, I brought change to company after company. In the Olympics, it was in trouble. I brought change. In Massachusetts, I brought change. I have done it. I have changed things, and that experience is what America is looking for."

You look at that debate with Barack Obama. I'm looking forward to head-to-head.

MODERATOR I'm going to keep us on time. Go ahead.

SPRADLING Senator Thompson, I'd like to get your take on that you vs. Senator Barack Obama. Why not him?

SENLOSER Well, Senator Obama has adopted the position of every liberal interest group in this country as best I can tell; all the major ones, the NEA and everyone who's stepped forth with a position paper on these issues. His positions are very liberal positions.

SENLOSER His first alternative to all problems, as best I can see, is not only the government, but the federal government.

He's talking in generalities right now. As the time goes on, the process goes on, I think he'll have to be more definitive. But it's clear from what he's said so far that he's taking that position.

And as far as change is concerned, the change we need is to go to constitutional principles, the first principles this country was founded upon, respect for the rule of law, market economies, free people doing free things, and a country that doesn't tax and spend it's people to death, that's doesn't regulate the life blood out of them, doesn't spend money that it doesn't have.

And that's not the direction they want to go in. They want to take us down the road of the welfare state, essentially, and a road that I think would lead us to a weaker position in terms of national security.

SPRADLING We'll move off-topic in a moment, but, Senator, you served with Mr. Obama.

WINNER I just wanted to say to Governor Romney, we disagree on a lot of issues, but I agree you are the candidate of change.



But the difference I would have with Senator Obama has got to do with national security.

I know Senator Obama and I've worked with him many times and I respect him, as I respect Senator Clinton.

Senator Obama does not have the national security experience and background to lead this nation.

We are facing the transcendent challenge of the 21st century. And that is radical Islamic extremism.

In his recent statements on various foreign -- national security issues, I have strongly disagreed.

But I am -- can make it perfectly clear that it requires a lot of knowledge and a lot of experience and a lot of background to have the judgment to address the challenges that our nation faces in the 21st century.

LOSER May I make a comment?

One -- one, it's -- the continued personal barbs are interesting but unnecessary.

LOSER But number three -- number two, Hillary Clinton and Bill Richardson and Senator Dodd and Senator Biden all made that same argument in Iowa. And Barack Obama blew them away.

And if you think making that argument as a Republican, that you have more experience and you've been around longer in the Senate, that that's somehow going to -- and that you know the cloakroom, the Senate cloakroom, better than he does, that's not going to work.

SENLOSER It was an Iowa Democratic primary (inaudible).

LOSER You're going to have to have -- you're going to have to have a person...



WINNER This is an Iowa Democrat primary we're talking about.

LOSER America wants change.

SENLOSER A lot of independents.

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor?

MAYORLOSER I think the problem Barack Obama would have is, first of all, he's never run a city, never run a state, never run a business. I don't think at a time when America's at war, with the major problems that we face, we're going to want someone to get on- the-job experience as the chief executive, never having had that kind of experience.

I do think he's embraced change, but change is a concept. Is it change for good or change for bad?

MAYORLOSER Changing, and having higher taxes, in my view, would be very bad for our economy. Changing, and moving toward socialized medicine would be very bad for our health care system.

Changing, by a precipitous withdrawal from Iraq, without considering the consequences -- he voted for giving the enemy a timetable of our retreat in Iraq. Unheard of in a time of war.

So I would say that virtually the same issues that exist between me and, let's say, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Edwards, they are really issues between Republicans and Democrats.

And in the case of Senator Obama, he really doesn't have the experience, either from the national security point of view or even from just the executive point of view.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, I think there would be substantial differences on the Second Amendment, on the sanctity of life, on the role of government, on the idea of local versus federal government. I'm still a 10th Amendment guy and believe that most of these decisions ought to be left to the states.

LOSER I think there will also be fundamental differences on taxes, whether they ought to go up or down. I think there would be differences on national defense. I think we ought to have the strongest possible military that nobody else on Earth wants to ever even think about engaging in battle.

There would be a number of issues that would be fundamentally different. Probably on same-sex marriage, there would be a difference of opinion between Senator Obama and me.

I mean, I could go through a whole litany of things that would be dramatically different. I think, in fact, it would be fair to say that any one of us would have a very different litany of issues.

But in fairness, since I still have just a little bit of yellow light left, I think we also ought to recognize that what Senator Obama has done is to touch at the core of something Americans want.

They are so tired of everything being horizontal -- left, right, liberal, conservative, Democrat, Republican. They're looking for vertical leadership that leads up, not down.

LOSER He has excited a lot of voters in this country. Let's pay respect for that. He is a likable person who has excited people about wanting to vote who have not voted in the past.

And we'd better be careful as a party, because if we don't give people something to be for, and only something to be against, we're going to lose that next election, and there are some fundamental issues that we lose with it.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER You know, it's interesting that you asked this question, because we have a lot of similarities, matter of fact, Barack Obama and myself, because our campaign is made up of young people. And frequently we will have young people joining us that came from Barack Obama's campaign and we're very pleased.

But Barack spoke out against the war before it started, and he respects civil liberties, and I respect him for that.

But the question is, is why, why would it be? I assume it's because of the similarity in the age of us two candidates that young people are attracted to us.



LOSER But it is. It's the youthfulness of the ideas that bring the young people to us.

But there is a difference between what Barack Obama is talking about, because he does give hope to young people, and that what happens in our campaign.

But I talk a lot more about different kind of economic policies. I talk about personal liberty and the right to people's personal life and getting -- stopping these wars and coming home and having a sensible monetary policy. And young people like this.

But Barack Obama is not going to talk about the goal of getting rid of the income tax and dealing with monetary policy. I mean, he is too much into the welfare state issue, not quite understanding how free market economics is the truly compassionate system.

If we care about the poor and want to help the poor, you have to have free markets. You can't have a welfare state in order to try to take care of people.

MODERATOR Let me move on.

People in this state, and everywhere, are worried about gas prices.

MODERATOR When 2007 began, oil was $61 a barrel. It was $100 last week. We haven't even begun to see the demand that India and China is going to put on the world's oil markets.

Don't you have to, in the end, level with people that gas prices are at this level to stay and, if anything, they're going to go higher?

And isn't not to do so intellectual dishonesty?

Anybody?

LOSER I'll be glad to answer that question, because it's something I talk about all the time and it's a very important question.

The Wall Street Journal yesterday had a very good chart that explains this. If you look at the price of oil in the last 10 years, if you look at it in terms of dollars, it went up 350 percent.

If you look at it in euros, it went up about 200 percent.

If you look at it in the price of gold, it stayed flat.

It's the inflation, it's the printing of money, it's the destruction of the value of the dollar. Added on to this, the notion that we go to protect our oil.

LOSER Oil was $27 when we went over there to get the oil and protect the oil and take the oil from Iraq. There's less -- there's less than about half the production now in Iraq right now. And we're threatening Iran. And that pushes prices up. It pushes up the concept of supply and demand.

But you can't deal with the price of oil without dealing with the supply and demand of dollars. When you devalue the dollar -- and the dollar is going down every day. And the further the dollar goes down, the higher the prices of oil are going up. We have to understand that.

MODERATOR Senator?

WINNER At that price of oil, we're going to send $400 billion a year overseas to oil-producing countries. Some of that money will end up in the hands of terrorist organizations. It will certainly end up in the hands of dictators who do not have our interests or our values, and sometimes want to harm America.

We have to reduce the dependence on foreign oil, and we have to eliminate -- we have to address the issue of greenhouse gas emissions.

WINNER I think it's a nexus of two critical issues facing this country alternate energy -- nuclear power, wind, solar, tide, hybrids. We have to unleash the technology of America -- and we must reduce and eventually eliminate this dependency on foreign oil, because it has become a national-security issue, and we have to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, because I believe there's enough evidence that we are going to damage this planet beyond repair unless we begin to address that issue.

SPRADLING Senator Thompson, Americans are also watching the profits of companies here in America that are making a lot of money as these prices per barrel are skyrocketing. They're bothered by it. People in New Hampshire are bothered by this. Aren't you?

SENLOSER Bothered by the high profits, you say?

SPRADLING By the profits, yes.

SENLOSER Yeah.

SPRADLING Should something not be done?

SENLOSER Well, I take note of those profits, and I take note of the losses when they've had them.

SPRADLING But you wouldn't step in to do anything to change the...

SENLOSER Such as what?

SPRADLING Excess profits tax?

SENLOSER Windfall profits tax? No. No.

You know, the oil price basically is a function or a result of supply and demand.

SENLOSER Now, we can throw rocks at each other, and we can demagogue the issue and all that. And, of course, there's plenty of it.

But getting back to your original question, Charlie, I mean, nobody knows what the price of oil is going to be in the future. But I think you make a good case that it's going to be -- it's going to be very high. Because it's not just us. The Chinese are demanding more oil, going around the world and making all kinds of deals with dictators and causing all kinds of other problems because of it. India. There are a lot of growing economies out there.

And that's the world we live in for the immediate future. We're not going to be energy independent in a few years.

Now, we have to be more diversified. We're getting too much oil from trouble spots in the world. Everybody knows about the Middle East. Everybody knows about Chavez and Venezuela. And we're just too dependent on the wrong kinds of people.

SENLOSER And we need to do all the things that John mentioned -- as I recall, the things he mentioned -- plus cleaner coal technology, plus using the oil reserves that we have here in this country and nuclear -- more nuclear.

But, you know, we are not -- you know, we're not a nation that regulates the profits or the losses of our economy. We want people refining that oil and we want people -- and there hasn't been a refinery built here in a long time in this country.

And we want the oil to flow. We need for it to flow right now while we work our way into a more diversified situation.

MODERATOR Any of you, by the...

MAYORLOSER Charlie, we really have to take the idea of energy independence and turn it into a program for energy independence. We've been talking about it since Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter -- never done it. And it has to be done on the scale of putting a man on the moon.

All of the things that they've all talked about, we've talked about it a long time; we just haven't done it.

MAYORLOSER We've got to expand nuclear. We've got to do clean coal. We've got to expand the use of hybrid vehicles, wind, solar, hydroelectric, liquid natural gas, natural gas, domestic oil, more refineries.

Senator Thompson is absolutely right We haven't built a refinery, I think, if 30 years. We haven't licensed a nuclear power plant in 30 years.

France is 80 percent nuclear. We're 20 percent nuclear. China is building 40 nuclear power plants. We're having trouble getting one licensed for the last 30 years.

If we don't make this a major program, led by the president of the United States, the way Eisenhower started the program to put a man on the moon and then Kennedy followed and then Johnson followed and Nixon got it done -- two Republicans, two Democrats -- it should be an American achievement.

MODERATOR Nuclear is a very interesting issue here in the state of New Hampshire.

Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, I think it is possible to get energy independent, and do it within a decade. We're the same country that built an atomic...

MODERATOR In 10 years?

LOSER I believe we can -- if we want to; if we untax the possibilities of the innovations in technologies; if we also look at the fact that -- put an incentive out there that's just truly something dramatic a billion-dollar bonus for the first person who can produce a car that can get 100 miles per gallon.

LOSER In addition to that, look at the alternative forms of energy that we can use. And everybody talked about...

(CROSSTALK)

SENLOSER There'd be no windfall profit tax on that.

LOSER There wouldn't be, no.

SENLOSER I agree.

LOSER And I don't believe there should, Fred, because I think we ought to un-tax innovation, un-tax income.

Anything -- any time you penalize productivity, it's counterintuitive to an economy. And one of the reasons that we're dependent is because we have allowed the oil companies to dictate not just prices, but policy.

And it's time to say that we're not going to allow dictators, whether it's the Middle East or from Venezuela, to continue to in essence enslave the American people, which is exactly what we've done.

Senator McCain is right. We have an issue now where we're paying for both sides of the war on terror. We pay for it with our tax dollars to fund the military, but every time we swipe our credit card in the gas pump, we might as well be sending a check over to the madrassas that are training the terrorists that eventually are going to come back to us. And that's why it's got to be an urgent matter of utmost priority.

MODERATOR We are just about out of time, but, Governor Romney, you're going to have the final word.

LOSER We're going to have to deal with this in an honest way with the American people, and that is this is not something that's going to get solved in 10 years. We can't become energy independent in 10 years, but we can get ourselves on a track to do that, with all the ways that Senator McCain and Mayor Giuliani and Fred Thompson have described. We can get there.

LOSER It's going to require a far more substantial investment by our nation in energy technology. Right now, we spend about $4 billion a year on new sources of energy and energy efficiency. We're going to have to increase that dramatically.

And American corporations, last year they spent more money defending tort lawsuits than they spent on research and development. We're upside-down. The future of a great nation like ours depends on leading the world in technology and innovation, in energy in particular.

This has to be our highest domestic economic priority, get ourselves on a track to become energy secure and energy dependent -- independent. We can do that. It's within our grasp. But it's going to take reality rather than just the political rhetoric we've seen over the last 25 years.

MODERATOR And with that, gentlemen, we conclude the Republican debate, and I thank you. And I think you are due a round of applause.


MODERATOR Hello, I'm Carolyn Washburn, editor of the Des Moines Register, and welcome to day one of the Des Moines Register debates.

Today we're going to talk with nine Republican candidates for President of the United States. The Democrats have spent lots of quality time in debates during this campaign, but this is the first time since summer that the Republicans have gone head to head in Iowa, and it's a critical time. Six in ten Iowa Republicans who say they expect to caucus told us just two weeks ago that they could still be persuaded to support another candidate, and now we're down to 22 days to go. So we're going to focus on issues Iowans say they still want to know more about. We won't talk a lot about the issues like Iraq or immigration. They are important issues, no doubt, but Iowans say they know where the candidates are coming from on those. Instead we'll dig in on issues that need more clarification. Iraq or immigration may come up because, of course, everything is interrelated, but we're not going to spend concentrated time on those.

First, I'd like to welcome the candidates. Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of the city of New York. Congressman Duncan Hunter of California. Congressman Ron Paul of Texas. Congressman Tom Tancredo of Colorado. Former Senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee. Mitt Romney, former Governor of Massachusetts. Former Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. Senator John McCain of Arizona. And Ambassador Alan Keyes of Maryland.

Thanks to all of you for being with us today despite the ice yesterday.

The rules are pretty simple. I'll ask the questions and let you know how much time you have. There are timing lights. You'll see a yellow light when you have ten seconds left, and a red light when it's, please, time to stop. I will try not to be a grinch about it, but I do ask you to respect the time so that we cover as much time as possible. I will offer up to 30 seconds of rebuttal time for any candidate criticized by name, and I may allow other candidates to respond if we have time. I'll explain everything as we go along, so let's begin.

MODERATOR We're going to start with a discussion about the financial situation facing our country, which was the single biggest issue Iowans of both parties wanted you to talk about. I'd like to ask everyone briefly to answer this question, and then we're going to talk more specifically. The Comptroller General has said the U.S. faces a tsunami of debt that is a great threat to our national security. Do you agree our country's financial situation creates a security risk, and why or why not? We're going to just go down the line starting with Mayor Giuliani, and please limit your answers on this to 30 seconds.

LOSER I believe that it's a major problem, and it's one that hasn't been addressed the way it should be over the course of the last seven, eight, maybe really twenty years, and there are three major things we have to do. First, we have to reduce government spending, and we have to be very disciplined about that. And we have to do it by imposing spending caps on spending agencies in government, 5, 10, maybe 15 percent. We have to say we're not going to rehire half of the civilian employees coming up for retirement. Forty-two percent are coming up over the course of the next eight to ten years. They should not be rehired. That would give us a $20 billion, $22 billion reduction. The other would even be higher. And then we have to reduce taxes. Right now we should reduce the corporate tax to 25%. We should reduce it from 35% to 25%. It'd be a major boost in revenues for the government. Most importantly, it would be a way of dealing with our fiscal policy in the same way the Fed is dealing with our monetary policy to create more liquidity. And there are other taxes we should get rid of. We should get ride of the death tax and a whole group of others, but the first one should be the corporate tax.

MODERATOR Okay, yes or not, I just want to be sure I'm clear, is that a threat to our national security? Yes or no, please.

LOSER I wouldn't call it national security. I'd call it economic security. It's very, very important. I think that Islamic terrorism is national security. Economic security is also important.

HUNTER There are two debts to the national security. One is the budget deficit, which is going to be about $161 billion this year. But the real deficit, the real loss that we have right now that is a threat to national security is a trade loss. The trade loss this year is going to be $800 billion. It's going to be $200 billion to communist China, which is rapidly becoming our banker. And there's an old saying you don't want to have a banker that doesn't have your best interests at heart. We should level the playing field. We should stop China from cheating on trade. We should bring back a lot of those high-paying manufacturing jobs to this country that we pushed offshore. That means bigger paychecks. That means more money going into the federal treasury and to Social Security and to Medicare. Eliminate those twin deficits, and we'll be on the right track.

MODERATOR We do need to stay at 30 seconds. This is not the time to get behind. Congressman?

LOSER It's absolutely a threat to our national security because we've spent too much, we tax too much, we borrow too much, and we print too much. When a country spends beyond its means, eventually it will destroy the currency, and we're in the midst of a currency crisis. Our dollar is going down rapidly as we speak. It's because we have lived beyond our means, we can't afford the foreign policy we have. We have to cut back. We have to live within our means. If we're going to spend money, we ought to spend it at home, and that is why we have to change this foreign policy. We can't afford to do what we're doing today, because it will destroy our dollar.

MODERATOR The reason why it becomes a national security problem is because the bulk of our imbalance of trade is a result of our importation of oil from countries that are not our friends. That's really where it rests. Most of the rest of the stuff we bring in doesn't constitute that kind of threat to the United States, but when we are supplying funds, supplying the funds for the people in other countries that have an intent, a malicious intent in regard to the United States, it's a national security issue. So, of course, energy independence is one huge step in the direction of trying to alleviate that problem.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER Our country has a $9 trillion debt. A good chunk of that is owned by China. We're bankrupting the next generation, without any question. Every economist in Washington who's looked at it will tell you that. It affects our national security for one reason is because we're squeezing military spending. We're spending at below historic norms under these circumstances for our defense, and we're spending twice as much for entitlements. That's why I put out a specific social security plan that'll save social security while saving the government $4 trillion. It's all in entitlements. We've got to spend more for the military, as a matter of fact, but we've got to look at Social Security and Medicare and do some things now that won't hurt anybody badly but will save it for the next generation.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER This is, indeed, a time of extraordinary challenges in this country, and the overspending in Washington and the over promises that we've made are certainly among those challenges, but this is not a time for us to wring our hands and think that the future is bleak. In fact, the future is bright. We need leadership in Washington that will rein in excessive spending, and we also need leadership that will help America grow. The best answer for our economic woes is to make sure we have good jobs for our citizens, good health care for everyone, and that we have policies that promote the growth of the nation. We can have a level playing field around the world, get ourselves off foreign oil, reduce the excessive spending in Washington, and have a bright future for our kids. This, again, is based upon the strength of the American people. If you want to see a strong America, you don't look to Washington, you look to strength in the American people.

LOSER It's most certainly a national security threat because a country can only be free if it can do three things. First it has to be able to feed itself. It has to be able to put food on the table for its own citizens. Secondly, it's got to be able to fuel itself. If it looks to somebody else for its energy needs, it's only as free as those who are willing for it to be. It also has to be able to fight for itself. It's got to be able to manufacture its own weapons for defense. Tanks, airplanes, bullets, and bombs. When we start outsourcing everything and we're in that kind of a trade deficit, just remember who feeds us, fuels us and who helps us to fight. That's to whom we're enslaved. If we didn't do those three things, our national security is very much at risk.

WINNER Of course, any nation that no longer has economic strength sooner or later will lose its military strength, so it's a national security issue. We have many trillions of dollars of unfunded liability. Obviously, we've been on a spending spree. We cannot increase taxes. If oil reaches $100 a barrel, which many people think it may, $400 billion of the American treasury will go to oil-producing countries. Some of those monies will go to terrorist organizations. We have got to achieve energy independence, oil independence in this nation. I will make it a Manhattan project, and we will, in five years, become oil independent.

MODERATOR Ambassador?

KEYES I think it's obviously a national security problem, but you have to understand what national security is. The Constitution defines it as securing the blessings of liberty. It has to do with the security of our people. If you want to secure the blessings of liberty for the American people, you cut off the spigot that funds the political ambitions of our leaders by abolishing the income tax and restoring control of 100% of their income to the American worker. That means you replace it with a fair tax system that puts the American people in control of their money. By doing that you will encourage the politicians to stop spending to fund their little political cliques and only limit their spending to what produces results for the American people.

MODERATOR Thank you. I want to dig into the budget issue a little bit more. You'll have 30 seconds to answer this next question. Again, I want to start with Mayor Giuliani. What sacrifices would you ask Americans to make to lower the country's debt? And I'd like you to be specific.

LOSER I think the most important thing is the federal government has to restrain its spending. That's the area in which we're hurting ourselves and in which we're creating this problem, national security, economic security, however you define it. The problem is not the American people. What we should be doing is restraining the amount of money that Washington spends in a concerted way with major reductions in civilian spending, using attrition, and returning  actually leaving more money in the pockets of the American people. The strength of America is not its central government. The strength of America are its people. Restrain the central government, give people more choice, more money to spend, we're going to see our economy booming. That's the kind of future where we can have unlimited dreams.

MODERATOR Mayor, you've said you would cut non-militarial spending 10% across the board. What sort of sacrifices would that require from people who use those government services?

LOSER That would require them trying to figure out other ways to do it. Rather than moving in the direction of more people on government medicine, I'd rather see us reduce the income tax burden, create an exemption for health care, so people can buy their own health care. So, that's going to require they take a little more time, take a little more ownership of their health care. But rather than relying on government as the nanny government, let's rely on people to make choices about their health care. Let's rely on instead of 17 million people buying their own health insurance, 50, 60, 70 million. You'll see the price come all the way down, and you'll see the quality come up. That's an American solution. It's a bold one but it's the kind of thing America's done in the past. We rely on our people, not on our government.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman Paul, what sacrifices would you ask Americans to make for debt reduction?

LOSER I think it's absolutely unnecessary to sacrifice. We want to give people more freedom, more chance to spend their own money. It's unnecessary. We can cut by looking at our foreign policy. We maintain an empire which we can't afford. We have 700 bases overseas. We're in 130 countries. We cut there and then we have a better defense of this country and the people get that money and they get to spend it here at home. There's no need to sacrifice, we need more liberty, more rights for the people to spend their own money. In that situation, there is no sacrifice and no need for it.

MODERATOR So, Governor Huckabee, your colleagues seem to think there is no sacrifice needed to reduce the debt. Do you agree? What would you do?

LOSER Sometimes it's not so much doing things so that people sacrifice. It's doing them differently. Let me give an example. A lot of the federal budget goes to health care. We need to do what most American companies are finding works in reducing health care cost. That's moving from the intervention-based health care model to a prevention-based. Our current model is upside down. We wait until people are catastrophically ill, and then we spend the most expensive ways of trying to cure incurable diseases. If we would put the focus on prevention, we would find, like American business is finding, that there really is savings if you kill the snake rather than treat the snakebites, which is the way our current system is built.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, I'd like you to address this first. You'll have one minute. Are there programs or situations that are so important that you'd be willing to run a deficit to pay for them?

LOSER Well, we don't have to run a deficit to pay for the things that are most important because we can eliminate the things that aren't critical. In the private sector, where I spent the first 25 years of my life and most of my career, you learn how to focus on the things that are most important and you get rid of the things that aren't. We have in the federal government 342 different economic development programs often administered by different departments. We don't need 342. We probably don't need a hundred of those. We probably need a lot fewer than that. We have 40 different programs for work force training. There are probably five or six that are really working and a lot that are probably not working terribly well. We can get rid of some of those. We have 13 different programs to prevent teenage pregnancy. They're obviously not working real well, and we could probably cut it down to one or two that are making a difference. What anyone in the private sector's learned how to do is to focus their resources on those things that have the biggest impact, that are most important. Surely protecting our country and the defense of our military is critical. Getting our free market, finally able to allow all of our citizens to have health insurance, that's something we did in Massachusetts. Improving our schools with school choice, better pay for better teachers, these are a lot of things that we can do but they don't require us to eliminate the things that are most critical in our society. Instead they require us to get rid of those things that are unnecessary, and the sacrifice we need for the American people, it's this it's saying let the programs that don't work go.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Don't lobby for them forever.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman Tancredo, how would you answer that?

MODERATOR I would say there is a way  a very clear way to actually establish what the government needs to do in order to reduce the costs that it incurs and to do what is right, and that is called follow the Constitution of this country. The Constitution is a limiting document. It tells the federal government what it can and cannot do. Today we do far too many things that exceed the constitutional bounds that are placed there. We have a responsibility. It is to protect and defend this country. Concentrate on that. Concentrate on doing what's right and what the Constitution itself gives us the responsibility for, and the rest of that stuff becomes extraneous. And honestly, if you think about it, if you ask America what would you do, what would you sacrifice, the one thing I would say is this don't ask the government for womb to tomb protection for your life, to build a bubble around you because all of that will cost a humongous amount of money, but we will respond to you, politician will do it because they want the votes. Don't ask, and I guarantee you may administration will remain inside the bounds of the Constitution.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, could you answer that? Are there programs or situations so important you'd be willing to run a deficit for them?

LOSER Yes, the military, the security of our people, first and foremost, always, our infrastructure, which is coming apart, and research and development, which is going to help us solve some of the problems in the future as far as energy and a lot of other issues. But I want to take a chance on telling the truth to the American people. Our entitlement programs, about 20 or 40 or so, are going to eat up our entire budget. Now, we'll go all day and nobody else will talk about that obvious problem we've got that we've got to address. The thing about it is we can do it now without hurting those programs, with actually strengthening those programs so that our kids and grandkids have them. I don't think we as American people are so selfish that we're going to put this off the table, kick the can down the road, and let everybody else solve that problem, you know, when our grandkids get to be working age. That's not America. That's not what makes us strong. And specifically as far as Medicare is concerned, we need to tell people in Warren Buffet's category, we're not going to take care of your Medicare in the future, we can't afford it.

MODERATOR Which leads nicely to the next question. I want to go down the line in reverse order and hear from everyone very briefly, please, 15 seconds or so, who in this country is paying more than a fair share of taxes relative to everyone else? The wealthy, the middle class, the poor, or corporations? Starting with Mr. Keyes.

KEYES That's one of those let's you and him fight questions that people in the media always want to get us involved in because they would like to pretend that the tax question is about fighting amongst ourselves, when the real sacrifice that's required from the American people, we need to start sacrificing some of these incumbents who have funded their political ambition using our money.

MODERATOR Remember, we have 15 seconds.

KEYES Who have spent overboard into the deficits after promising us on the Republican side that they would limit the government and then produce the highest budget deficits in the history of our country. I think we need to stop listening to these phonies and start looking for people who will actually fulfill the words that they speak. That's what I think.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER I'm happy to say low-income Americans except for payroll taxes don't pay taxes, but we've got to reform the tax code. Nobody understands it, nobody trusts it, nobody believes in it, and we have to fix it. And we can't raise taxes as our Democrat friends want. So I don't know exactly who's paying the most of the burden, but I would say that the American people need a tax code they can understand and that they know is fair.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Over 80% of the American people know that the tax code is irreparably broken. I would lead one to a fair tax, and that means the rich people aren't going to be made poor, but maybe the poor people could be made rich. That ought to be the goal of any tax system, not to punish somebody but to enable somebody so that they can have a part of the American dream. The fair tax does just that.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER I don't stay awake at night worrying about the taxes that rich people are paying, to tell you the truth. I'm concerned about the taxes that middle-class people are paying. They're under a lot of pressure. Gasoline is expensive. Home Heating oil, particularly in the northeast, is very difficult for folks. Health care costs are going through the roof. Education costs in higher education are overwhelming. And as a result, we need to reduce the burden on middle-income families in this country.

MODERATOR Okay. A little snappier, gentlemen. Senator Thompson?

LOSER My goal is to get in the Mitt Romney situation where I don't have to worry about taxes anymore.

(Laughter)

LOSER Well, you know, I'm just trying to get into your situation.

LOSER You're getting to be a pretty good actor actually.

(Laughter)

LOSER Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all. I think we need to concentrate on preserving the tax cuts of '01 and '03. That's going to be a monumental battle that's coming at the end of 2010.

MODERATOR Congressman?

MODERATOR Everyone that is presently paying tax can make a case that they're paying too much. The reality is, of course, you need a different system entirely. We do need to move away from this arcane  a system that taxes productivity, which is what we do, to a system that allows for a fair tax. I believe in that.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman?

LOSER The most sinister of all taxes is the inflation tax, and it is the most regressive. It hits the poor and the middle class. When you destroy a currency by creating money out of thin air to pay the bills, the value of the dollar goes down and people get hit with a higher cost of living. It's the middle class that's being wiped out. It is the most evil of all taxes.

HUNTER The tax that we're all paying that doesn't help anything, it doesn't go to defense, it doesn't go to roads, it doesn't go to medical care, is a $250 billion plus that we pay each year not to the federal government to the treasury, but to prepare our taxes, defend our taxes, and for the massive cost of the IRS. That's all overhead, $250 billion-plus dollars. What we ought to do is have a system, the fair-tax system is a good one, or a flatter tax or simpler tax because that young couple that pays $1,450 in taxes may pay $450 to their tax preparer. That's a second tax.

MODERATOR Mayor?

LOSER A flatter tax is simply a tax that you can file on one page. As an option, it would be a good idea. Reducing the corporate tax, as I suggested, reducing the corporate tax across the board, which would mostly benefit the middle class, that's where the focus should be. But we've got to reduce taxes across the board, and we should give the death penalty to the death tax. That really is a very unfair tax.

MODERATOR Thank you. Periodically throughout the debate we'll give each of the candidates 30 seconds to make a free statement. The candidates drew for the order, and we'll hear from the first two candidates now, Senator McCain followed by Congressman Hunter.

WINNER Thank you. I've devoted my life in uniform and in public office to keeping this nation safe. I've been involved in every major national security issue of our time. That kind of experience is what's given me judgment the judgment to oppose a failed strategy in Iraq, a judgment to call for the strategy that's succeeding now. And I wasn't very popular because of it. I have the judgment and the experience, and I believe that I can ask every American to serve. I have one guiding principle, one ambition, and that is to keep America safe and to achieve and maintain our greatness.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER I stand for a strong national defense, enforceable borders, and bringing back high-paying manufacturing jobs to this country, that we've pushed offshore with bad trade deals. I've been a member of the Armed Services Committee for 26 years now, and I've chaired that committee for four years, and I'm one of the few guys up here who's worn the uniform of the United States. And my own son has done, now, three tours in the Middle East, coming back on Thanksgiving. I know what it takes to secure this country. I also built that border fence in San Diego that worked so well, and I wrote the law that takes it across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. And as President, I will finish that border fence in six months.

MODERATOR Thank you. I want to come back to some issues that affect the economy. You'll have 30 seconds again. The longer you go on, the shorter you'll have to go. Thirty seconds to answer these questions, and we're going to start with Congressman Paul. One in five jobs in Iowa depends on exports to foreign countries. But we're also exporting a lot of high-wage manufacturing jobs. What's your plan for keeping foreign markets open while protecting good-paying American jobs?

LOSER Well, we need to adopt free trade agreements with other countries. Today we inhibit the export of, say, farm products to countries like Cuba. It's time we changed our attitude about Cuba. We should be looking to open these markets. But our markets get closed for monetary reasons because our chief export is our dollar. Because we have the reserve currency of the world, people take these dollars and our jobs go overseas. You can't solve any of these problems if you don't look at the monetary system and how it contributes to these job losses in order to provide the prosperity for our people here at home.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, would you answer that?

LOSER Yeah, I've spent the last, as I told you, 25 years in the private sector. I understand why jobs come and why jobs go. I've done business in over 20 countries around the world. And I understand how we can build strength in our economy, and that's by investing in education, investing in technology and innovation, getting ourselves off of foreign oil, and making sure the playing field that we play on around the world is level. It's not right now. We're going to have to renegotiate deals with people like those in China that manipulate their currency to put their products at an advantage over ours. We want to make sure that we do not have a circumstance where people close down their markets to our goods, because we can compete anywhere in the world. One out of three agricultural acres is planted to go offshore, so don't put up barriers that keep us from being able to trade. America can compete anywhere in the world, and to remain a superpower, we must compete around the world.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, job migration is a result of three things. When you have excessive taxation that penalizes the productivity of a company, you add to that excessive regulation, which means you've got more red tape than is possible to get through. And I would say that as President one of my goals would be, I can't part the Red Sea, but I believe I can part the red tape. The third thing is we've got too much litigation. When a company goes into business, particularly small business, from which 80 percent of all American jobs come, most small business people can't fight off the potential liabilities that come from all of the lawsuits in litigation. Take care of those three things, we won't see the incredible level of job migration that we see today.

MODERATOR Thank you. Some of our big trading partners commit human rights violations. Considering that poverty and abuse are often blamed for fostering terrorism, should we alter trade policies with those countries? Senator McCain?

WINNER Well, obviously, we should make sure that every nation respects human rights, and we should advocate that and try to enforce it. But I will open every market in the world to Iowa's agricultural products. I'm the biggest free marketer and free trader that you will ever see. And I will also eliminate subsidies on ethanol and other agricultural products. They are n impediment to competition. They are an impediment to free markets. And I believe that subsidies are a mistake. And I don't believe that anybody can stand here and say that they're a fiscal conservative and yet support subsidies which distort markets and destroy our ability to compete in the world and destroy our ability to get cheaper products into the United States of America.

MODERATOR I'm going to move to the next question. What specific changes should be made in NAFTA? Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I think the main thing is it should be enforced, and the reality is NAFTA's been a good thing. I was concerned about NAFTA, and I became convinced watching it that it's actually helped us. Our percentage of exports, percentage of GDP has gone up dramatically from something like 9 percent to 11 percent. It's brought more jobs to America. America should think about free trade, global economy as something we want to embrace. This is what we've always wanted. America is a country of entrepreneurs and dreamers and creators, and what we should be thinking about is how much can we sell to these people. As they're coming out of poverty, 20 million, 30 million people in India, China, these are new customers for the United States of America. Then we have to make sure that we have a level playing field. That's very important, but we shouldn't lose the goal of free trade. We're big dreamers here in this country. We've got plenty we can sell all over the world that will make up for what we're buying.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, what specific changes would you make to NAFTA?

LOSER Well, I think free trade and fair trade has been the backbone of our economy. I think it's been just as good for us as it has Mexico. In fact, I think Mexico needs to think about that when they criticize us for trying to enforce our border. They export more  send more people out of the country every year than we do, in terms of illegal aliens. So it's been a good thing for both countries. It's a long, complex document. I have nothing in particular to point out. I just think we need to make a commitment to free and fair trade and enforce the agreements that we've got. The problem is too many people close their markets to us. They want trade with us but they want to place undue restrictions to our manufacturers and our farmers. We can't stand for that.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR NAFTA has been a disaster for a lot of places and especially Mexico. Southern Mexico, it was a disaster. It destroyed the entire agricultural economy. Guess what happened. They all came north. If NAFTA had worked so well, as everybody on this stage appears to think it did, why would we still have so much pressure on our southern border from people trying to escape from a country that does not provide them with the economic opportunities that NAFTA promised? What, of course, is also engrained in this whole discussion is the lack of sovereignty, the fact that our borders are meaningless, the fact that Mexican trucks can come across without  essentially without being checked. These are the problems with NAFTA, and they have to be unwound.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, you wanted in on that?

HUNTER Absolutely, you know, we had a $3 billion trade surplus with Mexico when we passed NAFTA, and the advocates said we're going to build on that surplus. Today we have a massive trade loss. We went immediately to a $15 billion trade loss. We had that now for the last many years. Let me tell you, if you take your product made in Iowa down to the Mexican border right now, you will pay a 15-percent tariff, which they moved into place after we passed NAFTA. You know, trade deals are business deals between nations. And we haven't made good business deals between nations, and NAFTA is a bad business deal.

MODERATOR I want to move on and hear the free statements from our next two candidates. Congressman Paul first and then Senator Thompson.

LOSER The goal of all political action should be to preserve liberty. We need more freedom in this country. We need to look to ourselves and what we are doing. We have drifted so far from our Constitution that the government that  the Constitution was written to restrain our government. Yet we've turned around and the Constitution now is used to restrain the people. But we have no chance if we don't restrain the government in all that they do in undermining our persona liberties, controlling our economic well being, and using it as an excuse to police the world. If we don't change the role for government, this country is going to suffer a very serious, serious economic crisis.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

LOSER On all these issues, I've been a strong, consistent, common-sense conservative. Butt he most important issue facing our country and will be for a long time, is national security and the safety of our people. I've spent a long time traveling both in and out of government, traveling, talking to foreign leaders, dealing with these issues. I know the world we live in. I think I know what we need to do. I think that it's going to require strong leadership. And I would ask people to think one thing before they cast a vote. When our worst enemy is sitting down at the negotiating table thinking about what he can do to the United States of America, who do you want sitting on our side of the table representing you? That's probably the guy you ought to elect President.

MODERATOR Thank you. I want to take on a new issue. I would like to see a show of hands. How many of you believe global climate change is a serious threat and caused by human activity?

LOSER I'm not doing hand shows today.

MODERATOR No hand shows today.

MODERATOR And so does that mean  is that yes or no for you? Do you believe that global climate change is a serious threat and caused by human activity?

LOSER Well, do you want to give me a minute to answer that?

MODERATOR No.

LOSER Well, then I'm not going to answer it.

(Laughter and applause)

LOSER How about 30 seconds?

MODERATOR No, you know 

LOSER How about a show of hands?

MODERATOR We're going to follow up on that, but what I need to know is who believes global climate change is serious and caused by human activity, and then we'll talk more in detail about it.

I do. I believe that global climate change is real.

Let's have a chance to talk about it.

(All speaking at once)

MODERATOR I'm going to start with Senator McCain and come back to Mayor Giuliani.

WINNER I've been involved in this issue since the year 2000. I have had hearings. I've traveled the world. I know that climate change is real. But let me put it to you this way. Suppose that climate change is not real and all we do is adopt green technologies, which our economy and technology is perfectly capable of. Then all we've done is given our kids a cleaner world. But suppose they're wrong. Suppose they're wrong and climate change is real and we've done nothing? What kind of a planet are we going to pass on to the next generation of Americans? It's real. We've got to address it. We can do it with technology with cap and trade, with capitalist and free enterprise motivation. And I'm confident that we can pass on to our children and grandchildren a cleaner, better world.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I agree with John. Climate change is real. It's happening. I believe human beings are contributing to it. I think the best way to deal with it is through energy independence, and I think energy independence ..

That I agree with.

MODERATOR Who doesn't agree?

HUNTER He said contributing but not totally 

Yeah.

Okay.

(Laughter)

LOSER And I think our party 

You're getting closer.

Can you give us each a chance?

LOSER And I think our party should embrace this as an issue for us.

MODERATOR Let me come at it this way. Let me come at it this way. What impact on the economy would be acceptable in order to reverse global warming and greenhouse gas emissions? Governor Romney?

LOSER Well, it's going to help our economy because we're going to invest in new technologies to get ourselves off of foreign oil. And as we get ourselves off of foreign oil, we also dramatically reduce our co2 emissions. That's good for the environment. It's also good for our economy. Because buying $300, $400 billion worth a year in oil from people who use it against us, that's bad for our economy. It's also bad for the environment. We can do these things in a way that helps both the environment and the economy and national security. That's the beauty of what we're talking about here, which is, yeah, is global an issue for the world? Absolutely. Is it something we can deal with by becoming energy independent and energy secure? We sure can. But at the same time, we call it global warming, not America warming. So, let's not put a burden on us alone and have the rest of the world skate by without having to participate in this effort. It's a global effort but our independence is something we can do unilaterally.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, what do you think about this?

KEYES Well, what I think is that a lot of folks out there ought to understand that what you're watching represents the situation in our country. Ask yourself who represents the people they don't let you hear from, and you'll know who you should vote for in the Iowa caucuses. Who represents the voice that they're absolutely determined to overlook in the discussion of our sovereignty and the betrayal of this people's sovereignty? On the border, on our moral principles, on the major export overseas, which is our jobs, these folks represent the very elite who year after year after year have destroyed our Constitution, betrayed our rights, and undermined our strength created by our people in the world.

MODERATOR And yet the one person willing to talk about that is overlooked time and time again. That person represents you.

LOSER I agree with Alan Keyes' position on global warming.

(Laughter)

KEYES Mostly I would have to say I'm in favor 

MODERATOR Let me  Let me 

KEYES I'm in favor of reducing global warming because I think the most important emission we need to control is the hot air emission of the politicians who pretend one thing and don't deliver.

Absolutely.

Doctor, heal thyself.

(All speaking at once)

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Let me come to a question that Iowans may not let you out of answering. Governor Huckabee, you've said you support increasing government mandates requiring motorists use 36 million gallons of biofuels by 2022, which is six times what we're producing this year. Are you willing to increase that mandate even if it will drive up feed for livestock or force consumers to buy flex fuel vehicles?

LOSER I don't think that's what's necessary. And the reason this issue ought to be important is that we don't own this Earth. We are simply stewards of it, caretakers. And I know on a day like today it's hard to believe there is global warming, if anybody's been in Iowa on a day like today. But climate change and who's causing it is of less importance than what Senator McCain said, and he's exactly right. We have done no harm if we take better care of this planet and give it to your children with cleaner air, cleaner soil and cleaner water.

MODERATOR So are you willing to increase the mandate?

LOSER I am willing for us to make the decisions which will not necessarily create the mandates. Let me tell you how we do it. You know who one of the biggest energy users is in the whole country? The United States government. If the government commits to being the primary user of alternative forms of energy, we have a market built in and, therefore, the big argument against having alternative energy is there's no market for i8t. Well, let the government be a marketplace, and we'll create the kind of demand that lowers the price rather than raises the price.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER You know, I say instead of mandates, incentives. The problem with mandating only biofuels, and, you know, ethanol's not the greatest thing in show business. You use a lot of energy to create ethanol, and there's other biofuels out there, biodiesel, etc. But by giving incentives in R and D and by bringing our government laboratories together with business, with our educational institutions, the United States can become the center with a grand new industry of energy innovation. We can be the leaders in the world in this. But you don't want to push away things like hydrogen, fuel cells, and other things. Incentives is the way to go, and we should take the entire array of alternative energy sources and give incentives to private enterprise to get involved and get into the business of delivering us a great product. And we can produce a great new industry for this next generation.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, what would you do about mandates?

MODERATOR No, I don't believe in mandates. I believe the market is the best determinant of exactly how these problems should be addressed. I do not mind and I would not be opposed to research and development, but the idea that the government knows the right amount somehow, some way, some brilliant analyst, usually some politician who hasn't the brightest idea of the issue, will make a decision about what is the right amount of mandate to impose on the rest of the country. And you know what? It never works out right. Let the market  I trust the market more than I do the government.

MODERATOR Let's hear free statements from two more candidates. First Congressman Tancredo and then Governor Huckabee.

MODERATOR We have had 45 years of unlimited immigration, both legal and illegal, into this country. That is a problem, unlimited massive immigration is a problem. But when it happens commensurately without the same amount of assimilation, it becomes a catastrophe. It will become what Teddy Roosevelt warned of when he said you can have immigration, but if it happens without assimilation, all you end up with is not a nation, but a polyglot boarding house. Some of my friends on the stage, both governors and senators, say we should trust their judgment. Well, their judgment is what got us into this problem, so we need to trust somebody else to get us out.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I think people in this country are looking for leadership. They're looking for change. They're not looking that people would be elected to be so much a ruling class but a servant class. We've forgotten that. Our founding fathers had a brilliant, really revolutionary idea, that the people elected would not represent the elite but would represent the ordinary. Our founding fathers had the idea that when we are elected, we're not elected as a part to be elevated up but to truly remember who it is we work for. I think sometimes that's what's happened in America. We forget our job is to keep this country safe first and foremost, and to it's to try to encourage Americans to be their best at everything they do. I can tell you it's a long way from the little rent house I grew up in to this stage. I'm still in awe this country would afford kids like me the opportunity to be a President. I'll try not to forget where I come from and where this country needs to go.

MODERATOR Thank you. A new topic that some Iowans say hasn't had enough debate during this campaign, and that's education. American 15-year-olds ranked behind 16 other countries in recent assessment of science literacy. What educational standards does the U.S. need to adopt or improve to compete in the global economy, and what will you do to move us toward those standards, and what's your timetable? Senator McCain?

WINNER The answer to the problem in education in America is simple. We need more choice and more competition. Entrance by a good student into college today, they have a number of choices and people are seeking them to be part of those educational institutions. We don't have the choice in competition we needed in K-12. We need more charter schools. We need vouchers where it's approved by the local state and school boards. We need to have, clearly, home schooling, if people want that. We need to reward good teachers and find bad teachers another line of work. We need to have all of these compete. In my home state of Arizona, we have charter schools. Some have failed. But they're competing with the public schools, and the level of education is increasing. In New York City today, there's a remarkable thing happening under Mayor Bloomberg and Joel Klein who have done marvelous work with an educational system that was clearly broken. Those can be examples of a way to improve education in America and provide choice in competition and give every American family the same choice I and my family had, and that is to send our child to the school of our choice.

MODERATOR Thank you. Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I'm here because of the educational choices my parents made, or I wouldn't be here or have achieved anything that I've achieved. And that's the place where the decision should be made. Instead of having these education standards done in Washington by the education department or bureaucrats in a state capital or on a board, the choice should be made by parents. Parents should choose the school their child goes to the same way people choose higher education. Has it ever occurred to us that higher education is still the very, very best in the world, and you're asking me about K-12? Well, higher education is based on choice. It's based on a large consumer market. It's based on competition. It's the area of K-12 where we have this government command sort of approach. And if we give the choice to parents where they can choose a private school, a parochial school, a public school, a charter school, home schooling, let them be the decider. I think we'll see a big revolution in education.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER Three words. A math teacher in the barrio of Los Angeles taught young kids calculus. He taught them so well that the school district called up and said, We think your kids are cheating on the test. And he said, test them again. And he established this incredible system of calculus in the school district by inspiring young people. How many of us in our careers can point back to a teacher and say that teacher inspired me? What we have to do is take away the bureaucratic credentialing of teachers and allow people who are aerospace engineers and pilots and scientists and retired folks to come in and inspire young people in third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth grades. Let's inspire them to reach for the stars and given them the incentive to work hard enough to get there. Inspiration, changing the credentialing system and school choice.

MODERATOR Hasn't that teacher since left the public school system?

HUNTER And you know why? The post mortum on --- the unions ran him out of the school district, and I think that goes right to one of the big problems that we have.

MODERATOR If we need to improve our educational system quickly to be more competitive in the world, does the federal government need to exercise different influence than it has historically over educational standards? If so, in what ways, and if not, how do you encourage state to meet national goals to move us forward? Governor Romney?

LOSER Carolyn, these are 60-second answers, right?

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER Okay, let's make sure because time is going pretty quick here. Education is an important topic, and the President was right to fight for No Child Left Behind, because we allow states now to test our kids and see how they're doing, particularly in math and English. We've made the same effort in our state, actually before No Child Left Behind was passed. We test our kids. We have high standards. We teach them in English, English immersion. We say to be successful in America, you've got to speak the language of America. We also put in place incentives for kids to do well. For those that take the graduation exam, which you have to take to get out of high school, we say you're going to get, if you score in the top 25% of the test, a four-year tuition-free scholarship to a Massachusetts institution of higher learning.

MODERATOR But what about the role of the federal government?

LOSER And the federal government insists on those tests and standards. And it's key. Let me continue. I think we also have to have higher pay for better teachers. And people who are not good teachers ought to find a better career. And finally, we need more parental involvement. And we've tested our kids in Massachusetts along with all the other kinds in the nation. Fifty states get tested every year in English and math. In fourth and eighth grade, my eighth graders came out number one in English, came out number one in math. My fourth graders, number one in English, number one in math. The first time in history one state number one in all four measures. School choice, better pay for better teachers, high standards, scholarships for the best kids, English immersion, these principles work.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER First of all, the whole role of education is a state issue. It's not really a federal issue. And the worst thing we can do is shift more burden, more responsibility, more authority to the federal government, when more of it needs to go to the states. But I think the federal government can play a pivotal role primarily in helping to make sure that the best practices that are working in the states are shared with state who are struggling. Let me give you a couple of examples of what has to happen in all the states, and the federal government can at least share the data and information. One, personalize the learning for the student. We have 6,000 kids every day drop out in this country. They don't drop out because they're dumb, they drop out because they're bored to death. They're in a 19th century education system in a 21st century world. If we really are serious, first of all, we make sure we build the curriculum around their interests rather than push them into something they don't care about. Second thing, unleash weapons of mass instruction. I'm a passionate, ardent supporter of having music and art in every school for every student at every grade level 

MODERATOR Time.

(Applause)

LOSER Because let's just make sure you understand why. It's not frivolous. It's because if we don't develop the right side of the brain with the same level of attention as we do the left, which is the logical side, we end up with an unbalanced, bored student, which is exactly what we've done, and students are out of our system because of it.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, what's the biggest obstacle 

KEYES Excuse me, do I have to raise my hand? I'd like to address that question.

MODERATOR I'm getting to you.

KEYES No, you're not. You haven't in several go rounds, so I have to make an issue out of it. I would like to address the issue of education.

MODERATOR Go ahead.

KEYES I don't wish it to pass on 

MODERATOR Go ahead, please. You have thirty seconds.

KEYES They have a minute. Why do I get thirty seconds? See, your unfairness is now becoming so apparent that the voters in Iowa must understand there's a reason for it, and the reason is what I'm about to say. Governor Huckabee just addressed the question of education. He has stood before values voters and moral conservatives, claiming that he is their spokesman. Do you know the major problem in American education today? We allowed the judges to drive God out of our schools. We allowed the moral foundation of this republic, which is that we are created equal and endowed by our Creator, not by our Constitution or our leaders with our rights. If we don't teach our children that heritage and the moral culture that goes along with it, we cannot remain free. They will not be disciplined to learn science, to learn math, to learn history, to learn anything. And they don't want to talk about this, except when they're squabbling about their own personal faith and forgetting that we have a national creed. And that national creed needs to be taught to our children so that whether they are scientists or businessmen or lawyers, they will stand on the solid ground of a moral education that gives them the discipline they need to serve the right, to exercise their freedom with dignity, and to defend justice because they understand it is our heritage.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, what's the biggest obstacle standing in the way of improving education in the United States, and how would you address it?

LOSER Probably the federal government. We've been involved at the federal level for over 50 years, we've had a Department of Education. It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education, and we have No Child Left Behind. The teachers don't like it. The students don't like it. The quality of education hasn't gone up. The cost of education has gone up. So, we need to look to our local resources, we need to release the creative energy of the teachers at the local level, but what we can do immediately is to give tax credits. I have a bill that would give tax credits to the teachers to raise their salaries. At the same time we should encourage home schooling and private schooling and let the individuals write that off. The parents have to get control of the education. It' used to be parents had control of education through local school boards. Today it's the judicial system and the executive branch of government, the bureaucracy that controls things, and it would be predictable that the quality would go down. The money goes to the bureaucrats and not to this educational system at home.

MODERATOR Thank you. Senator Thompson, how would you answer that?

LOSER The question was what's the biggest impediment to education?

MODERATOR What is the biggest obstacle standing in the way, and how would you address it?

LOSER The biggest obstacle, in my opinion, is the National Education Association, the NEA. I read time and time again every time someone wants to inject a little choice into the equation for the benefit of the kids, inject a little freedom, inject a little competition, because we're not exactly doing that well because of the things that you pointed out earlier, the NEA is there to oppose it and bring in millions and millions of dollars to go on television and work and scare people and misrepresent the situation on the ground. I think that that just goes against everything that we know that can make progress in this country. We're a nation of freedom and innovation and choice. And well-to-do people are out in the suburbs. They don't seem to care that much. Inner-city people need a chance to enjoy the choice that the Mayor's talking about for colleges and universities. Other people have a choice too. If they're wealthy enough to move into a neighborhood because they want their kids to go to school there, let's give it to everybody else and let's stop people from standing in the way of that.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman Tancredo, what's your take on all that?

MODERATOR I had the opportunity to serve under Ronald Reagan as the regional director for the U.S. Department of Education. Our task was to try to narrow it down because we knew we couldn't legislatively get rid of it, although we wanted to. So I went  in my region we knew we went from about 222 people. It took us about four or five years to get down to about 60 people. I used to always say we've gotten rid of 80% of the people in this department, has anybody been able to tell the difference? Do you know what? Not a single soul said they had. If we had gone to zero, you'd never know the difference. That's because we don't need the department. It's an encumbrance on our attempt to actually teach children in this country. As is the federal government and its intervention and rules. But I don't think, Governor, with all due respect, you can't say on one hand you're against having government intervention and on the other hand tell us you want music and art and everything else in the school. That's not the job of a president. It is the job of a governor. That's what you should run for if you want to dictate curriculum.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, would you like a rebuttal? You have thirty seconds.

LOSER Well, I made very clear to the Congressman that what I suggested was that the federal government becomes the clearinghouse. It shows the best ideas. I was a governor ten-and-a-half years. I had executive experience longer than anyone on this stage running a government. And I had also the most, I think, impressive education record. And you know what? I looked for what other states were doing that worked. I was looking for all the ideas. We raised standards. We measured. And we held people accountable for the results. Anytime you give governors the opportunity to know what will work, they'll use it because it means jobs, it means economic development. That's exactly the only role. If anyone doubts the president ought not use the bully pulpit to encourage the best practices, I would say the second most job of importance to the president, second to being commander in chief, is to be the communicator in chief. And we're losing a lot of kids in this country. A third don't graduate. For a president to say that's none of my business? It's recklessly irresponsible. A president needs to say it's unacceptable that that many kids leave our schools every single day.

MODERATOR Okay, Governor Romney.

LOSER Just one small adjustment to what Governor Huckabee had to say, and I don't believe you had the finest record of any governor in education 


(Laughter)

LOSER -- because there's another one on the stand whose kids outperformed me. The kids in our state, as I indicated, scored number one in all four measures on the national exams, and they did that because of Republican principles, free market principles and it was a partnership. You see, education is not just the teachers union. I agree with Senator Thompson on that. They've been the biggest obstacle to change in education and choice. It's not just one side of this, it's teachers, it's parents, it's the state, it's federal government, it's all levels coming together and working together for the benefit of our kids. And we face right now an education challenge that's really unusual. We're behind. America's behind in education. Our kids score in the bottom 10-25% in exams around the world among major industrial nations, and we've got to have the kind of change that requires all of us working together, not just poking and saying it's someone else's job.

MODERATOR Thank you. In light of the big needs and the financial realities we've just discussed up to this point, realistically what do you believe you could accomplish in your first year as president? We're going to go down the line starting with Mr. Giuliani. So that everyone gets a chance to talk, I need you to keep your remarks to 30 seconds.

LOSER We can make sure the country is secure against Islamic terrorism and on the road to winning the war against Islamic terrorists. We could end illegal immigration by beginning a border stat system. It might take two or three years, but we could begin it. We could do a major tax reduction, the ones that I indicated earlier, to stimulate the economy. I would immediately begin to reduce the size of the federal government the way I did when I was Mayor of New York, and I would move toward energy independence as a goal similar to putting a man on the moon, the Manhattan project. You can use a lot of ways to describe the nature of it, but I would make sure that we accomplish energy independence. You would do things that we hadn't done before and that we previously thought were impossible. You need bold leadership to accomplish that, and I think I can do that.

MODERATOR Congressman?

HUNTER First you've got to strengthen the U.S. military. We have to look at the horizon past Iraq and Afghanistan and see the emergence of North Korea with nuclear capability, Iran proceeding on that path despite what the NIE says, and also the emergence of communist China as a new superpower stepping into the shoes of the Soviet Union. So strengthening the military and meeting those horizon threats and also strengthening our border, enforcing the U.S. border. That means building the border fence and making sure we know who's coming into this country, what they're bringing with them. Lastly, bringing back the industrial base of the United States that right now is fragmenting and being sent off to China and to other places around the world, which also is a security threat, bringing back high-paying manufacturing jobs to this country that will serve this next generation well.

MODERATOR Thank you. That's a tall order for a year. Congressman Paul, what about you?

LOSER Well, there's a limit to what you can do in one year. And at home, it's more difficult. You would have to work with a Congress, but a commander in chief could end the war. We could bring our troops home. That would be a major event. It would be very valuable. We could be diplomatically  we could become diplomatically credible once again around the world. Right now today we're not. Even our allies resent what we do. We would have no more preemptive war. We would threaten nobody. We would not threaten Iran. Now it is proven once again Iraq didn't have the nuclear weapons, had nothing to do with 9/11. The Iranians have no nuclear weapons, according to the CIA. There's no need for us to threaten the Iranians. We could immediately turn the Navy around and bring them home, and I think this would be a major step to ward peace.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR The first five minutes after taking office, I would free Ramos and Compean. That's for sure. The second thing I would do is to make sure that we begin the process of securing those borders and enforcing the law inside the United States against hiring people who are here illegally. Then I would use that bully pulpit that the Governor talked about  and he's absolutely accurate in terms of the importance of it for a president of the United States  for this reason to explain that it is, in fact, a war is not going on in Iraq. That's a battle. We are fighting a war against radical Islam. It is a threat to our existence as a nation, it's a threat to western civilization. It will take someone who's willing to say that and lead western civilization in this clash.

MODERATOR Thank you. Senator Thompson, your first year?

LOSER Well, it wouldn't take me a year. I'd go before the American people and tell them the truth and try to establish my credibility and tell em that we haven't come to terms, yet, with the nature of the threat that we're facing or what we're going to have to do to defend ourselves over the years. I'd tell them that if they didn't' already know it, we're bankrupting the next generation and nobody even wants to talk about it, much less do anything about it. I'd tell them that judges are setting our social policy no win this country, and that's going to stop. And then I'd bring in members of Congress and say, look, I just got a mandate. We can work and cooperate together, or I'll go over your head to the American people.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER I want to do more than talk in my first year. There are a lot of things that I want to get done. First of all, I want to establish a strategy to help us overwhelm global Jihad and keep the world safe. I want to end illegal immigration. We can get that done. I want to end the expansion growth of entitlements, rein em in. I want to end the extraordinary growth in federal spending, and I want to keep our tax burden down and reduce our tax burden on middle-income families. I want to get us on a track to become energy independent. I want to get our schools on a track so they can become competitive globally. And I want to get health insurance for every America. It's going to take four years for that to happen, but I'll get us on track. We'll have a stronger military, a stronger economy, and stronger values with stronger families after my first year in office.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, I like the laundry list that everybody's had, and I would agree that every one of those things is important. Reality is none of that's going to happen till we bring the country back together. I think the first priority of the next president is to be a president of all the United States. We are right now a very polarized country, and that polarized country has led to be a paralyzed government. We've got Democrats who fight Republicans, liberals fighting conservatives, the left right the right. Who's fighting for this country again? We've got to even quit fighting amongst ourselves, as conservatives and as Republicans, and start putting the better interests of this nation. If that doesn't happen we'll get none of these things done. We've got to be the united people of the United States, and a president has got to somehow remind us that we are a great, resilient nation that has to stick together to solve all of these problems.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER Our first obligation and my qualifications lend to making America safe. We must make America safe. This is a military, diplomatic, intelligence, and cyberspace challenge. And I have the credentials and the knowledge and the background and the judgment to do that. The second most important thing if we're going to complete that laundry list is restore trust and confidence in government. There is none today. We have to fix Medicare. We have to stop this wasteful pork barrel spending that has led to corruption in Washington. Of course, we have to fix our borders. We have to sit down together and fix Medicare and Social Security. I can lead. I can inspire confidence and restore trust and confidence in their government again. That's the key to any success we want to achieve.

MODERATOR Ambassador?

KEYES What I would concentrate on is restoring the sovereignty of the people of this country. I would restore their moral sovereignty, which is something I think I can do very simply by declaring that no action taken by the executive branch would support, aid, or abet anyone who is destroying the constitutional rights of those who are in the womb. I would sign an executive order to that effect day one, and we would reestablish this government's commitment to the constitutional rights of our posterity. Folks talk about our posterity, but you can't really respect them if you're killing them in the womb. It doesn't make any sense. And I would also want to abolish the income tax. You say it can't be done in a day. We need to start talking about it and talking about actually implementing the far tax proposal that will end the wasteful spending by putting them under the discipline of a people who can actually withhold their taxes by changing the patterns of spending. And finally, I would establish a national border guard. I would seal the borders of the United States so that only those would cross our borders who are subject to our laws and the terms of those laws 

MODERATOR Thank you.

KEYES And I would encourage through this national border guard a real respect for the security that must be maintained along that border if we're serious about the war on terror.

MODERATOR We're going to move to the last three candidate statements. Governor Romney has 30 seconds, followed by Mr. Keyes and, finally, Mayor Giuliani.

LOSER I want to begin by saying thank you to the people of Iowa over the last year. My wife and I visited many, many home, many places, over 70 town meetings, 67 counties. Josh, my son, has visited all 99 counties. People here have warm hearts. They've welcomed us and it's something that's made me feel very good about America. Anybody who's worried about the future of this great land needs to come to Iowa and meet the people with the kind of heartland values that you have here. People here also recognize we face real challenges, and they want somebody who will strengthen America. I know how to keep America strong. I know a lot about the economy. I'll make sure we keep good jobs. I've learned a lot about education and health care. I'll improve our schools, get our health care system working for all Americans, and I'll make sure that we have the kind of values that we can be proud of that are so essential to the great strength of this nation. And finally I want to say to the people of Iowa, I need your help, I'd like your vote, and I want you to get out and participate in that caucus.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes?

KEYES I think that the critical thing is what you need to do. If you really want to see a change in government, then we need to restore the credibility of the Republican Party, a credibility that has been destroyed by the betrayal of promises to keep government limited that resulted in outrageously high budget deficits at an historic level in this country. The betrayal along the border with the President telling us that he suddenly discovered we didn't have a secure border six years into his term. And if you want to accomplish that, join the political army of America's revival at alankeyes.com and make sure you become part of that change. We're not going to restore self-government until you become an active people not willing to take the inadequate choices you have, but lifting up the choice that this country needs.

MODERATOR Thank you. Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I've been tested by having to provide leadership through crisis, through difficult crises, not just September 11 but in my time as United States Attorney, Associate Attorney General, Mayor of New York City. And America needs bold leadership. We have big problems. We have problems that we haven't faced in the past and solved, problems about how to deal with terrorism effectively, problems about our border, problems about our economic security that we've talked about. And to do that we need bold leadership. We need the kind of ideas that I've put forward in the 12 commitments to the American people. But most importantly, we need an optimistic leader who can bring us these kinds of solutions. I've gotten results in the past. I would like the opportunity to do that for my country.

MODERATOR Thank you. Voters have told us that character and leadership qualities matter as much or more than many issues. Over the past few months we asked candidates who have spent time in Iowa about some of their core values, and we videotaped the answers. Since we're pitching Web sites, you can see all the insights videos at DesMoinesRegister.com, but today we're going to see a few and then expand the conversation. Let's watch the first ones.

LOSER I would do this as president. When I was Mayor of New York, I would go get people's opinions. I'd walk the streets, I'd sit down at a restaurant, I'd ask people what they think. I'd go on radio, do a call-in show. I did 96 town hall meetings all with the purpose of hearing what people had to say. Maybe  even with multiple sources of advice within government, maybe if you don't' hear from the people every once in a while, you get a wrong perspective.

HUNTER Legislation is a function of compromise. When you put together a budget, for example, a budget to increase defense spending, and that budget which increases defense spending may have  may have also pork barrel programs that you don't like and you've promised your constituents you'll fight against pork barrel programs. In the end, if you vote for the budget of the United States, you vote for a lot of things.

LOSER The Internet is delightful. It is just delightful for finding the information. And if there's a question that I need, ask, you can find it. So, I spend a lot of time getting information that was at one time in my life very difficult to find. There should be no excuse in this country anymore for not finding correct answers and analyzing the problems that we face, because the correct answers are out there and judgments should be made to the best of one's ability.

MODERATOR So this next set of questions is entirely about character and leadership. Mayor Giuliani, your administration in New York has been accused of handling your security expenses in a way that obscured public disclosure. What specifically will you promise to do to ensure that a Giuliani White House is open with information that might be inconvenient to explain to the public?

LOSER Well, the reality is that all 

MODERATOR Thirty seconds, please.

LOSER The reality is that all that information was available and known to people, known six years ago. And I would make sure that government was transparent. My government in New York City was so transparent that they knew every single thing I did almost every time I did it. So, I would be extremely  I would be extremely open.

(Laughter)

LOSER I'm used to it. I'm used to being analyzed. I haven't had a perfect life. I wish I had. And I do the best that I can to learn from my mistakes. But as far as open, transparent government, I think I've had both an open, transparent government and an open, transparent life, and it allows you to lead with honesty and truth.

MODERATOR So are there things you could have done in this situation that would have been more open and not raised these concerns about obscuring public disclosure?

LOSER No, the reality is that this was a bookkeeping practice. The way it was done actually made it more available to freedom of information act requests. Had it been done just in the police department, nobody would have ever found it. Everything that was laid out a few weeks ago had been laid out six years ago. Very well known. Some of the things that I wish if I had led a perfect life would have happened differently, but it was all well known. On the issue of transparency, I can't think of a public figure that's had a more transparent life than I've had.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, how would you guarantee an open White House?

KEYES I think the most important thing is to be absolutely authentic about who you are, not to say things today that contradict what you were two years ago like, sadly, Governor Romney. Not to take a stand on the most important issue of principle that faces our nation today, the question of whether we are created equal, and endowed by our Creator, not the Constitution but our God, with our inalienable rights from the womb to the tomb, and not to abandon the heritage of the Republican party, as Rudy Giuliani would do and as I could not follow him in doing, so I would not support him if he were nominated. And finally, I think it would be important to do what I'm doing in my campaign. We have three phone calls every week. People from all over the country gather online to talk to me, to interact, state their views. We have technologies now that allow people directly to communicate to their leadership, and I would make good use of those technologies.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, would you like to respond?

LOSER I'm not sure.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR It's entirely up to you.

(Applause)

LOSER This audience and the whole nation has heard time and time again the fact that I was effectively pro choice when I ran for office. When I became Governor of Massachusetts, the first time a bill came to my desk, I simply could not side with taking a life. And I came on the side of life. Every bill that came to my desk, every issue that related to protecting the sanctity of life, I can down on the side of life. I'm pro-life, I'm not going to apologize for becoming pro-life. Ronald Reagan followed the same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush, and I'm proud to be pro-life.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, would you like to respond?

LOSER I think I've explained my position on abortion, which is that I oppose it, but I believe that ultimately the government should leave that decision to a woman and her conscience. I would like to see limitations on abortion. I've brought those about in New York City. We reduced abortions. We increased adoptions by 135%. But ultimately, it's a position that I thought out a long time ago. For me it's a position of conscience, and it's a position that, in spite of the fact that Alan wouldn't vote for me, I'm not going to change.

(Laughter)

(Applause)

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, you've expressed doubts that the recent report on Iran's nuclear capabilities is accurate. As president, how would you decide when to disagree with available intelligence, and then what would you do?

LOSER Well, that's probably the most important question that's been asked today. We have a real problem with our intelligence community. It, along with certain parts of our military, were neglected for a long, long time in this country, and we're paying the price for it now. The fact is nobody has any real confidence in the result that they're getting. The result you're talking about was directly contradicted by their strong beliefs just two years ago. So, you've got to rebuild from the bottom up. I think that in the meantime, we have to rely on other people. The British are helpful to us. The Israelis sometimes are helpful to us.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER In many respects, they have advancements that we don't have in terms of our intelligence capabilities, but the president cannot 

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- let a piece of paper by a bureaucrat determine  solely determine what his actions must be.

MODERATOR Thank you. We're going to have to move on. Let's watch the next videos.

LOSER If a person says, I'm a person of faith, but I don't let it influence me and I don't talk about it, what they've just told me is that their faith is so immaterial, insignificant, and inconsequential that it really isn't a faith at all. If it's a faith it will drive their judgment, it will drive their value system and, therefore, it'll help define them. It's ludicrous to say that I have faith but it doesn't impact me at all.

WINNER I think the hardest thing in this age of struggle against radical Islamic extremism is balancing the rights of everyone's privacy, plus our ability to combat this great evil of radical Islamic extremism. And that's why I think there has to be the participation of the courts, the legislature, the executive branch, and the American people to what measures we take.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you are distinguishing yourself from the other candidates by focusing on faith. You say your faith doesn't just influence you, that it defines you. A person who chooses you for president, then, would expect that to translate to public policy. So give me two examples you've not previously given, one in health care and one in education, where your faith would define change you want to see in policy?

LOSER The two overriding principles are you treat others as you wish to be treated. As it relates in health care, that means that we recognize that a person who is sick shouldn't be treated differently because they're in poverty than a person who has extraordinary wealth, that we have some sense of balance in how we approach that. That's the essence of what America is about. The second basic principle is that in as much as you've done it to the least of these, my brethren, you've done it unto me. As it relates to both health, education, or any policy, what it really m4eans is that you go back to what the founding fathers said. All of us are created equal, endowed by our Creator with those rights, life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

MODERATOR But two specific changes in policy.

LOSER Well, I think I just tried to give them to you, both in education that everyone has an opportunity  you give education and health care, that you don't have some that are more equal than others. So there has to be a sense in which you have opportunity, whether it's through choice in charter schools in the education field, you have a curriculum that touches every child, not just a few. And in health care, you don't have a health care system like Congress has that is incredibly almost platinum. But there are a lot of Americans who can't even go to the doctor and find out if they're critically ill or if they have a terminal disease.

MODERATOR Thank you. Governor Romney, as you look at the most pressing problems facing our country and the best opportunities to affect change in the next four years, do you think it's more important for the next president to be a fiscal conservative or a social conservative?

LOSER I think it's incredibly important he be a conservative. I'm going to build on the same foundation Ronald Reagan built. We're not going to get the White House nor strengthen America unless we can pull together the coalition of conservatives and conservative thought that has made us successful as a party. That's social conservatives. It's also economic conservatives, and foreign policy and defense conservatives. Those three together form the three legs of the Republican stool that allowed Ronald Reagan to get elected and allowed our party to have strength over the last several decades. And I'm going to continue to draw, as many on this stage try and do, upon those strengths and to build America by virtue of those conservative principles whether in health care, education, defense, spending, entitlement reform, you name it. Conservative principles work. They've been tested time and again, and they'll keep working.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman Hunter, same question?

HUNTER Repeat the question. I was lost in Governor Romney's explanation. I thought it was quite good though.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Do you think it's most important for the next president to be a fiscal conservative or a social conservative?

HUNTER I think they both go to the core of this country because you have to keep the economy running, you have to keep the wheels turning. And of course the heart of our country is this idea that human beings have value, that they are given these inalienable rights that have been described by my friends. So those are two very important things. But one thing that's extremely important that Governor Romney didn't touch on was this. We also, in being conservative, having a conservative leader, part of that means not sending technology to our adversaries. And that's going to be the big threat of this next 15-20 years. Governor Romney's corporation that he founded, the Bain Capital Corporation, has joined up 

MODERATOR Thank you.

HUNTER -- has joined us with a Chinese corporation to buy an American defense contract.

MODERATOR Thank you.

HUNTER I think that is a mistake. And that's a defense contractor that did business with Saddam Hussein and with the Taliban 

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

HUNTER So that, I think, is a very important part of conservative leadership. And thank you.

MODERATOR We're going to look at the last video.

LOSER I think we're better off by strictly following the Constitution as it existed and as it was brought forward, and if we think there's a need for a new right, then going to the people or their elected representatives to establish that right, rather than having judges from their own heart or their own mind establishing new rights and new laws. It's not for judges to legislate or to create a new Constitution. That's something that only the people and their elected representatives should be able to do.

MODERATOR There are two sides to your human component, you know? One is the God-filled side. One is the human side. And there are things that feed either side, you know? And whichever you feed the most becomes the dominant side. And so you have to kind of concentrate on feeding the food side, or else you will lose control over it.

LOSER The least we can do is look at our social policies and not just be concerned about the consuming of what's before us in the short view but what's best for the overall country, what's best for the future generations of the nation, and are we going to leave this place a better place than when we came into it. To me, that's real patriotism.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, your foreign policy positions on your campaign Web site consist of five sentences on Iraq. What assures Americans you're ready to lead our foreign policy?

MODERATOR Because of the issue, of course, as I mentioned earlier, is just a battle going on in Iraq. The major battle is, of course, this clash of civilizations. I believe that the whole idea and the whole debate can be narrowed to a relatively small areas on a Web site or any place else, and that is this we can not leave Iraq. We are committed there and will be for a long time. And I don't care who's elected president, that's the reality of the situation. We can, however, stop, in fact, being the police force in Iraq. And we are doing that. We are moving in exactly the direction that my Web site, the statement anticipates. What more do I have to say? We're getting it done.

MODERATOR Thank you. Congressman Paul, you call your campaign a revolution, and I think it's safe to say that your brand of change is one of the most sweeping proposed by any candidates of either party, but getting your agenda through Congress would likely require a revolution of an entirely different sort. So how would you adjust your plan in light of political reality in Washington?

LOSER Well, the secret is the term revolution. It wasn't my word, and it didn't come up on my Web page. It was coined by the supporters but, in a way, it is revolutionary to go back to the Constitution. We'd like to continue the old revolution. Believe me, freedom is unifying. We bring a lot of people together. People, then are free to choose what they would like to do with their lives, free to choose how they would spend their money. And all of a sudden we wouldn't be telling other countries how to live. This brings people together, and I think it's appealing to both left and right and middle. And our campaign really has that appeal so, therefore, we would bring the Congress together.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, your reputation as a maverick has put you at odds with your own party leadership from time to time. Give us an example of a time you wished you had to compromise to get something done instead of holding firms on your ideals.

WINNER I cannot think of a time and I hope I can never think of a time because I came to Washington because I had a set of principles and ideals. But at the same time I have more legislative achievements than anybody on this stage by far. I have joined together across the aisle on an umber of pieces of legislation, many of them very important. I'm proud of my legislative record of conserving my ideals and my conservative principles and getting things done in Washington. And I am proud of that, and I will continue to hold to those ideals. But I will reach across the aisle to the Democrats who I have worked with, who know me, and we know we can work together for the good of this country.

MODERATOR Thank you. We're going to talk about New Year's resolutions. You have 15 seconds. We're going to start with Mr. Keyes and go this way, please suggest a New Year's resolution for one of your opponents here today.

(Laughter)

KEYES I, frankly, think the most important New Year's resolution is the one I'd suggest to the American people resolve to return to your respect for the principle that makes us free, that we are all created equal and endowed by God with our inalienable rights.

MODERATOR Fifteen seconds, please. Senator McCain?

WINNER Let's raise the level of dialogue and discussion and debate in this campaign. Let's not accuse each other of a lack of patriotism or a lack of character. There are different views on differing issues. There are differences in experience. There are differences in experience.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

WINNER But I think we should all be respectful of one another, and the American people, I think, will benefit from it.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I'm going to be a lot more careful about everything I say, because I find it gets amplified to a new level.

MODERATOR This is a new resolution of an opponent.

LOSER Well, I would make it one of them too.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER Let's have a resolution amongst all of us that we'll have a spirited campaign as we have, but we'll come together, come together real soon when this is resolved, and we will fight to make sure that one of the people on this stage is the next President of the United States, not one of the people on that Democratic stage you've had more than once.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson?

LOSER Yeah, it'd be for myself, try to be a better man. Be strong, have faith, try to be a better husband and father.

MODERATOR Congressman?

MODERATOR Well, it all sounds good, but you asked what we would do  what somebody else we think should do in terms of a resolution. I have to say it because you're leading the pack, now, and congratulations to you, Governor, but I have to ask you  no, no, no, I'm pointing right over there 

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Okay 

MODERATOR Just a minute. Laughter does not count. I have to ask him a question 

MODERATOR I have to keep moving.

MODERATOR And the question is how are you going to convince America that you, in fact, changed your mind on the issue of immigration from when you were governor. That's all I want to know.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER My advice would be to reread the oath of office, take it seriously, obey the Constitution. We are well defended against all enemies foreign. We should be much more careful about defending against the enemies domestic.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER Yeah, to all my colleagues and, I think, to the American people, we've got lots of folks coming back from the Afghan and Iraqi theaters, lots of young people who need jobs. One thing we could do here just a couple of weeks before Christmas is buy American goods. If we buy American gods, we may save the job of our neighbor or provide a job for that young service person.

MODERATOR Mayor?

LOSER I would resolve to all of us to take a look at better America and realize how lucky we are, how fortunate we have, not to have this pessimistic feeling that some have abroad in this land. America has accomplished great things. We've faced crises like this before.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER We've always overcome them. A sense of optimism is the thing I would wish for.

MODERATOR Thank you. And we're out of time. You can find out more about this debate at pbs.org and at DesMoinesRegister.com. And tomorrow at 100 we'll have our debate with the Democratic presidential candidates. I want to thank all of the candidates for being here today as well as our broadcast partner, Iowa Public Television, our studio audience, and everyone at home and at work. Happy Holidays, everyone.


Tonight is the Republicans' night. For the first time, seven of the Republican candidates are going to participate tonight in a Spanish forum. This is the opportunity they have to speak directly to 44 million Hispanics, especially to (inaudible) potential Hispanic voters.

It's important because, as the presidential election of 2008 is going to be tight, the Hispanic vote could decide who will be the next president of the United States.

Things have changed so much in this country that no candidate (inaudible) can reach the White House without the Hispanic vote.

For you, for the ones of you that don't speak Spanish, Univision is going to be broadcasting this show in (inaudible) for English- speaking audience tonight you will be able to follow the Republican presidential forum (inaudible) in English provided in (inaudible).

And before we start, there are certain things that we want to explain tonight. Those are the basic rules.

MODERATOR All the candidates have accepted the rules of this presidential forum and these are the most important ones. The candidates will not make any opening statements nor will the make any closing statements. Instead, they will address all the questions asked by us, the moderators.

And we also asked them not to ask questions among themselves, and to only answer the questions that we're (inaudible). And maybe if that doesn't happen, we'll have to interrupt them.

Each candidate will have one minute to respond, and 30 seconds to rebuttals, only on a limited discretion of the moderators. A yellow light would advise the candidate that we have 15 seconds left and a red light indicates that their time is up.

All questions will be asked in Spanish and will be simultaneously translated into English for the candidates, who will answer in English. And they are limited to that tonight.

Seven of the eight Republican presidential candidates are here tonight. And, of course, their positions were determined by a previous drawing (inaudible) by their representatives of choice.

MODERATOR And we'll begin from left to right for the candidates. Let's welcome them.

Please say welcome to Mike Huckabee. He was elected two times as governor of Arkansas. He has a B.A. from Ouachita Baptist University. He attended the Southeast Baptist Theological Seminary from 1976 to 1980. He is married and has three children.



Fred Thompson, the senator for the United States from Tennessee since 1994 to 2003. He was also the assistant attorney general for one term. He obtained a law degree from Vanderbilt University (inaudible).

Thank you for coming.

Mitt Romney was the governor of Massachusetts between 2003 and 2007. He was also the executive director of the Winter Olympics that were in Salt Lake City.

MODERATOR He also (inaudible) university. He is married and has five children and 10 grandchildren.



Rudy Giuliani was Mayor of New York City for eight years. He also was an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District. He obtained a law degree from New York University. He is married and has three children.



Ron Paul is a Texas Representative. He has been elected six times. He practiced as an OB/GYN for almost 30 years. He obtained his medical degree at Duke University. He is married and has five children and 17 grandchildren.



John McCain is a Senator for the United States from Arizona since 1986. He also was a federal representative for four years for that same state. He has a bachelor's (inaudible) from the United States Military Academy.

Thank you for coming. He is married and has seven children and four grandchildren.



MODERATOR Well, we want to thank all the candidates that are participating in this forum.

Thank you so much for coming.

And, of course, on behalf of all the millions of Hispanics and Latin Americans who are watching us tonight, we want to thank you. And let's start with a question.

MODERATOR Precisely, we're going to start with one question for several of the candidates. The first one's for Mayor Giuliani. The first one is, President Bush obtained more than 40 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2004. I'm talking about Hispanic votes. But in the Congressional elections last year, only 30 percent of Hispanics voted Republican.

So the question is To what do you attribute the declining of support among Hispanics to Republicans?

LOSER That's the whole idea of being here, and it's the whole idea of reaching out to the entire country. I think I understand in great depth the importance of the Hispanic vote. I think it helped elect me mayor of New York City on two occasions.

And I realize the complexity and the diversity of the Hispanic community. It's very important. Very important to the present and the future of this country.

I approach the Hispanic community the same way I do all communities. I think if you want to be president of the United States, the purpose of being president of the United States is to create a better future, a brighter future, more safety, more prosperity, more jobs, better education.

These are the things that Hispanics are looking for in the next president of the United States. In short, they're looking for leadership and somebody who can handle, if we have to handle a crisis, and I think that I've demonstrated that.

MODERATOR The next question is for Governor Romney. The same thing Why has the Hispanic support for Republicans declined?

LOSER You know, I think Republicans went to Washington with the expectations of the whole world that we would change Washington. And in many respects, as has been said by many people, Washington changed Republicans. And when Republicans act like Democrats, America loses.

Republicans spent too much money, and we let down our ethical standards. And so, Hispanics, along with other people in this country, want to see change.

I (inaudible) the Republican Party can connect with Hispanic voters, like other Americans, because there are some peculiar connections between our party and the Hispanic people.

One, Hispanic Americans serve in the military and care about our military. We salute them for their service right now. And we'll strengthen the military. If I'm president, I'm going to add at least 100,000 troops to our military.

Secondly, Hispanic Americans are entrepreneurs and business people. And I know how to build our economy. I'm going to keep our taxes down and make sure that our economy grows and thrives.

LOSER And, third, Hispanic Americans are family-oriented and people of faith. I'm going to strengthen America's families. And so my platform, this Republican platform, connects with Spanish -- Hispanic Americans from across the country.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, how do you explain the decline of support to Republicans by Hispanics?

LOSER I think Hispanics want the same thing everybody wants. They want jobs. They want education. They want to know that they're going to be able to live with freedom. If the Republicans only got 30 percent of the vote, somehow we didn't do a very good job of communicating that that's what we would provide in terms of opportunity and fairness.

It says more about our party and our need to reach out thank it does about than it does about the Hispanic population of this country. If we're really serious about truly saying we want more than 30 percent of the vote, then as we look at issues like education we'll understand that while the dropout rate from high school is 30 percent among all populations, it's 50 percent among Hispanics.

LOSER We've got to change that by creating personalized education that focuses on perpetuating what's good for students, not just making what's good for the school.

There's also issues and disparities between diabetes and other issues of health.

So I think, if our policies reflect lifting people up, we'll get the vote.



MODERATOR Thank you very much.

Senator McCain, how do you explain that decrease in support for the Republicans?

WINNER First of all, could I mention that I've been proud to represent a state in the United States Senate that has a very large Hispanic population. It's a border state. I've been honored to have as much as 70 percent of the Hispanic vote when I was re-elected last time.

WINNER I've been honored by Hispanic organizations. And I understand these issues and the challenges that they face. And I'm proud to have developed the relationship that I have with the Hispanic community in my state and in this country.

I'll give you some straight talk. I think some of the rhetoric that many Hispanics hear about illegal immigration makes some of them believe that we are not in favor nor seek the support of Hispanic citizens in this country.



Hispanics are pro-small business, they are pro-life, they are pro-religion, they are pro-less regulation, pro-less spending, pro- military, they're serving in incredible numbers in Iraq as we speak today. I had the opportunity of visiting with many of them...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

WINNER ... over Thanksgiving. We can not only regain, but we can get a majority support of Hispanics in America for our party.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.



Senator Thompson, in a recent survey from Pew Hispanic Center, published this past week, only 23 percent of Hispanics favor the Republican Party.

MODERATOR What are you going to do -- what can you offer to recover the lost ground among Hispanics?

LOSER Well, I think that we do share a lot in this country, whether we're Hispanic or whether we are not Hispanic. I think we have some of the basic values. I think Republicans got away from those values.

You talked about Congress a minute ago. Congress' record rating with the American people is at an all-time low. It's not just in the Hispanic community. It's in the other communities that traditionally supported us. We were too often affiliated with matters of corruption in the United States Congress. We are spending the next generation's money, those yet to be born. We are spending their money, with no restraint.

We need to stand up for the values that we are supposed to believe in. We need to stand up for a strong national defense. We need to stand up for judges who will obey the law and follow the law, instead of making it up as it goes along, and we need to stand strong for issues of pro-life, and support traditional values that are important to our families. This is very important to Hispanics as well as non-Hispanics.



MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, I want to ask you the same question. How are you going to think (inaudible) you're going to recover the lost ground among Hispanics?

HUNTER Well, you know what? I understand.

HUNTER I talked to Donna Shalala, and she said actually a number of young people are going to register to vote tonight, and I want them to register for our party, for the Republican Party.

And I'll tell you a great reason to be a Republican. And it's a story that's told 90 miles away and 1,500 miles away, because 90 miles away, in 1961, the Cuban freedom fighters fought on the beach in Cuba against Castro's forces.

And a Democrat administration let their aircraft carrier sit there, while those freedom fighters were machine-gunned, because they felt there was too much pressure coming from the United Nations -- either machine-gunned or captured.

HUNTER Many years later, 1,500 miles away, in a little place called El Salvador, a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, provided that little shield around that government, while they stood up and had free elections and brought freedom to El Salvador.

It's a story of two parties. It's a story of the party of freedom. That's the Republican party. That's why I would register Republican and support our party this year.



MODERATOR Senator Paul, the same question The Republican Party lost some ground. Only 23 percent support their party. What are you going to do to recover the lost ground?

LOSER You know, if anybody votes for the Republican Party, they're voting for conservative values. They're voting for less government, not more government.

In the last seven years, we've gotten a lot more government.

You know, in the year 2000, we ran on a pro-peace policy. We were condemning Clinton for warmongering, for nation-building and policing the world.

And we did exactly the opposite.

LOSER Now we're mired down in the Middle East.

And Hispanics, like all Americans, are tired of it. They're pro- peace. America should be pro-peace, not pro-war.

The war has created so much expenditures. We're spending our money overseas instead of here. We're neglecting our needs here. We're bombing and building bridges overseas and we're neglecting our bridges here at home.

Hispanics, like everybody else, want change in our foreign policy. They want change with our budget. We're support to be the fiscal conservatives. We're not.

So they leave the party, just like everybody else. This is why we lost the election last year, is because we didn't stand by our principles of pro-peace and pro-liberty and pro-America.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, (inaudible) to be here and (inaudible). Do you think that you're taking a risk to come here to lose support from the more conservative base in your party?

LOSER I don't think so at all. I think Americans across the country of all ethnicities recognize that we are a great, pluralistic society. That statue you have on the screen behind us, that light that shine out for the entire world said, "This is an unusual land. This is a land that welcomes people of all backgrounds, of all ethnicities, of all nations; welcomes them here to this great land."



And she said that God gave to the individual certain inalienable rights. And that changed the relationship between the state and the citizen.

It said that the citizen was the sovereign and the state was not. And that changed the entire world. People came here for opportunity. And our party is a party of opportunity. We stand for strength in our home. We stand for strength in our economy. We stand for strength in our military, so we defend our values, and so of course Republicans are going to come and speak to Hispanic Americans in the language they understand best, so we can get their votes and they can understand that we are the party of strength and the party of freedom.

LOSER Thank you.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I heard you laughing when this question was asked. What's your answer?

LOSER Don't see any risk at all in coming before a Hispanic audience. Hispanic Americans are Americans, just as much as all other Americans. They have the same values, the same interests.

I learned that being mayor I think of the largest Hispanic city maybe not in the hemisphere, but in the United States, and a Hispanic city of great diversity and great strength. And what I learned is, we have very common values. Hispanics have a tremendous interest in giving more freedom back to people, giving more people -- giving people more of a chance to decide on the education of their child.

That's why I think school choice would be a very good thing to do for Hispanics, for Hispanic parents, for all parents. The decision on where the child goes to school should primarily be made by the parent, and the parent should decide what school the child goes to, not the government bureaucrat.

LOSER That's one of many, many things that really unites what Hispanics want and need and what all parents want and need, which is more control over their child's education. And that's something that I would fight very hard to bring about.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, is there a risk standing up here (inaudible)?

LOSER Well, I think the great risk is not so much that we would come. The far greater risk is if we didn't. And it's not just that we would offend or perhaps insult the Hispanic audience of this country. I think it would insult our own party. It would insult every voter in this country.

To act like that somehow we've become so arrogant that there's any segment of our population that we're either afraid to speak to, hear their questions, or somehow that we don't think that they're as important as another group. And it's why I think whether it's an African American audience, a Hispanic audience, a union audience, as Republicans, we ought to be more than willing to sit down, even with people with whom we might know there are disagreements.

And I think, frankly, it's important for us to be here. It's important that you gave us this opportunity. And I want to say thanks for letting us have this audience on Univision.



MODERATOR Tonight, your answers are being translated into Spanish, interpreted (inaudible). Thirty-one million people in the United States speak Spanish here. The census shows that. We're going to start with Senator McCain. Do you think that there would be a value -- a practical value of making English the official language in this country?

WINNER I think the most practical value is to make English used by all Americans and all citizens, and all who come here. The only way...



The only way we move up the economic ladder from the bottom rung is to know English. And I would emphasize the importance of every person who comes to this country to become a citizen and enjoy its liberties and beauty is to learn English. And I will do everything I can to help them do that.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul, what would be the practical value of English as an official language?

LOSER Well, it's practical because we can all understand each other. I sometimes think that those who attack bilingualism sometimes are jealous, and we feel inferior, because we're not capable.

But we should have one language.

But we, as federal officials, as a congressman or a president, we only have authority over the federal government. So I think all federal things should be in English.

But when it comes to bilingualism in schools or the states, under our Constitution, it really is permissible.

LOSER And the states can decide that. But under the conditions that we have today, I think it is good and proper to have one language, which would be English, for all legal matters at the national level. But this doesn't preclude bilingualism or whatever in private use or in education or in local government.



MODERATOR The next question comes from our users of the Web page of Univision that come; 85 percent of the questions posted by the users were regarding immigration.

Some of you -- that's a question for one user -- some of you oppose reform paving the way to granting undocumented aliens legal status. What do you think should be done with the 12 millions of undocumented aliens that live in the United States?

We're going to start with Mayor Giuliani.

LOSER The first thing that has to be done is we have to end illegal immigration. If we don't end illegal immigration, we're really going to risk legal immigration. We should end illegal immigration at the border, because it can't be really dealt with internally.

We should do it by having a fence, a technological fence, as well as a physical fence, but the technological fence is more important. It should be used to alert the Border Patrol of the people coming to the border, and we should stop people from coming in.

Then we should have a tamper-proof ID card that everybody can get who wants to come into the United States legally. We should accomplish that.

When we accomplish that, when we have control of our borders, when we preserve the legality of immigration, we can then turn to the people that are here. We can have them get the tamper-proof ID card. The people that come forward can sign up. They can pay taxes, and then the people who don't are the people who are really the cause of concern. Those people should be expelled from the United States if they don't already leave.

LOSER But the people who want to come forward should be allowed to come forward. But we can't do that until we control legal immigration. Otherwise the illegal problem will increase dramatically.

And I think that's something that we've all learned by traveling around the country over the last year, two years, and looking at this.

So you have to end illegal immigration, or certainly get substantial control over it, and then you can move forward with sensible resolutions to the people that are here.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, what to do with the 12 million of undocumented that already live in the United States?

LOSER Well, I agree with the mayor that the first step is a secure border, because otherwise nothing really matters.

But I do think the pathway has to include people going to the back, not the front of the line. There can't be an amnesty policy, because that's an insult to all the people who waited, sometimes, ridiculously, for years, just to be able to make the transition here.

I think a reasonable window of time in which a person would go back to the native country, start the process, but the real challenge is that our government, which has failed miserably in all of this -- it's got to get its act together.

LOSER If you can get an American Express card in two weeks, it shouldn't take seven years to get a work permit to come to this country in order to work on a farm.



So if our government is incapable of making that process in that length of time, then we should do it in a way to outsource it.

And here's why When people come to this country, they shouldn't fear. They shouldn't live in hiding. They ought to have their heads up, because the one thing about being an American is, we believe every person ought to have his or her head up and proud, and nobody should have to be in hiding because they're illegal when our government ought to make it so that people can reasonably come here in a legal fashion.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Thompson, we were preparing this forum, and we found a survey from Los Angeles Times that said that 60 percent of the voters in the United States think that -- they are in favor of granting legal status to undocumented aliens if they meet certain criteria.

Why, if the majority supports that, why not support that idea?

LOSER Because we have to enforce our borders, and we have to uphold the law. There are millions of people who have stood in line in embassies around the world, United States embassies, waiting to become American citizens, waiting to become legal residents of the United States of America.

Some places, such as Hong Kong, I read it takes an average of 13 years to go through that process.

The legal process needs to be reformed, indeed.

But when they finally come here, and when they are joined by those people in Latin America who have often fought tyranny, who have fought against the Castro regime, who have come here and risked their lives to become United States citizens, when all those people come here, they become a part of us; they become a part of our family.

LOSER It would disrespect them if we said other people who had not obeyed the law and had not gone through the process, to set them above them and to give them special status above those who have obeyed the law and fought so hard to become good American citizens and legal residents.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, the question is Why not legalize some undocumented aliens if they comply with the requirements, if they meet certain requirements?

LOSER You know, I have the occasion to talk to people who have loved ones that are hoping to come to this country, to be reunited with family members. And they're staying in their home countries applying legally. I believe that those people ought to be the first ones to get to come to this country. Those who have come illegally, in my view, should be given the opportunity to get in line with everybody else, but there should be no special pathway for those that have come here illegally to jump ahead of the line or to be come permanent residents or citizens. They should be treated like everybody else who wants to come to this country.

LOSER I think we ought to secure our border, we ought to have an employment verification system to know who's here legally and illegally, and recognize that legal immigration is an extraordinary source of great capability and vitality for our country. We welcome the cultures that come here, the education, the work ethic, the family values. We're going to protect legal immigration. At the same time, we're going to enforce the law, show that we're a nation of laws, and welcome the people who have been standing in line first.

Thank you.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, why not support the legalization?

HUNTER Did you ask the same question?

MODERATOR OK, why you're not support that idea?

HUNTER Listen, when I was -- when I came back from Vietnam, I was a practicing lawyer in the barrio. I was the only lawyer there, and I never turned away a family that came in and needed help.

But I told them a couple of things. One thing is, you have to be here legally, because the first thing you've got to learn in this country is the rule of law. And the second thing is, you have to make sure that your kids learn English, because that is the American opportunity.

Now, in 1983, we gave an amnesty, and when we gave that amnesty, 3 million people came in who were allowed to stay in who were here illegally. We said at that point, no more, and we're not going to let anybody else come in.

HUNTER After that, 12 million more people came in. If we give an amnesty to this next batch of 12 million people, you will have a third wave of people coming in expecting to catch the third amnesty.

You know, this lady behind me represents a lot of things. One is welcoming immigrants to America. The other is the rule of law. We have to establish the rule of law, and people who are here illegally have to go home.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, you co-authored a bill that would have opened a pathway for legalization of undocumented aliens. It was not approved. It was not passed in Congress. So do you think that you're going to introduce a new bill including a pathway to gain legal status?

WINNER I would do most anything to try to solve this compelling problem.

WINNER I come from a state where illegal immigration has caused enormous problems, whether it be shootouts on the freeway or broken borders or destroyed wildlife refuges.

And I thought my job, and I believe my job, as a senator from a state on the border, is to get in the arena, not stand by and complain or say no to everything, but get in the arena.

I learned that Americans want the border secured first. That's what we will do.

But I'll say to you what I said at the last debate before a non- Hispanic audience. And that is, we have to address this issue with compassion and love, because these are human beings.

Of course, no one goes ahead of the line. Of course no one who has broken our laws can be rewarded to do so. Of course there can't be amnesty.

But I want to tell you, brave Hispanics have served this country around the world.

WINNER They have served in the Vietnam War. And I'll take you down to the Vietnam War Memorial, and show you the names engraved in black granite.

I will take you to Iraq today and, as I was over Thanksgiving, and introduce you to brave young Hispanics who are serving our country. Some of them, their parents came here illegally.

We cannot reward illegal behavior. We have to fix the borders. We cannot allow this nation to be inhumane or without love and compassion.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Thank you.



Governor Romney, some days ago you fired a company that used to take care of your landscaping because supposedly they were hiring undocumented workers.

The question is this, did you report, officially, that the people or the company to immigration authorities? And do you think that should others report undocumented aliens, the people that you suspect are undocumented?

LOSER You know, we're a very compassionate people. We're also a people who follow the law. And the landscaper at my home is an old friend, and when he made a mistake the first time, I told him in no uncertain terms, you have to make sure that anybody that works on my property and walks on my property is a legal individual.

And he did his best, but he made a mistake. And apparently, two people he had there were not legal. And I told him that's it, and we terminated that relationship. And I think everybody in the country understands who those folks are. It became a big news story.

But let's underscore something here, which is that employers like this landscape company, and he's Hispanic American, he doesn't have a way to determine whether the people he's hiring are legal or illegal. Isn't it amazing in this country, with the fact that American Express or Visa or Mastercard can tell you that fast whether the card is authorized or not.

We don't know who's here legally or not. That's why we need an employment verification system to identify the fact that legal aliens that come here are legal, are entitled to work. And that's something I'm going to get done so our employers know who's here legally and we welcome people who want to come work in this country.

Thank you.



MODERATOR Senator Thompson, there are still millions of children that were born here in the United States that at least have one undocumented parent. The (inaudible) have separated them from the parents, and they are American citizens.

Do these children have the right not to be separated from their parents?



LOSER Well, congratulations. That's the first question that's got applause tonight, so it must be a very good one.



The -- our courts have ruled that such children, such babies born here are United States citizens. That's part of the 14th Amendment as has been interpreted by the courts, as I understand it.

LOSER That's for starters.

I believe that the concentration should not be on the concern of waiting until that child grows up and serves as an anchor baby, as we hear so much talk about. I believe the concern should be chain migration. Right now, we have a situation where people can bring in spouses, children, brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers and so forth. I think that people should be able to serve as a basis for the bringing in of their spouses and of their children, but I do not think there should be endless chain migration.

So I think that is the issue to focus on, and not innocent children who are born here not of their own accord and who our courts have said our United States citizens.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, the same question.

MODERATOR The American children, do they have the right not to be separated from their parents because of (inaudible)?

WINNER When we failed to pass immigration reform through the Congress of the United States it was a colossal failure. And, as a result of that, we have all kinds of different problems -- the problem you talk about, people who have been here for many years, people who have not been here a very long time.

We have cities and towns and others declaring sanctuaries; others the opposite.

And because of our failure at the federal level, we have had this incredible problems which are spawned by it, because we failed.

The message of our failure is they want the border secured first. And we must secure the borders first, and then we move on to all of these other issues which many of them are heart wrenching and humanitarian. Very tough decisions.

But once we secure the borders, I'm convinced the American people will proceed with issues like this in a humanitarian and compassionate fashion.

WINNER But until we get the borders secured, the lesson we learned was that they aren't ready to address almost any other aspect of this issue. And I regret that.

But, as president of the United States, I will secure the borders...

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER ... have the governors certify it, and then we'll move forward with all of these issues.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, we would like to know -- see what your opinion -- what's going to happen to the children who are being separated from their families?

LOSER We're going to finally have a system that welcomes people here legally, and that says that those that have come here illegally are invited to get in line with everybody else.

And the Constitution, as Senator Thompson has indicated, indicates that those that are born here do become United States citizens by virtue of being born here.

But if they're born here from parents who come across the border illegally and bring them here illegally, in my view, we should not adopt, then, these chain migration policies that say, you've got a child here that's a U.S. citizen, and the whole family can come in.

LOSER That, in my opinion, is a mistake.

We are a nation of laws. And you're correctly going through each part of immigration policy here. But let's underscore this one more time We are, in this audience, almost every person here, an individual who came to this country because it's a land of opportunity and liberty.

We also, because we have laws, can have opportunity and liberty. We're going to enforce the laws. Welcoming people here -- we're not going to cut off immigration; we're going to keep immigration alive and thriving.

But we're going to end the practice of illegal immigration. It's not inhumane. It's humanitarian. It's compassionate. We're going to end illegal immigration to protect legal immigration.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Thank you.



MODERATOR The vast majority of Hispanics, four out of five, are either legal residents or American citizens. Many of them feel affected by the negative tone of the immigration debate. How would you -- what would you do to curb this anti-Hispanic sentiment?

MODERATOR First of all, Congressman Hunter...

HUNTER You know, I represent a district in San Diego, California and Imperial County, California, and that county for many, many years is a majority Hispanic and two-to-one Democrat. And I'm known as the guy who built the double-border fence that lowered the crime rate so dramatically, that stopped all the drug trucks from coming through, that stopped the smuggling of people and narcotics by more than 90 percent.

You know what you do? You look people in the eye and you talk to them frankly.

I would say this I got more votes from the Hispanic community -- known as the guy who built the border fence -- from the Hispanic community, than anybody running for office, whether it was President Clinton on a presidential year, or one of the local or the state assemblyman or U.S. Senators.

That means that the Hispanic community in the United States does not agree with the idea of having open borders. They do agree with the idea of having order on the border and having a regulated system where this lady of freedom standing behind me, the Statue of Liberty, says Come in, but follow the rules.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, how would you stop that anti-Hispanic sentiment that affects legal residents in American (inaudible)?

LOSER Well, I think the entire group of questions and answers indicates the fact that this is a situation in which none of us have been perfect, all of us have been struggling with this for quite some time. And the reason is we really haven't followed the advice of a great man, Father Hesburgh, who said, "We must close the back door of illegal immigration in order to preserve the front door of legal immigration."

And the question is not what mistakes were made in the past by any of us.

The real question is Who can fix it? How can we fix this?

And the way we fix it by ending illegal immigration, setting up a new rule -- this is not a harsh rule, this isn't a cruel rule, it isn't a difficult one -- if you want to come into the United States, you have to identify yourself. After all, every other country, just about, requires you to identify yourself when you come in.

We'll make it impossible through technology, through a BorderStat system, through all the things we have to do, make it impossible to come in illegally, so people don't hurt themselves as well as hurt us. It's no picnic to be living as an illegal immigrant. It's a terrible way to live.

LOSER And even promoting that from the point of view of the illegal immigrant makes no sense.

So we've got end illegal immigration at the border, which is the only place you can end it. And then we have to set up a sensible, secure system of coming in with a tamper-proof ID card...

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

LOSER ... and allow people to do that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.



Governor Huckabee, how can we curb that anti-Hispanic sentiment?

LOSER Well, I was governor of the state that is the second- fastest growing state for Hispanics in the country, and we faced that.

Quite frankly, when we fix the situation and make the border secure and people are here legally, a lot of the sentiment goes away.

LOSER And I think we forget sometimes that it's not just that it's the people feeling that the illegals are coming in such great numbers that we can't deal with it. But it's a terrible thing when a person who is here legally, but who may speak with an accent, is racially profiled by members of the public, and people assume that they may be illegal.

It is in everybody's best interest -- it is in most of all the best interest of the legal immigrants -- that we fix this problem, so nobody questions the legitimacy of their being here, which often happens, unfairly, unnecessarily and, frankly, in a completely un- American manner.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Representative Paul?

LOSER On a negative tone -- well, one thing is, if we want to prevent more negative tone, we won't be working on a tamper-proof ID.

LOSER Because how can you have a tamper...



How can you have a tamper-proof ID for illegals or immigrants, without doing it to everybody else?

That's going to lead to a national ID card, which I absolutely oppose.



But we have to realize where the resentment comes from. I believe it's related to our economy. When the economy is weakening and there's resentment because of our welfare system; jobs are going overseas; our good jobs -- pay is going down.

There's a lot of resentments because the welfare system is based on mandates from the federal government to put pressure on states like Florida and Texas to provide services which the local taxpayers resent.

Some of our hospitals are closing. So it's an economic issue, too.

If we deal with the welfare state and a healthy economy and a sound -- money and all this wasteful spending overseas, we would have a healthy economy; I think this problem would be greatly reduced.



MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. Thank you.

We're going to have a break and we'll be right back with other important issues in this Republican forum.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR It's the presidential forum, the Republican one. We're going to talk about something else. Now we're going to talk about Latin America. A week ago, exactly a week ago, Venezuela rejected changes to the constitution, but the president, Hugo Chavez...



President Hugo Chavez has insisted that he's going to propose them again. Many consider him a threat to democracy in the region. If you were elected president, how would you deal with Chavez? Let's start with Congressman John Paul -- Ron Paul, sorry.

LOSER Well, he's not the easiest person to deal with, but we should deal with everybody around the world the same way with friendship and opportunity to talk and try to trade with people.

(AUDIENCE BOOING)

LOSER We talked to -- we talked to Stalin, we talked to Khrushchev, we've talked to Mao, and we've talked to the world, and we get along with people.

LOSER Actually, I believe we're at a time where we even ought to talk to Cuba and trade and travel to Cuba.

(AUDIENCE BOOING)



But let me -- let me tell you -- let me tell you why -- let me tell you why we have a problem in South America and Central America because we've been involved in their internal affairs for so long. We have been meddling in their business.



We create the Chavezes of the world, we create the Castros of the world by interfering and creating chaos in their countries, and they respond by throwing out their leader.

(AUDIENCE BOOING)



MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Governor Huckabee, the same thing How would you deal with President Chavez? He was elected democratically.

LOSER Well, Hugo Chavez is hardly the friend of the United States. And even though we get 60 percent of their oil, I think it's one of the major reasons we need to become increasingly oil-free and energy-independent so that we don't have to worry about Mr. Chavez.



LOSER But there's a greater issue here, and it's the fact that the people of Venezuela aren't Hugo Chavez and Hugo Chavez is not necessarily the spirit of the people of Venezuela.



Even though he was elected, he was not elected to be a dictator as he has become, suspending constitutional law.

My mother used to have a statement If you give somebody enough rope, they'll hang themselves. I have a feeling that Mr. Chavez, continuing to take power from the people as he has done, will find himself unfortunately out of power, and hopefully for all of us, fortunately a democratically elected government there that will give those people back the freedom that he has robbed from them and hopefully by then we won't need their oil, but they will have their freedom.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Mayor Giuliani, the same question.

LOSER I actually agree with the way King Juan Carlos spoke to Chavez.



That would be the way I would do it.



Far better than what Congressman Paul wants to do.

But the reality is that Chavez is acting...

(AUDIENCE BOOING)

LOSER Chavez is acting like a dictator. And he should be treated that way.

Luckily, he lost the vote recently. It shows the great hope that Governor Huckabee is talking about, that there's a hope that the people of his country understand the need for free markets, understand the need for freedom, real free elections.

There's a counter-movement going on in Latin America. You can see it in Colombia. You can see it in Panama. You can see it in Mexico. I think President Calderon was elected -- not that I'm an expert on Mexican politics -- but I think Chavez had something to do with that.

LOSER I think the people in Mexico were sending a signal, that's not the direction they want to go in. They don't want to go in the direction that Castro wanted to take Latin America. They don't want to go toward socialism and communism. They want to go to free markets, they want to go to freedom. I think it's the essential nature of the people of Latin America, and I think Chavez is going in actually the opposite direction, kind of a repeat of what Castro tried to do, and it's a disgrace, and we should stand against it.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Mayor.



When talking about Cuba, Cuban dictatorship has survived nine

U.S. presidents. What would you do differently, that has not been done so far, to bring democracy to Cuba? We're going to start with Senator Thompson.

LOSER I'm going to make sure that he didn't survive 10 U.S. presidents.



Castro is unique in many respects.

LOSER He represents the only non-democratic, at least, elected government in the hemisphere. He is uniquely brutal. He is still tyrannizing his own people.

He lures the vulnerable and the naive Americans down there and puts on shows for them and they come back and do his propaganda. There are not many people who can pull that sort of thing off.

He's obviously in bad health. That situation, probably, is in God's hands. He will probably be succeeded by someone who's no better than him, and that is Raul.

And we should treat Raul with the same contempt that we show Castro, including keeping the embargo on Cuba.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, what would you do differently that has not been done so far?

LOSER Well, first of all, you've got to think about who Castro is, and who Raul Castro is as well.

LOSER We call them strongmen -- dictators, authorative totalitarian leaders. And yet these are individuals who are not strong. Look at what they have done? Brothers to the rescue. They shoot a small aircraft out of the sky. People wearing a wristband that says "change," are arrested -- 25 of them just for wearing a wristband; a Catholic church is edited and people are terrified because a priest is just speaking his sermon.

These people, these Castro brothers are cowards, and we have to recognize they are cowards.



And for that reason, the course for America is to continue our isolation of Cuba. It is not to say, as Barack Obama on the Democratic side said, that he would dignify the Castros with a personal visit to Cuba. That's not the way to go. Instead, it's to bring our friends together to isolate Cuba, to put together a strategy that helps all of Latin America, weakens Hugo Chavez who is propping up Castro.

LOSER We need a Latin American policy that frees Cuba and that eliminates a threat of people like Hugo Chavez.



MODERATOR Thank you. Governor?

MODERATOR Senator McCain, the same question. What would you do differently?

WINNER First of all, could I again congratulate the people of Venezuela for rejecting this dictator's attempt to become a president for life? And I also would like to echo the words of Prince Juan Carlos, "Por que no te callas?" "Why don't you shut up?"

I'm pleased to have the support of Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Mario and Lincoln Diaz-Balart, who advise me and know these issues, and Mel Martinez, every day. My friends, tonight our thoughts and prayers go out to Dr. Bucet (ph), who fights for freedom, who is now in prison, because Dr. Bucet (ph) resisted and fought against a state-controlled and state-mandated abortion.

WINNER God bless him and those students who wore this bracelet called Cambio, who are now under arrest today.



Of course we need to keep our embargo up. Of course we cannot allow economic aid to flow to Cuba. And if I were president of the United States, I would order an investigation of the shoot-down of those brave Cubans who were killed under the orders of Raul and Fidel Castro, and, if necessary, indict them.



Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Thank you.

The next question, of course, if regarding Iraq.

Congressman Hunter, surveys show that two out of three Hispanics think that the United States should withdraw its troops from Iraq. How would you convince them of the fact that they should stay there -- the troops should stay there?

HUNTER Well, you know, there's lots of Hispanic Americans serving in Iraq.

HUNTER And my son came back from his third tour as a U.S. Marine on Thanksgiving, having served in Iraq twice and Afghanistan.



And, you know, if you check with the Hispanics of the 1st Marine Division or the 10th Army Division of the 1st Cavalry, you'll get a lot different poll than the poll that you're telling me right now, because the young men and women who are serving over there know we can win in Iraq.



And let me tell you what they've done. With blood, sweat and tears they have brought down the attack rate in Anbar province by 80 percent. They brought it down over the entire nation.

The Iraqi army is now standing up, all 131 battalions. That government's going to hold and the army's going to hold, and we are going to leave Iraq in victory, and we're going to leave an Iraq that will be a friend, not an enemy of the United States.



So we're going to be victorious in Iraq, and Hispanic Americans who serve there know that.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, how to convince Hispanics that the troops should stay in Iraq?

LOSER Well, I think Hispanics -- all Americans -- should look at what's the strategic goal that's a victory for America. The strategic goal in Iraq has to be an Iraq that's stable and an Iraq that will act as an ally for us in the Islamic terrorist war against us.

The opposite -- fleeing Iraq, running out of Iraq, giving into the kind of frustrations that the Democrats are portraying, having a declaration of loss in Iraq, will only help the Islamic terrorists and will hurt us. And I think we should give our troops a chance to succeed in Iraq.

How about our goal in Iraq is victory, winning, being successful there, and being successful to the extent of having a stable government and a government that will act as an ally for us?

Every indication that we get from the men and women in the field and from their commanders is that we have a chance to achieve that. It's not guaranteed.

LOSER Things and matters of war and peace are never guaranteed. But why not give them a chance to have this kind of success?

After all, it will make us all safer, Republicans, Democrats, Hispanics, non-Hispanics. This is what's good for America. And that's what we should be for.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, why should the troops be kept there?

WINNER Because we are succeeding. And years ago, when the Rumsfeld strategy was failing, I was the only one on this stage that said it has to change.



I was the only one on this stage that said we have to pursue a new strategy...



... that Senator Edwards and others used to call the McCain strategy and the McCain surge. They don't do that anymore.

And it was tough in those days, when I said that Rumsfeld had to go, and I had no confidence in him. And I was accused of disloyalty.

Republicans went to Iraq and blamed it on the media. It wasn't the media. We had a failed strategy. Now we have a successful strategy. We can succeed. We will succeed.

And I often like to tell my friends of the time, last Fourth of July, when I saw 128 brave Americans, most of them Hispanic, who had a green card, who raised their hands to become citizens of the United States.

WINNER Two weren't there because they'd been killed in combat the week before. I was never (sic) proud of our Hispanic citizens who were willing to lay down their live to become citizens of this country. They will succeed and I will honor their memory.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, why not withdraw the troops from Iraq?

LOSER Because we are winning, as Senator McCain just said. Civilians deaths are down 76 percent since the surge. Even the military deaths are down over 60 percent. And that's not the only way we know we're winning. We're winning because we see in the spirit of our own soldiers a sense of duty and honor that they are being able to carry out a mission that they were sent there to do. To take them out of it not only means we lose, but it means we totally destroy their sense of morale, and it may take a generation to get it back.

LOSER But there's more at stake than just their morale. It's the safety and the security of the Middle East and the rest of the world.

This isn't an issue that's about Hispanics or anybody else in terms of ethnicity. This is about every one of us being able to be free, to have a future, and to be able to know that we're not going to allow a vacuum there, which happens if we lose -- and we lose when we walk away -- to create an opening so that terrorists can build even greater cells of training and empowerment there.

That's why we have to stay. And it's why we have to win.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, for how long would we need to leave our troops in Iraq?

LOSER Let's talk about our mission there. This is not just about strategy and allies. It's not about oil. It's not about just the economy. It's not just about standing up for the fact that we've been there for a long time.

It's about human lives.

LOSER What we're doing in Iraq relates to protecting the lives of American citizens, here, around the world. It relates to lives throughout the world. It relates to dignity and freedom.

We're in Iraq because we want to make sure that Iraq does not become what Afghanistan was. What Afghanistan was under the Taliban was a place that they could recruit and train and launch attacks against us on 9/11, and other attacks throughout the world.

The Khobar Towers, our embassies in Africa, the USS Cole -- they were launching attacks. The last thing America could stand for, the last thing we could do with the human lives that are so precious, would be to have Iraq become an Afghanistan. Fortunately, the surge is working. It's going to keep that from happening. We're going to have stability and security there and American lives will be saved by virtue of the extraordinary sacrifice of American servicemen.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Thompson, for how long?

LOSER The central point needs to be made, and all my colleagues are I think implying it, but I think it needs to be set out in a straightforward manner.

LOSER We have yet to fully come to terms with the fact that Iraq and Afghanistan are part of a global conflict, a war by Islamic fascism that's been declared upon us, of which Iraq and Afghanistan are current fronts.

They are intent on bringing down Western civilization, and we're the number one target. It's just that simple.

If we leave Iraq with our tail between our legs, we are going to enhance their ability to recruit young people who, they too, can help bring down parts of America and maybe America itself.

We will leave an opening for Iran, as it, I still believe, continues to pursue a nuclear capability.

And it will provide a sanctuary for terrorists that does not exist anywhere in the world today.

All of this would make for a much more dangerous United States of America. That's why we must prevail.

And I agree with my colleagues. I believe that we are.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Congressman Paul, you have a different point of view among all of them, don't you?

LOSER I do.



I definitely have a different point of view, because we weren't justified in going over there. We did not declare the war. And I would say to the Hispanics that believe we ought to come home, I would say Let's come home as soon as possible.



You might ask the question, why is it that I have a different view point on foreign policy. Because I adhere to the Constitution and the advice of the founders to stay out of the entangling alliances, the internal affairs of other nations.

Why is it then that I get the most money as a candidate for the presidency from active military personnel? They're tired of it too.



We already have a de facto draft. These men who have fought valiantly are called up time and time again. Their services are extended from 12 months to 15 months. They've been over there two and three times, and they don't see an end in sight.

LOSER This whole idea, we're going through the same argument, the light at the end of the tunnel. We did this in the '60s when I was in the service. And we finally left Vietnam, tragically.

But we do much better in peace with Vietnam. We trade with them. They have become Westernized.

What we achieved in peace we couldn't achieve in war.



MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. Thank you.

Well, we want to talk about other topics. And we're going to talk about health.

And we're going to talk with you, Senator McCain. We have a lot of questions. We have hundreds of them. One of them says, "I'm not asking for free health insurance, but I'm looking for an affordable health insurance."

That's the question What would you do to curb the high cost of medical health care and to help those who don't have health insurance?

WINNER Well, first of all, I'm glad you asked that question of the hundreds, because that's the real question.

WINNER The real question is How are we going to keep health care costs down, because we have the highest quality of health care in the world in America today?

And unlike the Democrats, I'm going to preserve that quality of health care, and at the same time stop the inflation and the skyrocketing costs of health care. And there's a couple of principles. One is to make the recipient of the health insurance to be much more responsible in health-care costs and how they allocate and how they choose their insurance policies.

To address wellness and fitness, which is a key element of any way we're really going to reduce health-care costs in America. To give every American family a $5,000 refundable tax credit so they can go anyplace in the world -- in America to acquire the health insurance policy that best suits their needs.

WINNER And, if they've got money left over, then invest it in a health savings account.

Ronald Reagan said nobody ever washed a rental car. And that's true in health insurance. If they're responsible for it, then they will take more care of it. And we should have wellness and fitness as...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

WINNER ... emphasized all over America today, particularly amongst young people.

MODERATOR Thank you.



Mayor Giuliani, how can we curb the high cost and also offer insurance to the people who don't have it?

LOSER The very best way to do it -- and Senator McCain is on the right track, but it has to be more -- more of an incentive for people to buy their own health insurance.

We only have 17 million Americans who buy their own health insurance. If we had 50 million or 60 million Americans who were, the cost of health insurance would probably be cut in half or more than half, and a lot of people could afford it, the way this person is asking us, how can you do it.

So, you give people a $15,000 for a family tax deduction, tax exemption, to buy their own health insurance. You encourage them to do it. You also give them a health savings account to up to $5,000 or $6,000, so that they can then look for deductibles in insurance.

LOSER And it brings down the cost of insurance. That's one of the primary ways to do it. And then you break down the barriers where people can only buy in one state and you let them buy in any state, so that we can set up a real competition.

The thing that works in America is not socialized medicine that the Democrats want to bring us, not government control, not mandates, but a large consumer market where you empower people to enter that market is the only way to bring down costs and to bring up quality.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you know the numbers 47 million people don't have health insurance, including 15 million Hispanic. What can be done to provide coverage for those people?

LOSER Of those 47 million, one-third don't have it because they are self-insured. Another one-third don't have it because they think they're healthy and invincible. There is one-third that don't have it because they can't afford it. And then there are a lot of people who have insurance, but they're underinsured.

But let me tell you, the biggest problem we have in this country is not a health care crisis, it is a health crisis. We spend $2 trillion a year on health care, and 80 percent of it goes to chronic disease, which means that what we really have to begin dealing with is turning the system right side up, because it is upside down focused on waiting until people are catastrophically ill, and then we try to rush in with the most expensive modalities possible.

LOSER What we need to be doing is putting the real focus on preventing the illness in the first place. It's the difference between either putting an ambulance at the bottom of the hill or building a fence at the top.

We can afford universal coverage, but not until and not even close until we first have health, rather than just focus on health coverage.

Let me say the last thing we need to do is to believe that Michael Moore's idea is good and we can all go to Cuba and get health care. I don't mind shipping him down there, but the rest of us I'd like to get our care here.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, what should we do with all the millions of people who are not insured?

LOSER Well, I think I'm probably the only person on the stage and the only governor that actually stopped talking about getting health care for everybody and actually got the job done.

Working with people across the aisle, we said Enough is enough.



You know, we're up here talking about all sort of ideas about tax credits and deductions, and my program has a deduction as well. We talk about prevention and people being health.

But, look, the best kind of prevention you can have in health care is to have a doctor. And if someone doesn't have a doctor, doesn't have a clinic they can go to, doesn't have health insurance to be able to provide the prescription drugs they need, you can't be healthy. And you need to have health insurance for all of our citizens.

And I found a way to do that without requiring raising taxes, without a government mandate, without a government takeover. Instead, I didn't want to have a -- when I said government mandate, I meant employer mandate. Instead, we have personal responsibility. We allowed individuals to buy their own policies.

LOSER Those that couldn't afford them, we helped them buy their policies. And you know what? It cost us no more money to help people buy insurance policies that they could afford than it was costing us before, handing out free care.

We Republicans can get everybody insured. Let's get it done.



MODERATOR Senator Thompson, what to do with the 15 million Hispanics who don't have insurance?

LOSER The lower health care costs are, the more people will be insured. There's really two basic ways to lower health care costs bigger government or more efficient markets.

Government could come in and say what it's going to cost everybody. And then we'd have long lines and waiting, wondering why we can't get radiation for a family member that has cancer and have to wait for months for it, and that sort of thing.

We totally, I think, all reject that.

I say, let's make our markets more efficient. We made a mistake in our tax code many years ago. We need to reverse that mistake so people are not so tied to their employment for their insurance.

They need, through the tax code, need to have the benefit of buying their own insurance through an open market with more sources, more people offering insurance, lifting regulations to make that happen.

LOSER It would be portable so people could take their insurance with them from job to job.

As we know, people through a lifetime nowadays, have more jobs than they used to. I think that the markets have worked so often for us in so many different ways in this society. Free people competing with each other in free and open markets bring down costs. That's the way to get there.



MODERATOR Thank you very much.

We're going to have another break, and we're going to continue with this Republican forum in a minute.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR We'll continue live in Univision with this presidential forum. And we're going to talk about something else. We're going to talk about education.

A recent survey done for La Raza National Council show that nine out of 10 Hispanic voters think that improved public education should be a priority for the next president of the United States.

Let's start with Senator Thompson. What should we do to improve the public schools so our children will be educated in this country from coast to coast?

LOSER First of all, I think we need to recognize where the responsibility lies. It would be easy enough for someone running for president to say I have a several-point plan to fix our education problem. It's not going to happen. And it shouldn't happen from the Oval Office.

We spend about 9 percent of education dollars now at the federal level. The responsibility historically and properly is at the state and local level.

I think, however, we can do things that would support choice, do things that would support vouchers, do things that would support homeschooling, and recognize that we need to speak the truth.

LOSER One of the advantages of being in the Oval Office is having a bully pulpit. And the fact of the matter is, if families would stay together, if fathers would raise their children, especially young men when they get into troublesome ages, we would solve a good part of the education problem in this country.



MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator McCain, how can we improve the quality of public schools in this country?

WINNER Choice and competition is the key to success in education in America. That means charter schools, that means home schooling, it means vouchers, it means rewarding good teachers and finding bad teachers another line of work. It means...



It means rewarding good performing schools, and it really means in some cases putting bad performing schools out of business.

About three or four weeks ago, I went to a wonderful, wonderful school in the lower-income part of Philadelphia.

WINNER It's run by a Hispanic organization called Esperanza. Esperanza has set up a charter school. The kids wear uniforms. It's 98 percent Hispanic and 8 percent African American. Their grades are phenomenal. Their dropout rate is low. Their parents are responsible and they're engaged.

And guess what's happening? The public schools in Philadelphia in the area are starting to improve as well, because of the choice and competition that is employed by the parents there. I want every American parent to have a choice, a choice as to how they want their child educated, and I guarantee you the competition will dramatically increase the level of education in America.



And I applaud our former Governor Bush for the great job he's done on education in Florida and America.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Governor Romney, how can we improve education -- public education in this country?

LOSER Well, we've got a pretty good model. If you look at my state, even before I got there, other governors and legislatures worked real hard to improve education. And they did a number of things that made a big difference.

One is, they started testing our kids to see who was succeeding, making sure that failing schools were identified and then turning them around. They fought for school choice. When I became governor, I had to protect school choice because the legislature tried to stop it.

And then we also fought for English immersion. We wanted our kids coming to school to learn English from the very beginning. And then we did something that was really extraordinary. We said to every kid that does well on these exams that we put in place before you can graduate from high school, we're going to give you a John and Abigail Adams scholarship, four years tuition-free to our state university or state colleges for all the kids that graduate in the top quarter of their class.

We care about the quality of education. I want to pay better teachers more money. Teachers are underpaid, but I want to evaluate our teachers and see which ones are the best and which ones are not.



LOSER And let me tell how our kids are doing. Every two years, we test the kids across the country, the NAPE exam. Our kids -- my kids came out number one in English in fourth and eighth grade, number one in math. In all four tests, our kids came out number one in the nation.

These principles of choice, parental involvement, encouraging high standards, scholarships for our best kids -- these turn our schools into the kind of magnets that they can be for the entire nation.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.



We're going to continue talking about education. One our of three Hispanic students don't finish high school.

Governor Huckabee, what would you do to stop dropouts of school.

LOSER Well, first of all, the reason a lot of kids don't finish school and they drop out -- and by the way, you're right. The Hispanic dropout rate is significantly higher than the general population.

Six thousand kids, every day, drop out of school, 6,000. You know, the only reason any of us are standing on this stage today is because we have an education. Without it, we wouldn't be here.

LOSER An education is empowerment. The lack of it leads us to incredible, just all kinds of obstacles in our path.

And we always talk about we need more math and science, and we, and we're doing a better job. But one of the reasons we have kids failing is not because they're dumb, it's they're bored. They're bored with a curriculum that doesn't touch them.

We have schools that are about perpetuating the schools, not helping the students.

I propose launching weapons of mass instruction, making sure that we are launching not only the math and science...



...but music and art programs that touch the right side of the brain, and not only educate the left side of the student's brain.



Because without a creative economy and a creative student, you have a bored student, and that's one of the reasons we see so many of them dropping out.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, dropout among Hispanics, how would you solve that?

LOSER Well, you know, Governor Huckabee reminds me of the fact that I'm the product of a Catholic from the day I started in kindergarten until the day I got out of college.

LOSER And it was my parents...



It was my parents' choice. They made that choice for me. I wouldn't have known. They made that choice. It was hard for them to afford it. I was fortunate enough to get scholarships along the way to help.

But the reality is, that's really the answer. And we're all saying it in a different way. We can revolutionize public education in this country by allowing for choice.

Has it ever occurred to you that we have the best higher education system in the world, and we have a weakening K-12, including for Hispanic students?

Now, why do we have the best higher education in the world and this K-12 that's under great stress?

Because higher education is based on choice. It's based on you pick a college because you want to go there. The government doesn't force you to go there.

We should allow parents, like my parents were able to do; we should empower them by giving them the money, giving them scholarships, giving them vouchers, let them choose a public school, a private school, a parochial school, a charter school, homeschooling. Let's give the power to the parents, rather than to the government bureaucrats. And we will turn around education within three years.



MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, you know that problem of dropping out of Hispanics...

HUNTER You know, in California there was a great teacher named Jaime Escalante, who taught calculus. And he taught calculus in the barrio so effectively that his kids when they took the test were accused of cheating by the school district because they scored so high.

Jaime Escalante brought to the school system the one thing that we need throughout America, and that is inspiration, because young people are deciding what they want to do when they're in third, fourth, fifth, sixth grade.

And what we're going to have to do -- and incidentally, Jaime Escalante ultimately left that school district and the calculus program went down because he had a run-in with the teachers union.

What we have to do in this country is to take away all this old credentialing. We've got to bring in aerospace engineers and pilots and mathematicians and scientists and business-people, and we have to bring in people who can inspire kids at a young age to reach for the stars, and then convince them to work hard enough to get there.

HUNTER Inspiration, that's how we increase our capability in education.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Well, we have the last question for all of you. Hispanics are the biggest minority in the United States, and by 2050, we're going to be 25 percent of the population. Three months ago, I asked the same thing to the Democratic candidates.

What would you think would be the biggest contribution from Hispanics, but we want to ask you what is the role -- what role do you think Hispanics will play in the development of our nation and our society?

We're going to start with Governor Huckabee.

LOSER On our coins, it says, "E pluribus unum." It means out of many, one.

Ronald Reagan said it best. He said that if we go to Germany, we're not Germans, and if we go to Italy, we're not Italians. But anyone who comes to America is an American.

LOSER One of the great aspects of this nation is that when people come here and unite with us, they share not just our borders and our boundaries. They share our hopes and our dreams and our aspirations.

And if there's any one reason that this country is a magnet for people, and clearly a magnet for many Hispanics who have found hope and opportunity here, it's because they see in this country what we ourselves who live here see. And that is that here, we can dream great dreams and actually can see them.

Our equality is not based on our ancestry, our last name, it's not based on how much money we make. It's based on the intrinsic worth and value that every one of us have. It's why we share something else, and I think that this nation is basically pro-life because we recognize that intrinsic worth.

And I think what we offer is an opportunity to raise families and to live dreams and to be free.

MODERATOR Thank you.



Congressman Hunter, what would be -- what role would Hispanics play in the future of our society?

HUNTER Well, first, I want them to play a role as Republicans. And I want to invite, again, all the young people who are --registering to vote -- tonight -- to just remember a couple of things.

One thing is that that lady in El Salvador who stood there in the line for the elections after a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, had protected El Salvador and provided for free elections, and she had a bullet hole in her arm and she was asked, do you want to go to the aid station, and she said, yes, but first, I vote.

So, remember, Republicans stand for freedom.

Secondly, I want you to remember the Republicans stand for life, that the man who founded our party, Abraham Lincoln, did so on the basis of the value of human beings.

And lastly, I'd like you to remember that, you know, Democrats think this is a great country because of what government does for people, while Republicans think this is a great country because of what free people do for themselves.

HUNTER I think Hispanics have a great role with this great nation.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Thompson, you -- how far can Hispanics get in this country?

LOSER I think to help us be as strong as we can be and as good as we can be as Americans, I think the most important thing for Americans to be thinking about tonight is our national security, our future prosperity, for the children coming up behind us and our values.

The Hispanic community is traditionally strong in defending liberty and defending our nation's honor. They have had to fight their way, in many cases, just to come here and become a part of our society.

The Hispanic community is well-known as having a work ethic that is second to none.

LOSER They ask for very little and contribute very much.

The Hispanic community is known for their values. They know that marriage is between a man and a woman, for example. They know that the family...



They know that the family is at the center of societies, and strong families build better societies. Those are things that they share with all other citizens of the United States...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER ... and will make for a stronger country.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, your vision of Hispanics in the future.

WINNER My vision of America in the future when Hispanics are a very large percentage of our population is that we will be enriched. We will be enriched by their music, their culture, their food, their language, and most of all, their love of America.

Most of these people came from places where they were deprived of human rights, whether it be a terrible place like Cuba, or a country like Venezuela, where you have a two-bit dictator, depriving them of their opportunities to move forward.

WINNER I know what it's like to be deprived of one's human rights, and I know that one of the things that Hispanics will do is love this country and defend it, and defend the great beauty and wonder of this nation, and keep it a shining city on a hill.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER The most important thing Hispanics can do is what all Americans do Join us in our effort to restore our Constitution and our great country. We have lost our way. We have lost our way. We have deserted our traditions on our foreign policy, on our economic policy, our education policy, our monetary policy, and this country is looking for help.

And people are joining us now to restore this.

LOSER And this is not a Hispanic issue, it's an American issue.

What we want is the rule of law so we all have opportunity once again. But we have to not only restore the Constitution, we have to first read it and understand it and what it means to be free in this country once again.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Hispanic Americans have already reached great heights in America. They've contributed so much. I saw that in my city. They pushed us to be better. They have the basic values that make us better, values of family, values of hard work, getting a good job, education as the way to success.

Even when you asked that question, "What are Hispanics concerned about?," they're concerned about a good education for their child, they're concerned about having an opportunity to work.

These are basic American values. It's what the Cuban-Americans have done, coming to this country. It was wonderful for us that we had Cuban-Americans come here, it made us better, it made us better Americans.

I see that with all the different Hispanic populations in New York that are very, very diverse.

This is one country, but it's a country that's informed by all these great traditions.

And when you say Hispanic, we also should recognize this is a diverse tradition. It's from many different countries. They share these common values, but they're coming here to be Americans, and they're making us better by being here in America.

LOSER And I think -- I think we do the right things; we have the right approach; we have the right leadership, the sky's the limit for Hispanic Americans.

But, you know something, the sky's the limit for all Americans if we have the right kind of leadership.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Romney?

LOSER America needs all Americans. We're in a time of real need. We're the strongest nation on Earth; we're the hope of the Earth. But we face some extraordinary challenges -- global jihadists, violent jihadists, who want to bring down our nations and other nations.

We face, as well, tough new competition coming from places like China and India, unlike anything we've known before.

We spend way too much money in Washington, particularly on entitlements that are growing more and more weighty on us.

LOSER We have extraordinary challenges culturally as people are deciding to have kids without being married. There are all sorts of challenges in our country. And right now, we need to do what Ronald Reagan did, which is call on America's strength.

As he faced the difficulties of the last century, he said, let's have a strong military and a strong economy that can outcompete the Russians. And let's make sure we have strong values and confidence in ourselves.

The Hispanic community, like all other communities in this great nation, need to come together and strengthen America. Because this is the land of the brave and the home of the free. And Hispanics are brave and they are free, as are all of the people of this great nation.

Thank you.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Thank you very much to all the candidates for being here with us tonight -- and Univision. Thank you so much for coming. Thanks a lot.

Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer Welcome to tonight's presidential debate, co-sponsored by the Republican Party of Florida. It is my pleasure tonight to introduce the man who has brought new ideas to state government, and whose leadership has been embraced by the voters of Florida, and who has become the nation's most popular governor.

Ladies and gentlemen, Governor Charlie Crist.

Charlie Crist Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. And welcome to the Sunshine State. It's great to have this debate in Florida, in my home town of St. Petersburg.

It's an important evening. We're going to hear from some great candidates, great Republicans. And we should have fun with it. The questions come from the people, as Anderson said. This is truly the people's debate.

But it's also important to understand what we're talking about the future of America; about integrity; about honor; about duty; and about loyalty. That's what America always has stood for and always will.

So let's meet some of these great candidates. First, Congressman Duncan Hunter. Congressman Ron Paul. Senator John McCain. Senator Fred Thompson. Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Governor Mitt Romney. Governor Mike Huckabee. And Congressman Tom Tancredo.

Anderson Cooper OK, John King is standing by, as well as Gloria Borger.

Gloria, a lot of elbows being thrown on the campaign trail the last couple of days. What are you expecting tonight?

Gloria Borger Well, I think tonight you might see a lot of elbows being thrown at Mitt Romney. He's really the guy to beat out there. He's been ahead in Iowa and New Hampshire. He's looking in his rearview mirror now. He sees Mike Huckabee moving up on him in Iowa, and every other candidate has a shot in New Hampshire, so he's the target.

Cooper John King, this Rasmussen poll shows Mike Huckabee right now in the lead in Iowa.

John King He is moving up in Iowa, Anderson. And that is part of the debate, about which Republican Party -- what will the Republican Party look like when it picks its new leader?

Mike Huckabee is someone who is running on the anti-abortion agenda, as are so many of the other candidates tonight. But the national frontrunner is Rudy Giuliani, who favors abortion rights. Not since Ronald Reagan won in 1980 has the Republican Party even brokered the notion of having a nominee who supported abortion rights.

You also have a Republican president at this moment and one of the candidates on stage, Senator McCain, who were behind that big so- called comprehensive immigration reform that would give legal status to 12 million or more illegal immigrants in the United States. Well, now opposition to that legislation is one of the defining debates in the Republican Party.

So, from a personality standpoint and a substantive standpoint, this is a fascinating time as the Republican Party decides who its leader will be and what its agenda will be after George W. Bush passes from the stage, Anderson.

Cooper Gloria, the clock is ticking toward Iowa.

Borger Absolutely. And they know that right now, starting with this debate, they've really got to define themselves, differentiate themselves, because the voters in Iowa still pretty much are undecided. So, it's anyone's game right now.

The holidays are coming up. And this is one opportunity for each of these candidates to tell the voters who he is and why he's different from the other guy.

Cooper We are just watching the traveling press pool leave the auditorium. We'll get started in just a moment.

Welcome, candidates. Good to have you all on the stage. Thanks for being here.

Now, as there was last time with the Democratic candidates, there's been some concern among the campaigns about what kind of questions are going to be asked tonight.

And with 5,000 questions to choose from, we certainly had a lot of options.

Take a look.

(Begin videotape)

Cooper (voice over) Many groups tried to organize submissions. Will Dick Armey's question be seen tonight?

Dick Armey I will put that together as a YouTube...

Snowman cartoon character And this is a question for Mitt Romney...

Cooper How about the much maligned snowman? Will he rear his frozen head here in sunny Saint Pete?

UFO cartoon character So he wants to know what you would do about me and other kids like me -- the unwitting children of illegal -- well, you know.

Cooper Dennis Kucinich may have seen a UFO, but we'll have no little green men here in Florida.

Actor as "The Ghost of Richard Nixon" I am the ghost of Richard Nixon!

We won't be seeing Richard Nixon, or little kids used to make adult points.

Though, there is one question where kids may make an appearance. And don't worry, we tried to keep out of most of the Abe Lincolns and Ben Franklins, and all the animals, both stuffed...

Sparky My name is Sparky.

Cooper ... and real.

Schmoopsy Schmoopsy here with a question for the Republican candidate.

(End videotape)

Cooper Sadly, Schmoopsy will not be heard from tonight.

The candidates will have 90 seconds to answer the YouTube questions, the questions that are asked direct to them, 30 seconds for any follow-up questions that I may ask.

There are no lights, no bells, no buzzers, no electric shocks. We prefer the honor system here. We'll warn the candidates when they need to wrap things up.

We also will insist that candidates stay on the question that was being asked and not stray off to an earlier or another topic. Americans put a lot of time into submitting these questions. We think they deserve direct answers.

Finally, tonight we are not in the business of discouraging applause from our audience here, or passion, but please, if it gets out of control, we will ask the crowd here to keep it down just a little bit.

All right, let's begin.

(The governor introduced the candidates.)

Cooper He did a very good job of it, but one Republican wanted to do that also, and he does it in a way that reminds us this is definitely a new kind of a debate.

Here is Chris Nandor from Snohomish, Washington.

Chris Nandor (singing) The grand old party's looking for somebody who can lead, someone who is electable and adheres to our creed.

Some say the group is not diverse; they're white, they're men, but wait. The Dems have just one candidate, Republicans have eight.

Rudy's leading all the polls, but can he win the base?

Mitt changed on abortion; history he can't erase.

Ron Paul would end the FDA and that is just a start.

Fred has just begun to run, but sure does look the part.

Hunter tells us what to do in foreign policy debates.

Huckabee's compassionate and lost a lot of weight.

Tancredo says let's build a fence across the whole Southwest.

McCain is loved by many and hated by the rest.

We don't know who we're voting for; we don't know who will win. That's why we use YouTube to ask our questions of these men.

Time is short, we're voting soon, and I just thought I'd mention. If we don't reach consensus, then we'll decide at convention.

Cooper All right, enough of the singing, enough of the snowmen. Let's begin the debate.

From one tough-talking New Yorker, a question to another tough- talking New Yorker.

Ernie Nardi This is Ernie Nardi from Dyker Heights in Brooklyn, New York, with a question for the ex-Mayor Giuliani.

Under your administration, as well as others, New York City was operated as a sanctuary city, aiding and abetting illegal aliens.

I would like to know, if you become president of the United States, will you continue to aid and abet the flight of illegal aliens into this country?

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Ernie, that was a very good question. And the reality is that New York City was not a sanctuary city. (OFF-MIKE) single illegal immigrant that New York City could find that either committed a crime or was suspected of a crime. That was in the executive order originally done by Ed Koch, continued by David Dinkins and then done by me.

The reason for the confusion is, there were three areas in which New York City made an exception. New York City allowed the children of illegal immigrants to go to school. If we didn't allow the children of illegal immigrants to go to school, we would have had 70,000 children on the streets at a time in which New York City was going through a massive crime wave, averaging 2,000 murders a year, 10,000 felonies a week.

The other two exceptions related to care -- emergency care in the hospital and being able to report crimes. If we didn't allow illegals to report crimes, a lot of criminals would have gone free because they're the ones who had the information.

But, most important point is, we reported thousands and thousands and thousands of names of illegal immigrants who committed crimes to the immigration service. They did not deport them. And what we did, the policies that we had, were necessary because the federal policies weren't working.

The federal policies weren't working, stopping people coming into the United States. If I were president of the United States, I could do something about that by deploying a fence, by deploying a virtual fence, by having a BorderStat system like my COMSTAT system that brought down crime in New York, and just stopping people from coming in, and then having a tamper-proof ID card.

Cooper Time.

Governor Romney, was New York a sanctuary city?

LOSER Absolutely. It called itself a sanctuary city. And as a matter of fact, when the welfare reform act that President Clinton brought forward said that they were going to end the sanctuary policy of New York City, the mayor actually brought a suit to maintain its sanctuary city status.

And the idea that they reported any illegal alien that committed a crime -- how about the fact that the people who are here illegally have violated the law? They didn't report everybody they found that was here illegally.

And this happens to be a difference between Mayor Giuliani and myself and probably others on this stage as well, which is we're going to have to recognize in this country that we welcome people here legally.

But the mayor said -- and I quote almost verbatim -- which is if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status -- and that means you're here illegally -- then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.

That's the wrong attitude. Instead, we should say if you're here illegally, you should not be here. We're not going to give you benefits, other than those required by the law, like health care and education, and that's the course we're going to have to pursue.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER It's unfortunate, but Mitt generally criticizes people in a situation in which he's had far the -- worst record.

For example, in his case, there were six sanctuary cities. He did nothing about them.

There was even a sanctuary mansion. At his own home, illegal immigrants were being employed, not being turned into anybody or by anyone. And then when he deputized the police, he did it two weeks before he was going to leave office, and they never even seemed to catch the illegal immigrants that were working at his mansion. So I would say he had sanctuary mansion, not just sanctuary city.

Cooper All right. I have to allow Governor Romney to respond...

LOSER Mayor, you know better than that.

(Laughter)

LOSER No ...

LOSER OK, then listen. All right? Then listen. First of all ...

LOSER You did have illegal immigrants working at your mansion, didn't you?

LOSER No, I did not, so let's just talk about that. Are you suggesting, Mr. Mayor -- because I think it is really kind of offensive actually to suggest, to say look, you know what, if you are a homeowner and you hire a company to come provide a service at your home -- paint the home, put on the roof. If you hear someone that is working out there, not that you have employed, but that the company has.

If you hear someone with a funny accent, you, as a homeowner, are supposed to go out there and say, "I want to see your papers."

Is that what you're suggesting?

LOSER What I'm suggesting is, if you ...

(Crosstalk)

LOSER If you're going to take this holier than thou attitude, that your whole approach to immigration...

LOSER I'm sorry, immigration is not holier than thou, Mayor. It's the law.

LOSER If you're going to take this holier than thou attitude that you are perfect on immigration...

LOSER I'm not perfect.

LOSER ... it just happens you have a special immigration problem that nobody else up here has. You were employing illegal immigrants. That is a pretty serious thing. They were under your nose.

(Applause)

And ...

LOSER I ask the mayor again. Are you suggesting, Mayor, that if you have a company that you hired who provide a service, that you now are responsible for going out and checking the employees of that company, particularly those that might look different or don't have an accent like yours, and ask for their papers -- I don't think that's American, number one.

Number two ...

Cooper We got to move on.

LOSER Let me tell you what I did as governor. I said no to driver's licenses for illegals.

I said, number two, we're going to make sure that those that come here don't get a tuition break in our schools, which I disagree with other folks on that one.

(Applause)

Number three, I applied to have our state police enforce the immigration laws in May, seven months before I was out of office.

It took the federal government a long time to get the approvals and we enforced the law. And Massachusetts is not a sanctuary state, and the policies of the mayor of pursuing a sanctuary nation or pursuing a sanctuary city...

Cooper We've got a number ...

LOSER ... are, frankly, wrong.

Cooper We've got a number of questions from our viewers on this topic, so we have a lot more to talk about on this. You will have another chance to respond.

(Applause)

LOSER And it's really hard -- it's really hard to have employer sanctions...

(Audience booing)

Cooper All right. Let's play this next video from the same topic.

(Begin video clip)

Michael Weitz Good evening. There are thousands of people in Canada and Mexico waiting to come to America legally. They want to become American citizens. They want to be part of the American dream. Yet, there are those in the Senate that want to grant amnesty for those that come here illegally.

Will you pledge tonight, if elected president, to veto any immigration bill that involves amnesty for those that have come here illegally?

Thank you.

Cooper Senator Thompson?

(Applause)

LOSER Yes, I pledge that. A nation that cannot and will not defend its own borders will not forever remain a sovereign nation. And it's unfair...

(Applause)

We have -- we have thousands of people standing in line at embassies around the world to become United States American citizens, to come here to get a green card, to come here and to assimilate and be a part of our culture. They are part of what has made our country great. Some of our better citizens. We all know them and love them.

Now, it's our country together -- their's and ours, now together. It's our home. And we now get to decide who comes into our home.

And to place somebody above them or in front of them in line is the wrong thing to do.

We've got to strengthen the border. We've got to enforce the border. We've got to punish employers -- employers who will not obey the law. And we've got to eliminate sanctuary cities and say to sanctuary cities, if you continue this, we're going to cut off federal funding for you, you're not going to do it with federal money.

(Applause)

Now, there are parts of what both of these gentlemen have just said that I would like to associate myself with.

First of all, of course, Governor Romney supported the Bush immigration plan until a short time ago. Now he's taken another position, surprisingly.

(Laughter)

As far as Mayor Giuliani is concerned, I am a little surprised the mayor says, you know, everybody's responsible for everybody that they hire, but we'll have to address that a little bit further later. I think we've all had people probably that we have hired that in retrospect probably is a bad decision.

(Laughter)

He did have a sanctuary city. In 1996, I helped pass a bill outlawing sanctuary cities. The mayor went to court to overturn it. So, if it wasn't a sanctuary city, I'd call that a frivolous lawsuit.

(Applause)

Cooper All right, because this was a direct...

(Applause)

Cooper Because this was a direct mention of Mayor Giuliani, we have to allow you to respond. Thirty seconds, please.

LOSER New York City was not a sanctuary city. New York City did three exceptions. The three exceptions were to allow children to go to school, to allow those illegal immigrants who were the victims of crime to report the person who assaulted them, beat them up, mugged them.

And third, to allow emergency care in the hospitals, which we were required to do by federal law. We had a policy of reporting every single illegal immigrant other than those three who commit any kind of crime or were suspected of crime, and we reported thousands of them to immigration service. Few of them were deported.

Cooper Senator McCain, let me bring you back to the question that was asked by the YouTube user. Would you willing to veto any immigration bill that involved amnesty for those who have come here illegally?

WINNER Yes, of course, and we never proposed amnesty. But you know, this whole debate...

Cooper Come on, please. Let him answer.

WINNER You know, this whole debate saddens me a little bit because we do have a serious situation in America. In 1986, we passed a law that said we would enforce our borders, and gave amnesty to a couple of million people. We gave the amnesty. Now we have 12 million people and still borders that are not enforced.

I came to the Senate not to do the easy things, but to do the hard things. Mel Martinez and I knew this was going to be a tough issue, but we thought the status quo was unacceptable broken borders; 12 million people here illegally; a need for a temporary worker program, certainly in my state in the agricultural section, certainly in this state of Florida.

And we tried to get something done. We said we'd enforce the borders. The American people didn't believe us. They don't believe us because of our failure in Katrina, our failure in Iraq, our failures in reining in corruption and out of control spending.

So we tried and we failed. And I appreciate the president's efforts. He comes from a border state too. And what we've learned is that the American people want the borders enforced. We must enforce the -- secure the borders first.

But then you've still got two other aspects of this issue that have to be resolved as well. And we need to sit down as Americans and recognize these are God's children as well.

(Applause)

And they need some protection under the law. And they need some of our love and compassion.

Cooper Thank you, Senator.

WINNER And I want to assure you that I'll enforce the borders first, that as president of the United States, we'll solve this immigration problem. And we won't demagogue it. And we won't have sanctuary cities.

Cooper OK.

WINNER And we won't have all this other rhetoric that unfortunately contributes nothing to the national dialogue.

Cooper Thank you, senator.

Michael Weitz who actually asked that question is here in the audience.

Michael, do you feel you got an answer?

Weitz Am I happy with the answer?

Cooper Yes.

Weitz One yes, one no and one sort of.



Cooper All right.

Well, let's -- Congressman Tancredo?

LOSER Yes.

Well, I tell you, this has been wonderful. Senator McCain may not be happy with the spirit of this debate. For a guy who usually stands on the bookend here, aside, and just listens all the time, that's kind of frustrating, you know, in other debates. I have to tell you, so far, it's been wonderful.

(Laughter)

Because all I've heard is people trying to out-Tancredo Tancredo.

It is great. I am so happy to hear it. It is a wonderful thing. It's a good message, yes. We want to secure the borders.

Cooper Our next question is actually directly to you, so let's bring it up.

LOSER Let me go ahead and answer that next question.

Jack Brooks Hammered by competition with imports, our family- owned business struggles each year to find seasonal workers. We've been working with a seasonal guest-worker program, the H2B program, bringing in and sending home workers every year.

But with Congress failing to enact a comprehensive immigration and guest worker bill, I want to know whether I'll have a job next year. What are you going to do to keep these guest workers coming to the U.S. to save our business?

Cooper Congressman Tancredo?

LOSER OK, the gist of the question, as I understand it, is, what I'm going to do stop guest workers from coming in here?

Cooper No, no, to help. This small business needs guest workers.

LOSER I'm sorry. I could not hear that. I'm sorry. Well, I'll tell you, I'm not going to aid any more immigration into this country, because in fact, immigration...

(Applause)

... massive immigration into the country, massive immigration, both legal and illegal, does a couple of things.

One of it is, makes it difficult for us to assimilate. The other thing is that it does take jobs.

I reject the idea -- I reject the idea, categorically, that there are jobs that, quote, "No American will take." I reject it.

(Applause)

Now, what they will do...

(Applause)

... what you can say -- what you absolutely can say to these people is that there are no -- there are some jobs Americans won't take for what I can get any illegal immigrant to do that job for. Yes, that's true.

But am I going to feel sorry if a business has to increase its wages in order for somebody in this country to make a good living? No, I don't feel sorry about that and I won't apologize for it for a moment. And there are plenty of Americans who will do those jobs.

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Hunter?

LOSER Yes. Cooper, a great debate. It's nice to listen to lots of statements about what the other candidates will do with respect to the borders.

I built that border fence in San Diego and it does work. It's a ...

(Applause)

You know, we built a double fence. We had the number one smuggler's corridor in America with most of the illegal aliens and most of the drugs that came into the entire country coming in through that number one corridor between Tijuana, Mexico, and San Diego, California.

We built the double-border fence with a road in between, and we reduced the smuggling of people and drugs by more than 90 percent. And as a result of that, the crime rate...

(Applause)

... the crime rate in the city of San Diego went down by 53 percent by FBI statistic. And as a result of that, I wrote the law that the president signed last October 26, incidentally, passed the Senate 80-19, that mandates 854 miles of double-border fence across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.

Now, the administration has $800 million on hand right now, cash on hand. They haven't built a linear inch of that fence in Texas.

As president of the United States, I would bill the double-border fence, all 854 miles, in six months.

Cooper Next question is ...

(Applause)

LOSER That is my commitment.

(Applause)

Cooper ... on immigration as well is going to go to Governor Huckabee.

(Applause)

Ashley Governor Huckabee, while governor of Arkansas, you gave a illegal aliens a discount for college in Arkansas by allow them to pay lower in-state tuition rates. However, we have thousands of military members currently serving our country in Iraq with children at home. If these children chose to move to Arkansas to attend college, they would have to pay three times the tuition rate that illegal aliens pay.

Would you support a federal law which would require any state that gives these tuition rates to illegal aliens to give the same rates to the children of our military members?

Cooper Governor Huckabee, you have 90 seconds.

Huckabee Thank you very much.

Ashley, first of all, let me just express that you're a little misinformed. We never passed a bill that gave special privileges to the children of illegals to go to college.

Now, let me tell you what I did do. I supported the bill that would've allowed those children who had been in our schools their entire school life the opportunity to have the same scholarship that their peers had, who had also gone to high school with them and sat in the same classrooms.

They couldn't just move in in their senior year and go to college. It wasn't about out of state tuition. It was an academic, meritorious scholarship called the Academic Challenge Scholarship.

Now, let me tell you a couple of provisions of it. And, by the way, it didn't pass. It passed the House but got in the Senate and got caught up in the same kind of controversy that this country is caught up in.

And here's what happened. This bill would've said that if you came here, not because you made the choice but because your parents did, that we're not going to punish a child because the parent committed a crime.

That's not what we typically do in this country.

It said that if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're five or six-years old and you had become an A-plus student, you'd completed the core curriculum, you were an exceptional student, and you also had to be drug and alcohol-free -- and the other provision, you had to be applying for citizenship.

It accomplished two things that we knew we wanted to do, and that is, number one, bring people from illegal status to legal status.

And the second thing, we wanted people to be taxpayers, not tax- takers. And that's what that provision did.

And finally, would we give that provision to the children of veterans, personally? What we've done with not just the children of veterans, but most importantly, veterans is disgraceful in this country.

And that's why I proposed a veterans bill of rights that, if anything, would give our veterans the most exceptional privileges of all, because they are the ones who have earned all of our freedom -- every single one of them.

Cooper Governor, you called Governor Huckabee a liberal on immigration.

(Applause)

LOSER Well, you know, I like Mike. And I heard what he just said. But he basically said that he fought for giving scholarships to illegal aliens. And he had -- he had a great reason for doing so.

It reminds me of what it's like talking to liberals in Massachusetts, all right? They have great reasons for taking taxpayer money and using it for things they think are the right thing to do.

Mike, that's not your money. That's the taxpayers' money.

(Applause)

And the right thing here is to say to people that are here legally as citizens or legal aliens, we're going to help you. But if you're here illegally, then you ought to be able to return home or get in line with everybody else. But illegals are not going to get taxpayer-funded breaks that are better than our own citizens, those that come from other states or those that come from your state.

Cooper You have 30 seconds to respond.

Huckabee Well, but they didn't get something better. They had to earn it.

And, you know something, I worked my way through college. I started work when I was 14 and I had to pay my own way through.

I know how hard it was to get that degree. I am standing here tonight on this stage because I got an education. If I hadn't had the education, I wouldn't be standing on this stage. I might be picking lettuce. I might be a person who needed government support, rather than who was giving so much money in taxes I want to get rid of the tax code that we've got and make it really different.

LOSER Well ...

Huckabee Mitt, let me finish. Let me finish, Mitt.

In all due respect, we are a better country than to punish children for what their parents did. We're a better country than that.

(Applause)

Cooper Another question -- we have one more question for...

LOSER I get a chance to just respond to that. We are not punishing children for what their parents did. I respect the fact that you worked your way through college. That's the way you are. That's wonderful. A lot of people in this country do tremendous things to get their education. But the question is, are we going to give taxpayer-funded benefits to kids that are here illegally and put them ahead of kids that are here legally?

There is only so much money to go around, and ...

Huckabee No, there is ...

LOSER Let me finish, too.

Huckabee Well, but let's just be factual.

Cooper You've got 30 seconds. Your time is up.

LOSER There's only so much money. Are we going to say that kids that are here illegally are going to get a special deal? Are they going to get a deal better than other kids? Do they get benefits by virtue of coming here illegally? And the answer is no.

Huckabee Because they're earning it. That was the difference. They had to earn it by their...

Cooper We've got another question from a YouTube watcher. Let's watch, please.

YouTube question Good evening, candidates. This is (inaudible) from Arlington, Texas, and this question is for Ron Paul.

I've met a lot of your supporters online, but I've noticed that a good number of them seem to buy into this conspiracy theory regarding the Council of Foreign Relations, and some plan to make a North American union by merging the United States with Canada and Mexico.

These supporters of yours seem to think that you also believe in this theory. So my question to you is Do you really believe in all this, or are people just putting words in your mouth?

Cooper Congressman Paul, 90 seconds.

LOSER Well, it all depends on what you mean by "all of this." the CFR exists, the Trilateral Commission exists. And it's a, quote, "conspiracy of ideas." This is an ideological battle. Some people believe in globalism. Others of us believe in national sovereignty.

And there is a move on toward a North American union, just like early on there was a move on for a European Union, and it eventually ended up.

And there is a move on toward a North American Union, just like early on there was a move on for a European Union, and eventually ended up. So we had NAFTA and moving toward a NAFTA highway. These are real things. It's not somebody made these up. It's not a conspiracy. They don't talk about it, and they might not admit about it, but there's been money spent on it. There was legislation passed in the Texas legislature unanimously to put a halt on it. They're planning on millions of acres taken by eminent domain for an international highway from Mexico to Canada, which is going to make the immigration problem that much worse.

So it's not so much a secretive conspiracy, it's a contest between ideologies, whether we believe in our institutions here, our national sovereignty, our Constitution, or are we going to further move into the direction of international government, more U.N.

You know, this country goes to war under U.N. resolutions. I don't like big government in Washington, so I don't like this trend toward international government. We have a WTO that wants to control our drug industry, our nutritional products. So, I'm against all that.

But it's not so much as a sinister conspiracy. It's just knowledge is out there. If we look for it, you'll realize that our national sovereignty is under threat.

Cooper Congressman Paul, thank you.

(Applause)

Cooper We've got a question -- moving on to another topic, the economy, money. Next question.

Sarah Lederach My name is Sarah Lederach. I'm 18 years old. I'm from Scarsdale, Pennsylvania. And I'm a student at Penn State University.

Often, I've heard both politicians and voters express their concern with providing a better future for their children. A concern of my generation is the trillions of dollars of national debt and what kind of responsibility we will have for that in the future.

My question for you all is, if elected, what measures will you take to tackle the national debt and control spending?

Cooper Senator McCain, have Republicans forgotten how to control spending?

WINNER Absolutely. Absolutely.

When we came to power in 1994, the government ...

(Applause)

... changed government and the government changed us.

We let spending lurch completely out of control. We spent $3 million to study the DNA of bears in Montana -- I don't know if that was a paternity issue or a criminal issue.

(Laughter)

We presided over a great expansion of government, the latest being the SCHIP, which was going to be paid for, supposedly, with a dollar-a-pack in increase in the tax on a pack of cigarettes.

So, we're going to help children with their health insurance and hope that they continue to smoke.

(Laughter)

So, I have the record of fighting against wasteful spending. I have a clear record of winning. I saved the taxpayers $2 billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal, where people went to jail.

I led in the Abramoff hearings in the -- in the obscure Indian Affairs Committee, for which people are still testifying and going to jail.

As president of the United States, I'd take an old veto pen that Ronald Reagan gave me, and I'd veto every single pork barrel bill that comes across my death. I'd make the authors famous.

And we've got to stop it and stop it now. And I can do it. And I've done it. And I've got the record.

(Applause)

And I know how Washington works. And I look forward to it.

Cooper Governor Romney, what would you do to the pork spending?

LOSER Well, the senator is absolutely right. Every bill that comes forward that's got pork in it and earmarks that are unnecessary, we've got to veto them and send them back. And that's a -- that's a lesson that's going to have to be done.

But it's gotta be broader than that. We're going to have to see fundamental change in the way Washington works. We're just -- we're just not going to get out-of-the-box thinking with inside-the-Beltway politics.

And we're going to have to fundamentally go at something like our entitlements and say we've got to reform those. I took on a major issue, which was health care, found a way to get people health insurance without having to expand government, without having to raise taxes.

We are going to have to after entitlements. We are going to have to set a cap, as I have proposed, on all nonmilitary discretionary spending, and inflation less 1 percent. Anything above that, we veto it.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I think you have to across-the-board spending cuts the way Ronald Reagan did, a 5, 10 percent per civilian agency should be done right now, actually. President Bush should do it to strengthen the dollar. We should commit not to rehire half of the civilian employees that will retire in the next 10 years. That is 42 percent of the federal workforce that will retire in the next 10 years. Don't rehire half of them. Use technology, one person doing the job of two or three.

Every businses has done it. The government has to do it. And we should look at those programs. There are about 3 percent of programs that OMB finds every year are failing. They should be zeroed out. Twenty-two pecent are found to be not able to be evaluated. They should be looked at. We need that kind of approach.

Cooper The next question is going to go to Senator Thompson, as well as Ron Paul.

Emily Hi, I am Emily and I am from Los Angeles.

The Republican Party once stood for limited government, which meant reduce federal spending because it cost less and we spent less.

However, over the past decade, real discretionary federal spending has in fact increased 40 percent, more than half of which has been non-defense related.

So my question is What are the names of the top three federal programs you would reduce in size in order to decrease...

(Applause)

Cooper Senator Thompson?

LOSER Well, it's a target-rich environment, there's no question about it. What most of these gentlemen have said absolutely correct. The difficulty is, most of the programs that we talk about, most of the ones get the headlines, would not begin to solve the problem.

Mitt's right when he mentions entitlement. That's why I have laid out a program to not attack entitlements, but to save Social Security. Everybody talks about wanting to do something about it. Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid are the ones that we're really going to have to reform if we're going to make any headway into spending.

Cooper So of the top three you would say Social Security?

LOSER No. I didn't say that. There is -- the OMB has come out with a list of over 100 programs. I would take all 100 of them, the ones that are full of waste, fraud and duplication. I filed a report in 2001, when I was chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee, and identified billions of dollars that we should be saving.

But my point is that we're going to have to reform Social Security, we're going to have to reform Medicare. I've laid out a detailed plan that will give individual retirement accounts for people, matched by the government, and also re-index the way benefits are calculated initially when a person retires. And together, that program has been said by the experts already -- to say that -- have said that it would, after 75 years, make Social Security actuarily sound.

I've got the only program out there that really addresses specifically one of the programs that's going to have to be reformed.

Cooper Congressman Paul, the question was three programs.

Can you name three?

LOSER Yes, and I would like to state that, to the statement earlier made that we all went to Washington to change Washington and Washington changed us, I don't think that applies to me; Washington did not change me.

(Applause)

I would like to change Washington, and we could by cutting three programs, such as the Department of Education -- Ronald Reagan used to talk about that -- Department of Energy, Department of Homeland Security is the biggest bureaucracy we ever had.

(Applause)

And besides, what we can do is we can have a stronger national defense by changing our foreign policy. Our foreign policy is costing us a trillion dollars, and we can spend most of that or a lot of that money home if we would bring our troops home.

(Applause)

Cooper Governor Huckabee, 30 seconds, three programs.

Huckabee Anderson, the first thing that I would get rid of would be the Internal Revenue Service.

(Applause)

We'd have a complete -- getting rid of a $10-billion-a-year industry.

I'm not being facetious. If we enacted the fair tax, one of the most researched ways to revive our economic future ...

(Applause)

... we will get rid of the IRS. Secondly, I agree we need to revamp homeland security. It's a mess, and we have a real problem with the way that it's currently structured. And the third...

Cooper Thirty seconds is up.

Huckabee What's that?

Cooper Thirty seconds is up.

Huckabee Oh, OK. Get rid of the IRS, and that would account for most of the problems. Most people in this country are more afraid of an audit than they are of a mugging, and there's a reason why.

Cooper We've got more questions on this topic.

(Laughter)

(Applause)

Cooper This next question is for Senator McCain.

Ronald Lanham My name is Ronald Lanham from Mobile, Alabama. And I want you to tell me, do you support the elimination of the federal income tax in favor of a national retail sales tax, also known as the fair tax? Thank you.

Cooper Governor Huckabee supports it. Do you?

WINNER I do not, and I think we should look very carefully at it. And I think we should look very carefully at some of the provisions, which according to The Wall Street Journal would increase an individual's tax rate up into the 30s.

Obviously, we need a simpler, fairer tax code. Everybody knows that. We need to have a commission that reports out a credible proposal. And then we do what we do with the base closing commissions. Congress can't fool around, they either vote yes or no.

If Congress can't fix the tax code, give me the job and I'll fix it.

I just want to also say that Congressman Paul, I've heard him now in many debates talk about bringing our troops home, and about the war in Iraq and how it's failed.

(Applause)

And I want to tell you that that kind of isolationism, sir, is what caused World War II. We allowed...

(Applause)

We allowed ...

(Audience booing)

Cooper Allow him his answer. Allow him his answer, please.

WINNER We allowed -- we allowed Hitler to come to power with that kind of attitude of isolationism and appeasement.

(Audience booing)

And I want to tell you something, sir. I just finished having Thanksgiving with the troops, and their message to you is -- the message of these brave men and women who are serving over there is, "Let us win. Let us...

(Applause)

Cooper We will -- please. We will get to Iraq...

(Applause)

All right. Let me just remind everyone that these people did take a lot of time to ask these questions, and so we do want direct questions to -- the answers. We will get to Iraq later, but I do have to allow Congressman Paul 30 seconds to respond.

LOSER Absolutely. The real question you have to ask is why do I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel?

(Applause)

What John is saying is just totally distorted.

(Protester shouts off-mike)

LOSER He doesn't even understand the difference between non- intervention and isolationism. I am talking isolationism. I am isolationist. I want to trade with people, talk with people, travel. But I don't want to send troops overseas using force to tell them how to live. We would object to it here and they're going to object to us over there.

(Applause)

Cooper All right. We will have a lot more on Iraq coming up. It is obviously a very heated topic. Sticking on the economy, though, a familiar face asking a very simple question.

Governor Norquist President Bush made a commitment when he ran for president in 2000 an 2004 that he would oppose and veto any tax increase that Congress sent him. My question to each of the candidates is Would you promise to the people watching this right now, that you will oppose and veto any efforts to raise taxes as long as you're president?

Cooper I doubt you can do it, but very short answers. Congressman Tancredo?

LOSER Yes, I can. I have the highest rating, by the way, from the American Conservative Union of anybody on this stage, and yes to Grover because he knows I have the highest rating from the Americans for Tax Reform.

(Applause)

LOSER Thank you very much, Grover. Appreciate it.

Cooper Governor Huckabee?

Huckabee I would, Anderson. In fact, I signed a pledge to that effect and would keep that pledge.

Cooper Governor Romney?

LOSER I've signed Grover's pledge as well. I believe I was the first person on this stage to do so.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Yes, I would. I did it as mayor. I would do it as the president. I had one of the best records in the country for lowering taxes while I was mayor. I expect to have a great record as president.

Cooper Senator Thompson?

LOSER Cut -- tax cuts for eight years when I was in the United States Senate. Never met a tax I liked. I've got a tax-cut bill on the table. But I don't do pledges to anybody but the American people.

Audience Go, Fred, go.

(Applause)

Cooper Senator McCain?

WINNER I have a 24-year record of opposing tax increases and supporting tax reductions. And, no, I'm like Fred. My pledge and my record is up to the American people, not up to any other organization.

Cooper Congressman Paul?

LOSER I have never voted for a tax increase; never will. But the tax issue is only one-half of it.

You can easily pledge not to raise taxes, but you have to cut spending.

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Hunter?

LOSER You know, I came in with Ronald Reagan in 1980 to cut taxes, and I probably voted for more tax cuts than anybody here.

But you could have an emergency, a time of war, and I think it would be wrong to say, "Absolutely, I would pledge to Grover Norquist that I would never raise taxes." Could have a national emergency.

Cooper All right, next question.

Ted Faturos Hi, I'm Ted Faturos from Manhattan Beach, California.

Mmmmmm, nothing says delicious like cheap corn subsidized by the American taxpayer. For a lot of Americans, however, a bitter taste is left in their mouth when they learned about how the U.S. taxpayer bankrolls billions of dollars in farm subsidies that mostly go to large item business interests.

I'm curious which candidate could label themselves fiscally responsiblee, will endorse the elimination of farm subsidies if they are elected president in 2008.

Cooper Governor Romney, a lot of folks in Iowa interested in this answer.

(Laughter)

So I hear.

LOSER Not to mention Kansas, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota and so forth. We don't want to find ourselves, with regards to our food supply, in the same kind of position we're in with regards to our energy supply. And so it's important for us to make sure that our farmers are able to stay on the farm and raise the crops that we need to have a secure source of food. And so I believe in supports that will allow us to do that.

And the same time, I recognize that we're also investing in new technologies to get ourselves energy independent. And I happen to believe that some of the best sources for having renewable energy come from the farm. And so we're investing with subsidies in those areas to create new technology that otherwise wouldn't be ready for the market yet. So I support these programs.

And finally, I'd say this. We have, in our nation, about one out of three acres that are planted are for sale overseas.

We send products around the world. We're competing with European and Brazilian and other farmers, and we're competing in a marketplace where they are heavily subsidized, at great disadvantage for our farmers. And so, if we're going to change our support structure, we want to make sure that they change their support structure.

And we do this together, as opposed to unilaterally saying We're going to put our farmers in a tough position and have the farmers in the rest of the world continue to be subsidized.

So, open markets, let our goods go around the world and secure our source of food.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani, 30 seconds.

LOSER The governor's right. It isn't a level playing field. The subsidies in Europe are far higher than they are in the United States. We could reduce subsidies here if they would do it there. But we shouldn't do it on our own.

And also, we have to be very aware of the fact that we have to have our own supply of food. We can't be dependent on foreign countries for our food.

So, both of those reasons would say that although simplistically, it might seem like you'd want to get rid of all the subsidies, you've got to do this very carefully, and you have to do it in concert with these free-trade agreements and other agreements you're making so that European countries reduce their much heavier subsidies.

Cooper Since we're on fiscal matters, I would be remiss if I didn't ask this question, since it did just break a couple hours ago. This is to Mayor Giuliani. Politico broke a story a few hours ago questioning your accounting of taxpayer dollars as mayor.

They say that as mayor, the report says you took trips to the Hamptons and expensed the cost of your police detail to obscure city offices.

One, is that true? And, if so, was it appropriate?

LOSER First of all, it's not true. I had 24-hour security for the eight years that I was mayor. They followed me everyplace I went. It was because there were, you know, threats, threats that I don't generally talk about. Some have become public recently; most of them haven't.

And they took care of me, and they put in their records, and they handled them in the way they handled them. I had nothing to do with the handling of their records, and they were handled, as far as I know, perfectly appropriately.

Cooper We have asked all the campaigns, we should point out, to submit 30-second or so campaign-style videos, YouTube-style videos. It was open to them to do it in any format they wanted.

Our first video -- and we're going to be playing them throughout the night, some of them out of commercials, some of them during the program -- is from Congressman Tancredo.

(Begin videotape)

LOSER This issue of immigration is one of the most serious public policy issues we face.

Sen. Hillary Clinton What do we do now?

LOSER We have got to actually begin the process of assimilating people.

Clinton They may not talk to you if they think you are also going to be enforcing the immigration laws.

LOSER We are obfuscating and using words like Well, I am not for amnesty, but I am for letting them stay.

Clinton Well, I don't have enough time to tell you all the mistakes I have made.

LOSER The Republicans can stop this.

(End videotape)

(Applause)

Cooper All right, let's have our next question from a YouTube viewer.

LeeAnn Anderson My name is LeeAnn Anderson and I am from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and these are my kids Evan and May. Maya is from China and we adopted him to give her a better life. We never dreamed that she would that she'd be exposed to lead after leaving China, and now we find trains like this that are covered with lead in our home.

My question for the candidates are, what are you going to do to make sure that these kind of toys don't make their way into our homes and that we have safe toys that are made in America again and we keep jobs in America?

Cooper Congressman Tancredo, you have 90 seconds.

LOSER It is illegal to import that kind of thing. The problem is, of course, no one really pays a lot of attention to a lot of our laws, with regard to immigration of both people and, now in this case, of course, items, goods and services.

I voted against permanent normalized trade relations with China -- this is one reason why. It wasn't -- that was never devised simply to be a place for us to sell our products; it was devised to be a place where we could get cheap labor to then import products to the United States.

So, one of the things you'd have to do, and I certainly would intend to do, is to change our trade arrangement entirely -- with China, by the way, in particular, but with other countries, as well, that violate those agreements.

Cooper Congressman Hunter, you have 30 seconds.

(Applause)

LOSER China is cheating on trade, and they're using that $200 billion trade deficit over the United States to buy ships, planes and missiles. They are clearly arming.

And it's in the interest of the United States...

(Applause)

... to stop China's cheating. My bill, incidentally, that's up right now would do that.

But what we all ought to do in this Christmas season, with about a month to go before Christmas is buy American.

That might hire the young person. That'll result in a...

(Applause)

You know, that just might keep your neighbor from losing his job, and it might help that young person coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan in uniform to have a job when they get back.

Let's buy American this Christmas season.

Cooper All right. We're going to have three commercial breaks throughout this entire debate. This is the first one. And as we go to it, we go to another campaign-style video, this one from Senator Fred Thompson.

(Begin videotape)

LOSER I believe that abortion should be safe and legal in this country. I believe that since Roe v. Wade has been the law for 20 years, that we should sustain and support it.

Huckabee Others have suggested a surcharge on the income tax. That's acceptable. I'm fine with that. Others have suggested, perhaps, a sales tax. That's fine.

(End videotape)

Cooper Actually, given the nature of that video, we're not going to go to break right now.

(Laughter)

I think it's something we should talk about.

Senator Thompson, what's up with that?

(Laughter)

LOSER I just wanted to give my buddies here a little extra airtime.

(Laughter)

(Applause)

Listen, I mean, what do you mean what's up with it? These are their words.

Cooper OK. I should allow time to respond.

Governor Romney?

LOSER I'm not sure who that young guy was at the beginning of that film, but I can tell you this, which is, I don't know how many times I can tell it. I was wrong. All right. I was effectively pro- choice when I ran for office.

(Applause)

If people in this country are looking for someone who's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they're ever wrong, why then they're going to have to find somebody else, because on abortion I was wrong.

(Applause)

And I changed my mind as the governor. This didn't just happen the last couple of weeks or the last year. This happened when I was governor the first time a bill came to my desk that related to life. I could not sign a bill that would take away human life. I came down on the side of life every single instance as governor of Massachusetts. I was awarded by the Massachusetts Citizens for Life with their leadership award for my record.

I'm proud to be pro-life, and I'm not going to be apologizing for people for becoming pro-life.

(Applause)

Cooper Governor Huckabee, 30 seconds to respond.

Huckabee Well, I was governor nearly 11 years, and in that time I cut 90 taxes. Over that period of time, the income tax remained exactly what it was. The sales tax is one penny higher.

But I did do a number of tax cuts that helped a lot of people all over the place, like eliminating the marriage penalty, doubling the child care tax credit, getting rid of capital gains on the sale of a home, cutting capital gains on other things.

I have a great record on fiscal conservativism. But one thing I've learned, you know, when you get attacked, it's not always bad. It's like my old pastor used to tell me, when they're kicking you in the rear, it's just proving you're still out front.

(Applause)

Cooper I'm sure there's some campaign chair who might want to change their videos that they've given us after seeing Senator Thompson's, but it's too late to do that. We're going to take a short break. We'll be right back.

(Commercial break)

Jay Fox I'm Jay Fox, lifetime member of the NRA. Now, I am from a small town and as in any small time, we like our big guns. My question to you is What is your opinion of gun control? And don't worry, you can answer however you like.

(Laughter)

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Hunter? You have 90 seconds.

LOSER Well, first I've got to inform Jay that as a guy who got his first hunting license at the age of 10 and really believes in the right to keep and bear arms, and used them in the military, as my son did in Fallujah, you should never throw a gun to a person. He should have taken that gun handed-off from his fellow hunter. So you have to be safe with guns, Jay.

But the right to keep and bear arms is an important element of community security, home security, and national security. I think it is a tradition of the American soldier.

From Bunker Hill to New Orleans to the rooftops of Fallujah, the right to keep and bear arms and use them effectively is an important part of America's security. And I will strongly enforce the Second Amendment as president of the United States.

Cooper All right. On the same topic, another question. Let's watch.

Andrew Fink Hello. My name is Andrew Fink, and I have a question for Rudy Giuliani.

Mr. Giuliani, at a recent NRA convention, you stated that it's every American's right to be secure. Yet, on March 21 of the year 2000, The Boston Globe quoted you as saying, "Anyone wanting to own a gun should have to pass a written exam."

Considering the Constitution grants us the right to bear arms as a means of protection, why do you believe that citizens should be required to pass an exam in order to exercise their right to protect themselves and their families?

Thank you.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani, 90 seconds.

LOSER Andrew, what I believe is that we have to be very aggressive about enforcing the gun laws that exist. I had a city in which, when I took over, there were 2,000 murders a year, 10,000 felonies a week. And I enforced the gun laws very aggressively.

I enforced all laws very aggressively. And that's the reason we reduced shootings by 74 percent. We reduced homicide by 67 percent. And we went from being one of the most dangerous cities in the country to being one of the safest.

As far as that's concerned, what I believe is, the Second Amendment gives people an individual right to keep and to bear arms. Government can impose reasonable regulations. Generally, those reasonable regulations would be about...

(Audience booing)

Cooper Let him answer.

LOSER Let me finish. Generally, those reasonable regulations would be about criminal background, background of mental instability, basically the ones that are outlined in the opinion of the judge who wrote the Parker decision, Judge Silverman. And if those regulations go beyond that, then those are unconstitutional.

I think states can have a little bit of leeway. New York could have a somewhat stricter rule than, let's say, Kentucky. Texas might have different rules than Ohio. But generally, you've got to comply with this rule.

Now, the Supreme Court's going to decide this. The Supreme Court's going to decide this, probably within the next six months. The Parker (ph) case has been taken to the Supreme Court. They're going to decide whether it's a right that pertains to the militia -- which I don't believe it is -- or is it a right that is a personal right. I believe that it is.

And I will live by that. And people will be allowed to have guns. I'm not going to interfere with that. Generally, decisions are going to be made on a state basis. And they're going to have to comply with the Constitution.

Cooper Senator Thompson, last week you said that you don't think Mayor Giuliani's ever been a supporter of the Second Amendment. Why did you say that -- 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, the mayor has supported a wide array of gun control laws. I'm not sure there's ever one that didn't come up for consideration in terms of legislation that he didn't support -- signing ceremonies with people from President Clinton's Cabinet and that sort of thing when they came up.

The Second Amendment is not a choice thing. I mean, it's in the Constitution of the United States -- that's the protection that the people have against...

(Applause)

The case that the mayor refers to is the Washington D.C. case, and they were taking the same position, basically, the mayor took, as far as the city of New York is concerned.

They said, "You know, it will make a safer city if we outlaw law- abiding citizens having the right to posses a firearm." It didn't make them a safer city.

The D.C. Court of Appeals held that it was a violation of their Second Amendment rights and, hopefully, the Supreme Court will uphold the D.C. court.

Cooper Mayor?

LOSER I agree with the senator that it didn't make it a safer city. And some of these gun laws do not make a city a safer city.

The things we did in New York, indisputably, made New York City a much safer city. And the law in the District of Columbia and the law in New York are different.

The law in the District of Columbia made it impossible for you to have a firearm. And if New York City went that far, it should also be declared unconstitutional.

The Second Amendment clearly gives you the right to carry and to bear arms. In my reading of it, it's an individual right, and I believe the Supreme Court will declare that. And that protection comes from the Constitution, not just a president.

Cooper Staying on the topic, another question from a viewer.

Eric Bentson Hi there. I'm Eric Bentson from Phoenix, Arizona. Got a quick question for all you candidates.

Any of you all want to tell us about your gun collection, roughly how many you own, what your favorite make, model and caliber is, if any of them require a tax stamp?

Cooper (Off-mike) if you have a machine gun or a silencer.

Senator Thompson?

LOSER I own a couple of guns, but I'm not going to tell you what they are or where they are.

(Laughter)

(Applause)

Cooper Senator McCain?

WINNER For a long time I used a lot of guns, including carrying a .45 as a pilot flying in combat over Vietnam.

I know how to use guns. I don't own one now.

Cooper Congressman Hunter?

LOSER I have an old 20-gauge L.C. Smith that is just like the gun that my dad used to carry when I would walk behind him as a 9- year-old kid and pick up the shells when he was hunting quail. I finally got a chance to buy one of those a few years ago, the same gun that he had had and given to me when I was nine or ten year old when I bought my first hunting license.

The right to keep and bear arms in the Second Amendment is a large part protection. It is also a large part family tradition.

Cooper Is there anyone here besides Senator McCain who does not own a gun? Mayor Giuliani? Governor Romney?

LOSER I have two guns in my home. They are owned by my son Josh.

Cooper All right, there you have it.

We have another question on a similar topic.

LOSER He buys expensive things for me.

YouTube question Hi, this is me and my son Prentiss. We're from Atlanta. I want to ask you guys a question (inaudible) every year. But what about the war going on in our country, black on black crime? Two hundred to 400 black men die yearly in one city alone. What are you going to do about that war? It feels like the (inaudible) is right outside.

Cooper He's talking about black-on-black crime, crime in the inner cities.

Governor Romney?

LOSER Well, first of all, Printes is pretty fortunate because he's got a dad standing next to him that apparently loves him by all appearances there, and that's probably the best thing you can do for a kid is to have a mom and a dad.

(Applause)

And it's time in this country that we go back to the kind of values that allow kid to have moms and dads. In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock. And so we're going to try and once again reinculcate in this country the try of values that have made us so strong family values.

Secondly ...

Cooper The question is, what are you going to do about the war in the inner city?

LOSER Well, one, about the war in the inner city -- number one is to get more moms and dads. That's number one. And thank heavens Bill Cosby said it like it was. That's where the root of crime starts.

Number two, we've got to have better education in our schools.

I think that the civil rights issue of our time is the failure of inner-city schools to prepare kids in the inner city for the jobs of tomorrow. And number three, of course, you have to do a better job with our policing. And I was very proud that I added one state police class after another.

We had the largest state police in the history of our state during my term. We put in place tough laws related to drunk driving. Sex offenders, they have their pictures now posted on the Internet. We took actions to be tough on crime. And I was pleased that violent crime in my state during my term reduced by 7 percent.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani, your campaign manager week called Governor Romney a mediocre one-term governor. On the issue of fighting crime, is he a crime fighter?

LOSER The governor has a mixed record in fighting crime. For example, murder went up by 7.5 percent. Burglary went up. One other category of violent crime went up. Some categories of violent crime went down. So, it would be fair to say it's a mixed record.

The reality is, I had a very strong record in doing precisely what the young man was asking about. And that is reducing crime in specifically neighborhoods that would be regarded as poor neighborhoods, the neighborhoods that had the most crime.

For example, in Harlem, we reduced crime by about 80 percent. We reduced shootings, overall in the city, by 74 percent.

The city of New York was one of the most dangerous cities in America, and particularly in the neighborhoods this young man is worried about, they were really dangerous.

They are not that way anymore and we made the changes with the CompStat program, the broken windows theory and with very, very good leadership.

Cooper Governor Romney, I have to allow you 30 seconds to respond.

LOSER I think we all recognize that the mayor did a wonderful job at reducing crime in the City of New York.

I'm not a mayor, I'm not running for a mayor's job; I didn't have a police commissioner. But I did take the actions that I could, as a state governor, to improve our state police, to strengthen our state police, to be able to put in place the DNA laboratory -- we more than tripled the size of our DNA laboratory -- and did the things we could to improve crime -- our crime enforcement.

And I'm proud of the fact that we were able to reduce crime during my tenure.

Cooper The next topic is abortion.

Next question?

Journey Hi. My name is Journey. I'm from Texas. And this question is for all (inaudible) pro-life candidates.

In the event that abortion becomes illegal and a woman obtains an abortion anyway, what should she be charged with, and what should her punishment be? What about the doctor who performs the abortion?

Cooper Congressman Paul, 90 seconds.

LOSER You know, it's not a federal function to determine the penalties for a crime of abortion if it's illegal in a state. It's up to the state, it's up to the juries. And it should be up to discretion because it's not an easy issue to deal with. But the first thing we have to do is get the federal government out of it. We don't need a federal abortion police. That's the last thing that we need.

(Applause)

But for the ...

Cooper Should a woman be charged with a crime?

LOSER Pardon me?

Cooper Should a woman be charged with a crime?

LOSER I don't personally think so. I'm an O.B. doctor, and I practiced medicine for 30 years, and I of course never saw one time when a medically necessary abortion had to be done.

But so I think it certainly is a crime. But I also understand the difficulties. I think when you're talking about third trimester deliberate abortion and partial birth abortions, I mean, there has to be a criminal penalty for the person that's committing that crime. But I really think it's the person who commits the crime. And I think that is the abortionist.

Cooper So you're saying a doctor should be punished.

What sort of punishment should they get?

LOSER Well, I think it's up to the states. I'm not in the state -- I'm not running for governor. And I think it's different, and I don't think it should be all 50 states the same way. So, I don't think that should be up to the president to decide that.

Cooper Senator Thompson?

LOSER Yes. The young lady's question is...

(Applause)

... the young lady's question is premised on if abortion becomes illegal. That presumes Roe v. Wade is overturned, which I think should be our number one focus right now. And that has to do with the kind of Supreme Court justices we put on the bench.

(Applause)

I'm getting there. I'm getting there.

That would mean that it goes back to the states, and then the states would have to outlaw it at an earlier stage than they outlaw it now. Then the question would be, who gets penalized and what should the penalty be.

I think it should be fashioned along the same lines it is now. Most states have abortion laws pertain and prohibit abortion after viability. It goes to the doctor performing the abortion, not the girl, or the young girl, or her parents, whoever it might be. I think that same pattern needs to be followed. It could just be moved up earlier, or much earlier in the process if the state so determined.

Cooper Another question.

Questioner Hello, my name is AJ. I'm from Millstone, New Jersey. I would all of the candidates to give an answer on this. If hypothetically, Roe v. Wade was overturned, and the Congress passed a federal ban on all abortions and it came to your desk, would you sign it? Yes or no?

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER If Congress passed a ban on all abortions throughout the United States?

Cooper If Roe v. Wade was overturned and Congress passed a federal ban on all abortions and it came to your desk, would you sign it, yes or no?

LOSER I probably would not sign it. I would leave it to the states to make that decision.

(Applause)

I think that that -- the problem with Roe against Wade is that it took the decision away from the states. If Roe against Wade were overturned because it was poorly decided, if the justices decide that, it would them go back to the states, and it would seem to me that that would be the answer.

The answer is that each state would make a different decision. I don't believe, in the circumstance that you asked before, that it should be criminalized. I think that would be a mistake unless we're talking about partial birth abortion or late-term abortion.

I think you should have parental consent. I think we should have access to adoptions instead of abortion. But, ultimately, I think these decisions should be made on a state-by-state basis.

Cooper Governor Romney?

LOSER I agree with Senator Thompson, which is we should overturn Roe v. Wade and return these issues to the states.

I would welcome a circumstance where there was such a consensus in this country that we said, we don't want to have abortion in this country at all, period. That would be wonderful. I'd be delighted.

Cooper The question is Would you sign that bill?

LOSER Let me say it. I'd be delighted to sign that bill. But that's not where we are. That's not where America is today. Where America is is ready to overturn Roe v. Wade and return to the states that authority. But if the Congress got there, we had that kind of consensus in that country, terrific.

Cooper All right. The next question is for Governor Huckabee. Let's listen.

Tyler Overman Hi. This is Tyler Overman from Memphis, Tennessee. And I have a quick question for those of you who would call yourselves Christian conservatives. The death penalty, what would Jesus do?

Cooper Governor Huckabee?

Huckabee You know, one of the toughest challenges that I ever faced as a governor was carrying out the death penalty. I did it more than any other governor ever had to do it in my state. As I look on this stage, I'm pretty sure that I'm the only person on this stage that's ever had to actually do it.

Let me tell you, it was the toughest decision I ever made as a human-being. I read every page of every document of every case that ever came before me, because it was the one decision that came to my desk that, once I made it, was irrevocable.

Every other decision, somebody else could go back and overturn, could fix if it was a mistake. That was one that was irrevocable.

I believe there is a place for a death penalty. Some crimes are so heinous, so horrible that the only response that we, as a civilized nation, have for a most uncivil action is not only to try to deter that person from ever committing that crime again, but also as a warning to others that some crimes truly are beyond any other capacity for us to fix.

(Applause)

Now, having said that, there are those who say, "How can you be pro-life and believe in the death penalty?"

Because there's a real difference between the process of adjudication, where a person is deemed guilty after a thorough judicial process and is put to death by all of us, as citizens, under a law, as opposed to an individual making a decision to terminate a life that has never been deemed guilty because the life never was given a chance to even exist.

Cooper Governor?

Huckabee That's the fundamental difference.

(Applause)

Cooper I do have to though press the question, which -- the question was, from the viewer was? What would Jesus do? Would Jesus support the death penalty?

Huckabee Jesus was too smart to ever run for public office, Anderson. That's what Jesus would do.

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Tancredo, 30 seconds.

LOSER The question is What would Jesus do? Well, I'll tell you this. I would pray to him for the wisdom and the courage to do the right thing. And I believe that with prayer, he would give it to me.

And I believe that justice was done in the situations that the governor has explained. And, as I say, I look to him for guidance in all those kinds of situations.

Cooper Time. A similar question. Let's watch.

Joseph I am Joseph. I am from Dallas, Texas, and how you answer this question will tell us everything we need to know about you. Do you believe every word of this book? Specifically, this book that I am holding in my hand, do you believe this book?

Cooper I think we've got a question.

Mayor Giuliani?

Huckabee Do I need to help you out, Mayor, on this one?

(Laughter)

(Applause)

LOSER Wait a second, you're the minister. You're going to help me out on this one.

Huckabee I'm trying to help you out.

LOSER OK. The reality is, I believe it, but I don't believe it's necessarily literally true in every single respect.LOSER I think there are parts of the Bible that are interpretive. I think there are parts of the Bible that are allegorical. I think there are parts of the Bible that are meant to be interpreted in a modern context.

So, yes, I believe it. I think it's the great book ever written. I read it frequently. I read it very frequently when I've gone through the bigger crises in my life, and I find great wisdom in it, and it does define to a very large extent my faith. But I don't believe every single thing in the literal sense of Jonah being in the belly of the whale, or, you know, there are some things in it that I think were put there as allegorical.

Cooper Governor Romney?

LOSER I believe the Bible is the word of God, absolutely. And I try...

(Applause)

... I try to live by it as well as I can, but I miss in a lot of ways. But it's a guide for my life and for hundreds of millions, billions of people around the world. I believe in the Bible.

Cooper Does that mean you believe every word?

LOSER You know -- yes, I believe it's the word of God, the Bible is the word of God.

The Bible is the word of God. I mean, I might interpret the word differently than you interpret the word, but I read the Bible and I believe the Bible is the word of God. I don't disagree with the Bible. I try to live by it.

Cooper Governor Huckabee?

Huckabee Sure. I believe the Bible is exactly what it is. It's the word of revelation to us from God himself.

(Applause)

And the fact is that when people ask do we believe all of it, you either believe it or you don't believe it. But in the greater sense, I think what the question tried to make us feel like was that, well, if you believe the part that says "Go and pluck out your eye," well, none of us believe that we ought to go pluck out our eye. That obviously is allegorical.

But the Bible has some messages that nobody really can confuse and really not left up to interpretation. "Love your neighbor as yourself."

And as much as you've done it to the least of these brethren, you've done it unto me. Until we get those simple, real easy things right, I'm not sure we ought to spend a whole lot of time fighting over the other parts that are a little bit complicated.

And as the only person here on the stage with a theology degree, there are parts of it I don't fully comprehend and understand, because the Bible is a revelation of an infinite god, and no finite person is ever going to fully understand it. If they do, their god is too small.

Cooper We've got a lot more coming up. We're going to take a short break, and as we go to the break, we'll watch a video, this time from the campaign of Governor Romney.

(Begin videotape)

Announcer It's an election like no other. An enemy lurks, waiting to strike. Our Main Street economy is competing with mainland China. Legal versus illegal doesn't seem to matter. Basic values like marriage are suddenly open to debate.

For these challenges, ordinary isn't good enough. We need the leader who gets the big stuff done. Take charge, demand results, no excuses. Mitt Romney, the right experience, the right values, the right time.

LOSER I'm Mitt Romney, and I approve this message.

(End videotape)

(Commercial break)

(Begin videotape)

Announcer As mayor of New York, Rudy Giuliani faced unheard of challenges runaway taxes, out of control crime, and, of course, the city's nemesis, King Kong.

Yet, Rudy prevailed. Crime down by half, taxes cut, and annual snowfall dramatically reduced.

Time called Rudy person of the year. Newsweek -- the new mayor of America. And when asked, Hillary Clinton called him -- but she probably planted the question.

(End videotape)

(Laughter)

(Applause)

Cooper That was the campaign commercial by the Giuliani campaign. Obviously, we are playing these commercials all throughout this two-hour debate.

Let's go to our next topic, which is foreign policy.

Our first question

Yasmin Good evening, gentlemen. My name is Yasmin and I hail from Huntsville, Alabama.

My question has to do with the current crisis in Iraq, as well as the U.S. efforts in Afghanistan.

After living abroad, personally, in the Middle East for a year, I realized just how much damage the Iraq war and the perception of invasion has done to the image of America. What would you do as president to repair the image of America in the eyes of the Muslim world?

Cooper Mayor Giuliani, 90 seconds?

LOSER Well, the most important thing to do is to make certain we remain on offense against Islamic terrorism.

(Applause)

And then make it clear that what that means is this is a small group of people, Islamic terrorists, who have defiled a great religion, that the vast majority of people who are Islamic, the vast majority of people who are Arabs, the vast majority of people living in these countries are good people. We should be trading with them. We should have contact with them. We should expand our contacts with them. We should have cultural exchanges with them.

The night of September 11th, 2001, when we were beginning to recover -- or, not really recover, but maybe just first catch our breath after the attack of September 11th, you'll see one of the first things I said was I said to the people of my city and then probably to the people of America that we should not engage in group blame.

We shouldn't do the thing that we're being attacked for. We shouldn't blame an entire group of people for the horrible acts of a few people who have distorted a great religion. They have turned it into an ideology of hatred and an ideology of violence.

By the same token, we can't do what the Democrats do. We can't put our head in the sand. You've got a Democratic debate and not a single one of those Democratic candidates used the word "Islamic terrorism." I don't know who they think they're offending. The people they're offending are the people we want to offend -- the Islamic terrorists ...

(Applause)

... and not decent people like Yasmin. We are intelligent enough and good enough as Americans to make this distinction.

Cooper Senator McCain?

WINNER Well, I would do a lot of things, but the first and most important and vital element is to continue this surge which is succeeding and we are winning the war in Iraq.

(Applause)

That's the first thing I would do. I would make sure that we do what we can to help reconstruct the country, to help the Maliki government move forward as rapidly as possible to train the police.

But I'll tell you one other thing we're -- I'm going to do, is we're going to fight back the Democrats' efforts to set a date for withdrawal which is a date for surrender.

(Applause)

Now, my friends, I'm the only one on this stage -- I'm the only one on this stage -- that said that the Rumsfeld strategy was failing and was doomed to failure. I'm the only one on this stage that said we've got to have a new strategy, and that's the strategy we're employing now.

And I got a lot of heat when I said that that strategy was failing and it had to be changed, because I've had the experience and the background and the knowledge of every national security issue we've faced in the last 20 years.

And I'm telling you, that if we continue this strategy, we can succeed. And if we had done what the Democrats said to do six months ago, Al Qaida would be telling the word they beat America.

Cooper Time.

WINNER There's a lot at stake here, my friends, and thank God for the young men and women who are sending the message I repeat to you again, after having been there over Thanksgiving weekend, let me win, let us win.

(Applause)

Cooper Thirty seconds, Congressman Hunter. The question is, how do you repair the image of America in the Muslim world?

LOSER Cooper, Cooper, very simply, to the critics of America I would say this. When you were faced with disease and starvation, the Americans brought food and medicine. When you had earthquakes and tsunamis and floods, the Americans came and helped you. And when you were threatened from outside, the Americans left the safety of their own homes to come and defend you.

I will never apologize for the United States of America.

(Applause)

Cooper Our next question -- our next question comes from Seattle, Washington.

Andrew Jones Hello, gentlemen. I'm Andrew, and I'm a college student from Seattle, Washington.

Recently, Senator McCain has come out strongly against using waterboarding as an instrument of interrogation.

My question for the rest of you is, considering that Mr. McCain is the only one with any firsthand knowledge on the subject, how can those of you sharing the stage with him disagree with his position?

Cooper Governor Romney?

LOSER Well, he certainly is an expert and I certainly would want to get his counsel on a matter of this nature, but I do not believe that as a presidential candidate, it is wise for us to describe precisely what techniques we will use in interrogating people.

I oppose torture. I would not be in favor of torture in any way, shape or form.

Cooper Is waterboarding torture?

LOSER And as I just said, as a presidential candidate, I don't think it's wise for us to describe specifically which measures we would and would not use.

And that is something which I would want to receive the counsel not only of Senator McCain, but of a lot of other people.

And there are people who, for many, many years get the information we need to make sure that we protect our country.

And, by the way, I want to make sure these folks are kept at Guantanamo. I don't want the people that are carrying out attacks on this country to be brought into our jail system and be given legal representation in this country. I want to make sure that what happened ...

(Applause)

... to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed happens to other people who are terrorists. He was captured. He was the so-called mastermind of the 9/11 tragedy. And he turned to his captors and he said, "I'll see you in New York with my lawyers." I presume ACLU lawyers.

(Laughter)

Well, that's not what happened. He went to Guantanamo and he met G.I.s and CIA interrogators. And that's just exactly how it ought to be.

(Applause)

Cooper Senator McCain?

(Crosstalk)

LOSER There were reports Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded.

WINNER Well, governor, I'm astonished that you haven't found out what waterboarding is.

LOSER I know what waterboarding is, Senator.

WINNER Then I am astonished that you would think such a -- such a torture would be inflicted on anyone in our -- who we are held captive and anyone could believe that that's not torture. It's in violation of the Geneva Convention. It's in violation of existing law...

(Applause)

And, governor, let me tell you, if we're going to get the high ground in this world and we're going to be the America that we have cherished and loved for more than 200 years. We're not going to torture people.

We're not going to do what Pol Pot did. We're not going to do what's being done to Burmese monks as we speak. I suggest that you talk to retired military officers and active duty military officers like Colin Powell and others, and how in the world anybody could think that that kind of thing could be inflicted by Americans on people who are held in our custody is absolutely beyond me.

Cooper Governor Romney, 30 seconds to respond.

(Applause)

LOSER Senator McCain, I appreciate your strong response, and you have the credentials upon which to make that response. I did not say and I do not say that I'm in favor of torture.

I am not. I'm not going to specify the specific means of what is and what is not torture so that the people that we capture will know what things we're able to do and what things we're not able to do. And I get that advice from Cofer Black, who is a person who was responsible for counterterrorism in the CIA for some 35 years.

I get that advice by talking to former generals in our military...

Cooper Time.

LOSER ... and I don't believe it's appropriate for me, as a presidential candidate, to lay out all the issues one by one...

Cooper Time.

LOSER ... get questioned one by one Is this torture, is that torture?

Cooper Senator McCain...

LOSER And so, that's something which I'm going to take your and other people's counsel on.

Cooper Senator McCain, 30 seconds to respond.

WINNER Well, then you would have to advocate that we withdraw from the Geneva Conventions, which were for the treatment of people who were held prisoners, whether they be illegal combatants or regular prisoners of war. Because it's clear the definition of torture. It's in violation of laws we have passed.

And again, I would hope that we would understand, my friends, that life is not "24" and Jack Bauer.

Life is interrogation techniques which are humane and yet effective. And I just came back from visiting a prison in Iraq. The Army general there said that techniques under the Army Field Manual are working and working effectively, and he didn't think they need to do anything else.

My friends, this is what America is all about. This is a defining issue and, clearly, we should be able, if we want to be commander in chief of the U.S. Armed Forces, to take a definite and positive position on, and that is, we will never allow torture to take place in the United States of America.

(Applause)

Cooper Staying on this issue, let's watch.

Buzz Brockway Hello. My name is Buzz Brockway from Lawrenceville, Georgia. All the talk about the war in Iraq centers around how quickly we can get out. I think that's the wrong question. We need to make a permanent or long-term military commitment to the region.

By staying in Iraq, we provide long-term stability to the region, we provide support for our allies, and we act as a deterrent to the trouble-makers in the region. Which presidential candidate will make a permanent of long-term military commitment to the people of Iraq?

Thank you.

Cooper Senator Thompson?

LOSER We shouldn't be in there longer than necessary, and we don't know how long that will be. But we should be there absolutely as long as it takes to complete our mission there. It will make for a safer United States of America.

We're all focused, understandably, on Iraq and Afghanistan right now, but it is part of a much bigger picture. Islamic terrorism has declared war on us and Western civilization. They would like nothing better than to kill millions of people as they bring us down. They would like to be able to advertise to young radicals around the world that, "You, too, could help bring down the United States of America."

Iran is waiting there to fill that vacuum. You think $90, $100 a barrel is high for oil now, wait until that happens.

But more importantly, it would make for a less secure United States of America. We have to do what's necessary. We have to take the opportunity that we have now.

John's absolutely right. What's going on there is progress; it's called progress.

Too many people in this country are vested in a scenario of defeat. I'm vested in a scenario of victory and I see it happening there in Iraq today.

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Paul, 30 seconds.

LOSER The best commitment we can make to the Iraqi people is to give them their country back. That's the most important thing that we can do.

(Applause)

Already, part of their country has been taken back. In the south, they claim the surge has worked, but the surge really hasn't worked. There's less violence, but al-Sadr has essentially won in the south.

The British are leaving. The brigade of Al Sadr now is in charge, so they are getting their country back. They're in charge up north -- the Shia -- the people in the north are in charge, as well, and there's no violence up there or nearly as much.

So, let the people have their country back again. Just think of the cleaning up of the mess after we left Vietnam. Vietnam now is a friend of ours -- we trade with them, the president comes here.

What we achieved in peace was unachievable in 20 years of the French and the Americans being in Vietnam.

So it's time for us to take care of America first.

(Applause)

Cooper Senator McCain?

WINNER Well, let me remind you, Congressman, we never lost a battle in Vietnam. It was American public opinion that forced us to lose that conflict.

(Applause)

I think it's important for all Americans to understand the fundamental difference. After we left Vietnam, they didn't want to follow us home. They wanted to build their own workers' paradise. If you read Zarqawi, if you read bin Laden, if you read Zawahiri, read what they say. They want to follow us home. They want Iraq to be a base for Al Qaida to launch attacks against the United States. Their ultimate destination is not Iraq.

Their ultimate destination is New York City, Washington, D.C., Chicago and Phoenix, Arizona. This is a transcendent challenge of our time.

(Audience booing)

WINNER I believe that we can meet it and we will defeat it.

(Applause)

Cooper Congressman Paul, I know -- we'll get everyone in on this. Congressman Paul, just wanted to allow you to respond.

LOSER Shortly after the Vietnam War ended, Colonel Tu and Colonel Summers met, and they were talking about this. And our -- and the American colonel said, "You know, we never lost one battle." And Colonel Tu, the Vietnamese says, "Yes, but that's irrelevant."

And it is irrelevant. But we have to realize why they want to come here. Wolfowitz even admitted that one of the major reasons that the Al Qaida was organized and energized was because of our military base in Saudi Arabia.

He says, "Oh, now, we can take the base away." He understood why they came here. They come here because we're occupying their country, just as we would object if they occupied our country.

(Audience booing)

Cooper Well, it's Congressman Tancredo. And we're running short on time. So, please, let's try to get to these.

You have 30 seconds.

LOSER I wish that we lived in the world that Ron is describing -- I wish that we lived in a world where we did not have to worry. By simply removing our forces, we would be safe.

Unfortunately, Ron, honest to God, I don't believe that that is the case. We are living in a world where we are threatened. It is radical Islam.

(Applause)

It is -- the ideology, the political and religious ideology of radical Islam is a threat to America, and it would be a threat to America if we never had a single person serving anywhere outside this country.

Cooper We've got another question for Mayor Giuliani.

Sam Garcia Hi. My name is Sam Garcia.

I'm from Colorado Springs, Colorado. The following question is for Rudy Giuliani. Mr. Giuliani, a while back, a friend and I were having a discussion about you and some of the other Republican candidates.

He blatantly made this statement somewhere along the line Rudy Giuliani is using September 11, 2001, to propel himself into the White House. My question to you is How do you respond to this accusation and other accusations similar to it?

Cooper Ninety seconds.

LOSER Sam, what I say is, I would like people to look at my whole record. Long before September 11, 2001, I was the third-ranking official in the Reagan justice department.

During that period of time, I actually did something about illegal immigration. I played a large part in stopping the Haitian illegal immigration into south Florida. I negotiated the agreement with the Haitian government that allowed us to put a Coast Guard cutter in the waters outside Port-au-Prince, as well as the legal agreements that were necessary to do the examinations there.

And this terrible problem that was going on that was also leading to the loss of life was ended, or at least ameliorated tremendously.

I was United States attorney in the Southern District of New York. I prosecuted thousands of organized crimes figures. I prosecuted Sicilian Mafia members, never done before in an American court.

I was mayor of a city that was described as one of the greatest turnarounds of any city in the history of America. George Will said I ran the most conservative government in this country, most successful conservative government in this country in the last 50 or 60 years. This is all before September 11th, 2001. I reduced taxes. I reduced spending. I reduced welfare. I reduced abortions, increased adoptions.

These are all things that I did before September 11, 2001. And the reason that I believe I'm qualified to be president of the United States is not because of September 11th, 2001. It's because I've been tested. I've been tested in a way in which I ran the third-largest government in this country, the 17th-largest economy in the world, and I got very, very remarkable results.

And that is the evaluation of other people, not me.

Cooper All right. We've got a question ...

(Applause)

Definitely a reminder this is a YouTube/CNN debate. Let's watch.

Nick Anderson as Dick Cheney cartoon character Yes. Will you grant your vice president as much power and influence as I've had?

And remember, before you answer, I'm watching you.

(Laughter)

Cooper Funny video, serious question.

Senator Thompson, would you have a vice president ...

LOSER First of all, I'm greatly relieved. For a second there, I thought that was me.



Cooper The power of the vice president.

LOSER I think that the vice president, of course, has a dual role. He has a place in the executive branch of government. He also presides over the Senate, so he has a place in the legislative branch also.

But a vice president ought to be chosen, basically, on his ability to serve as president of the United States, if that situation were called for.

Therefore, he needs to be brought into the administration. I think that a vice president ought to have substantial authority; I think especially on national security areas. Expertise in that area is especially beneficial to a president who is having to deal with all the issues a president has to deal with, but certainly some expertise either in the domestic area or the national security area.

Some legal training also might be helpful. I think one of the most important things that we're going to be facing for this next president is the selection of United States judges to the Supreme Court. So I think that all those are things that you have to take into consideration in deciding what kind of authority the vice president should have.

Basically, he should have the authority that the president gives him, and he should adhere to that authority.

Cooper Senator McCain, has this president given too much authority to the vice president?

WINNER Look, I am going to give you some straight talk. This president came to office in a time of peace, and then we found ourselves in 2001.

And he did not have as much national security experience as I do. So he had to rely more on the vice president of the United States, and that's obvious. I wouldn't have to do that. I might have to rely on a vice president that I select on some other issues. He may have more expertise in telecommunications, on information technology, which is the future of this nation's economy. He may have more expertise in a lot of areas.

But I would rely on a vice president of the United States -- but was Fred said, the primary responsibility is to select one who will immediately take your place is necessary. But the vice president of the United States is a key and important issue, and must add in carrying out the responsibilities of the president of the United States.

Cooper We've got a short break, our last break of the debate. We'll watch a video, this one from the Hunter campaign, as we go to break.

(Begin videotape)

Gen. Chuck Yeager (USAF, Ret.) Yes, I'm General Chuck Yeager, retired Air Force, and I support Duncan Hunter for president of the United States.

Announcer Duncan Hunter -- he built the border fence between California and Mexico. As chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, he kept our military strong and kept defense jobs in America. And when liberal judges tried to take down the Veterans' Memorial, Duncan Hunter's bill saved it.

For a real conservative for president, join our team now. Gohunter08.com.

LOSER I'm Duncan Hunter, and I approved this message.

(End video clip)

(Commercial break)

(Begin videotape)

Huckabee Faith doesn't just influence me. It really defines me. I don't have to wake up every day wondering what do I need to believe?

Let us never sacrifice our principles for anybody's politics. Not now, not ever.

I believe life begins at conception.

We believe in some things. We stand by those things. We live or die by those things.

I'm Mike Huckabee, and I approve this message.

(End video clip)

Cooper A campaign commercial from the Huckabee campaign. 1100 tonight eastern time on CNN Campbell Brown has a one-hour special, a "Broken Government" special called "Campaign Special."

It's about attack ads. It's an interesting show starting at 1100 East Coast time tonight.

All right, let's get back to the debate. Another question from a YouTube viewer. Let's watch.

Brigadier Gen. Keith Kerr (Ret.) My name's Keith Kerr, from Santa Rosa, California. I'm a retired brigadier general with 43 years of service. And I'm a graduate of the Special Forces Officer Course, the Commanding General Staff Course and the Army War College. And I'm an openly gay man.

I want to know why you think that American men and women in uniform are not professional enough to serve with gays and lesbians.

Cooper I want to point out that Brigadier General Keith Kerr is here with us tonight. I'm glad you're here.

(Applause)

Again, the question to Congressman Hunter.

LOSER General, thanks for your service, but I believe in what Colin Powell said when he said that having openly homosexual people serving in the ranks would be bad for unit cohesion.

The reason for that, even though people point to the Israelis and point to the Brits and point to other people as having homosexuals serve, is that most Americans, most kids who leave that breakfast table and go out and serve in the military and make that corporate decision with their family, most of them are conservatives.

They have conservative values, and they have Judeo-Christian values. To force those people to work in a small tight unit with somebody who is openly homosexual goes against what they believe to be their principles, and it is their principles, is I think a disservice to them. I agree with Colin Powell that it would be bad for unit cohesion.

Cooper I want to direct this to Governor Huckabee.

Thirty seconds.

Huckabee The Uniform Code of Military Justice is probably the best rule, and it has to do with conduct. People have a right to have whatever feelings, whatever attitudes they wish, but when their conduct could put at risk the morale, or put at risk even the cohesion that Duncan Hunter spoke of, I think that's what is at issue. And that's why our policy is what it is.

Cooper Governor Romney, you said in 1994 that you looked forward to the day when gays and lesbians could serve, and I quote, "openly and honestly in our nation's military." Do you stand by that?

LOSER This isn't that time. This is not that time. We're in the middle of a war. The people who have...

Cooper Do you look forward to that time, though, one day?

LOSER I'm going to listen to the people who run the military to see what the circumstances are like. And my view is that, at this stage, this is not the time for us to make that kind of...

Cooper Is that a change in your position...

LOSER Yes, I didn't think it would work. I didn't think "don't ask/don't tell" would work. That was my -- I didn't think that would work. I thought that was a policy, when I heard about it, I laughed. I said that doesn't make any sense to me.

And you know what? It's been there now for, what, 15 years? It seems to have worked.

Cooper So, just so I'm clear, at this point, do you still look forward to a day when gays can serve openly in the military or no longer?

LOSER I look forward to hearing from the military exactly what they believe is the right way to have the right kind of cohesion and support in our troops and I listen to what they have to say.

(Audience booing)

Cooper All right. General Kerr is -- as I said -- is here.

Please stand up, General. Thank you very much for being with us.

Did you feel you got an answer to your question?

Kerr With all due respect, I did not get an answer from the candidates.

(Applause)

Cooper What do you feel you did not...

Kerr American men and women in the military are professional enough to serve with gays and lesbians.

For 42 years, I wore the army uniform on active duty, in the Reserve, and also for the state of California. I revealed I was a gay man after I retired.

Today, "don't ask/don't tell" is destructive to our military policy.

Every day, the Department of Defense discharges two people, not for misconduct, not for the unit cohesion...

Cooper Wait, the mike is -- you've lost me. Is the microphone not working? Please, just finish your -- what is your question?

Kerr Not for the unit cohesion that Congressman Hunter is talking about, but simply because they happen to be gay.

Cooper OK. Senator McCain ...

KERR And we're talking about doctors, nurses, pilots, and the surgeon who sews somebody up when they're taken from the battlefield.

Cooper I appreciate your comments.

Senator McCain, I want to give you 30 seconds. You served in the military.

WINNER General, I thank you for your service to our nation. I respect it. All the time, I talk to our military leaders, beginning with our joint chiefs of staff and the leaders in the field, such as General Petraeus and General Odierno and others who are designated leaders with the responsibility of the safety of the men and women under their command and their security and protect them as best they can.

Almost unanimously, they tell me that this present policy is working, that we have the best military in history, that we have the bravest, most professional, best prepared, and that this policy ought to be continued because it's working.

Cooper All right. We've got another question. Let's listen.

David Cercone Hi, my name is David Cercone. I'd like to ask all the candidates if they accept the support of the Log Cabin Republicans, and why should the Log Cabin Republicans support their candidacy?

Cooper Governor Huckabee, would you support -- would you allow support from the Log Cabin Republicans, a group of gay Republicans?

Huckabee You know, in my position in this entire election, I need the support of anybody and everybody I can get.

(Applause)

(Crosstalk)

Huckabee Sure, they should. I disagree with them, strongly disagree with them on the idea of same-sex marriage, but in a democracy we can have disagreements over some policies and still agree on the greater things that make us Republicans.

So would I accept their support? Of course. Would I change my position on same-sex marriage? No, I wouldn't. But if they're willing to support me, I'll be their president. I'll be anybody's president, but I'll be true to my convictions, and I think that's what Americans look for -- not someone they're going to agree with on everything, but somebody who at least has some convictions, sticks with them, can explain them, and can at least have respect for people who have different ones.

(Applause)

Cooper Another question about the local economy.

Adam Florzak This is Adam Florzak of Illinois. The national debt is now growing so quickly it will have increased by over half- million dollars in just the time it takes to ask this question. Over the years, politicians have borrowed just under $2 trillion from the Social Security trust fund to cover these massive budget deficits, and now the retirements of our generation are at risk. What will you do as president to help repay this money and restore the trust?

Cooper Senator Thompson, a lot of retirees here in Florida. Ninety seconds.

LOSER One of the things I would do for his generation is protect him from our generation.

(Applause)

He's absolutely right, we're spending his money, we're spending his children's money, and we're spending the money of kids yet to be born.

In 2017, Social Security will be in the red. Pretty soon it'll be out of money, it'll go bankrupt. In fact, our entitlement programs put together will take over the entire budget by about 2040.

So that's why I get back to the point I made earlier. All these programs that we talk about in the news every day are a thimbleful in ocean compared to the entitlement tsunami that's coming to hit us.

Now, we can do some things now, as I've proposed about Social Security, without having to really hurt anybody, and give people to invest for their future while they're still working. Or we can wait and let our grandkids or children, depending on how old they are, solve this problem that we have left them. It's not only a fiscal issue; it's a moral issue, as far as I'm concerned.

Cooper Governor McCain?

(Applause)

I'm sorry -- Governor Romney, 30 seconds.

LOSER Thank you.

That's one of the problems we face, and a big one, which is the over-spending in Washington and the debt and the obligations we have.

We also face tough new competition coming from Asia. We face global jihad, which we just talked about very briefly. We face a whole series of extraordinary problems -- over-use of oil, entitlement is out of control.

It's time for us to recognize we're going to have to take a new course in this country -- not follow Hillary Clinton off to the left; instead, to follow the pathway Ronald Reagan blazed, which is to say we're going to have a stronger America with a stronger economy and have somebody who understands how jobs come and go, who understands what propels our economy, will strengthen our economy, strengthen our military and strengthen our families.

Cooper I want to get as many of the YouTube questions in as possible.

Let's get another one here from another viewer.

Steve Nielson My name is Steve Nielson. And this question comes to you from Denver, Colorado.

JFK's vision put a man on the moon from a nonexistent space program in about seven years. The new vision for space exploration has provided about 15 years for that same feat.

Meanwhile, Congress is pulling funding for human-to-Mars research altogether.

Is there a candidate amongst you willing to take a pledge on behalf of the Mars Society of sending an American to the surface of Mars by 2020? If not, what is your vision for human space exploration?

Cooper Governor Huckabee?

NASA pumps some -- let's see, how many -- $5 billion into Florida's economy.

Huckabee Whether we ought to go to Mars is not a decision that I would want to make, but I would certainly want to make sure that we expand the space program, because every one of us who are sitting here tonight have our lives dramatically improved because there was a space program -- whether it's these screens that we see or the incredible electronics that we use, including the GPS systems that got many of you to this arena tonight.

(Laughter)

Some of you were late because you didn't have one, by the way. Or whether it's the medical technologies that saved many of our lives or the lives or our families, it's the direct result of the space program, and we need to put more money into science and technology and exploration.

Now, whether we need to send somebody to Mars, I don't know. But I'll tell you what If we do, I've got a few suggestions, and maybe Hillary could be on the first rocket to Mars.

(Laughter)

Cooper Congressman Tancredo, 30 seconds, please.

LOSER The question is a serious one and it deserves a serious answer, and that is this Look, we've been -- how many times up here, how many questions have dealt with the issue of deficit spending, the debt out of control? And yet, we have somebody saying, "But would you spend more money on going to Mars?"

And the suggestion that we need to spend more money on space exploration. This is it, folks. That's why we have such incredible problems with our debt, because everybody's trying to be everything to all people.

We can't afford some things, and by the way, going to Mars is one of them.

Cooper All right. Let's move on. Another question here from Los Angeles.

Actually, let's show -- all right.

David McMillan Hi, my name is David McMillan, and I'm from Los Angeles, California. On a variety of specific issues -- gay marriage, taxes, the death penalty, immigration, faith-based initiatives, school vouchers, school prayer -- many African Americans hold fairly conservative views.

And yet, we overwhelmingly vote Democrat in most elections. So my question to any of the Republican candidates here is, why don't we vote for you?

(Laughter)

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER We probably haven't done a good enough job as a party in pointing out that our solutions, our philosophy, is really the philosophy that would be the most attractive to the overwhelming majority of people in the African American and Hispanic community.

Whether they are upper middle class, rich, middle class or poor, the -- good education is something that everyone in all these communities and all communities want. The idea of choice in education is something that would totally turn around education in this country. It's something that large percentages of African American and Hispanic parents support. They would like to be able to choose a private school, a parochial school, a charter school, home-schooling for their children.

Instead, they have the government telling them that their child has to go to an inadequate school.

So there are many, many issues on which we can reach out. I found that one of the best was moving people off welfare. I moved 640,000 people off welfare, most of them to jobs. I change the welfare agency into a job agency, and all of a sudden I had people that had a future, people that had great hope in life.

I think the reason that crime not only declined in New York more than anyplace else, but continues to decline, is that many of those people who were hopeless 10, 12 years ago, now have hope. They have a future. They have gotten the genius of the American way of life. We haven't made it available to all people, and we have to do that.

We will be a very popular party in those communities.

Cooper Time. Governor Huckabee, 30 seconds.

(Applause)

Huckabee Well, according to your network's exit polls, some 48 percent of the African-Americans in my state did, in fact, vote for me, which is unusually high for African-Americans voting for a Republican. Here's the reason why because I asked for their vote, and I didn't wait until October of the election year to do it.

And, while I was governor, I tried to make sure that we included people not only in appointments and employment, but also in the programs that would truly make a difference, like putting disproportionate amounts of help for health problems specifically targeted to African-Americans like hypertension and AIDS and diabetes. So there's a reason. And I just want to express that our party had better reach out not just to African-Americans, but to Hispanics and to all people of this country.

I don't want to be a part of a Republican party that is a tiny, minute and ever decreasing party, but one that touches every American from top to bottom, regardless of race.

Cooper Our next question -- let's watch

(Applause)

Leroy Brooks Hello, my name is Leroy Brooks. I am from Houston, Texas and my question is for all the candidates.

Whether this flag right here represents the symbol of racism, a symbol of political ideology, a symbol of Southern heritage -- or, is it something completely different?

Cooper He's talking about the stars and bars.

Governor Romney?

LOSER Right now, with the kinds of issues we got in this country, I'm not going to get involved with a flag like that. That's not a flag that I recognize so that I would hold up in my room.

The people of our country have decided not to fly that flag. I think that's the right thing.

(Applause)

My own view is that this country can go beyond that kind of stuff, and that instead we can do as a party what we need to do, which is to reach out to all Americans.

Every time I listen to someone like John Edwards get on TV and say there are two Americans, I just want to -- I just want to throw something at the TV, because there are not two Americas. There's one America.

We are a nation united. We face extraordinary challenges right now. And Democrats dividing us and tearing down this country are doing exactly the wrong thing.

We're succeeding in Iraq. We've got tough challenges. We can overcome them. But we do not need to have that kind of divisive talk. And that flag, frankly, is divisive, and it shouldn't be shown.

Cooper Governor Thompson? Excuse me, Senator Thompson? Maybe one day.

LOSER I know that everybody who hangs the flag up in their room like that is not racist. I also know that for a great many Americans it's a symbol of racism.

So, therefore, as a public place -- he's free to do whatever he wants to in his home. As far as a public place is concerned, I am glad that people have made the decision not to display it as a prominent flag, symbolic of something, at a state capitol. As a part of a group of flags or something of that nature, you know, honoring various servicepeople at different times in different parts of the country, I think that's different.

But, as a nation, we don't need to go out of our way to be bringing up things that to certain people in our country that's bad for them.

Cooper We're running short on time. I want to get Ron Paul's video in. Let's watch.

(Begin videotape)

LOSER The people are sick and tired of what they're getting, and they want some real changes.

I don't want to run your life. We need less taxation, less regulations, a better economic system.

We were not meant to be an empire; we were meant to be a republic, protecting liberty here at home.

It's up to you to spread this message around this country. This is an American cause, it's a cause of freedom. There's something going on in this country, and it stinks. It really stinks.

(End videotape)

Cooper That's part of the Paul campaign.

Let's get to another YouTube -- YouTube question.

Dr. Hank Campbell Good evening. My name is Dr. Hank Campbell. I'm in Lake Worth, Florida. My question is our infrastructure. It's been estimated that to fix the bridges, the tunnels, the power grids, the water delivery systems in this country will be in excess of $2 trillion -- that is "t" for "trillion" -- and it is plural.

Who among the candidates here is willing to step forward and begin to articulate the very difficult sacrifices which we need to make in order to start repairing America? Thank you.

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Well, I faced a situation like this, a microcosm of it in New York City. New York City hadn't invested in infrastructure for a very, long time. I had kind of gotten through its fiscal crisis that way. We started a long-term capital investment program on the infrastructure. My predecessor started it. I continued it. I turned it over to my successor and it really has done I think remarkable work in rebuilding the infrastructure of New York. That's what America needs.

It can't be done by one president. This is something where you're going to need a succession of presidents to have a sustained program. Probably we should have budgeting that allows for -- we can't really have a capital budget under federal budgeting, but we could have a separate accounting.

So that kind of budgeting is long-term, because this is going to help America over a 20- or a 30-year period. Most of the time when we're spending money, as Senator Thompson said, we're spending the next generation's money and we shouldn't be doing that. Fiscal conservatism is about preventing that.

But when we're rebuilding our roads, rebuilding our bridges, building new bridges, rebuilding our infrastructure, that's actually going to benefit the next generation and the generation after. And there are ways to spread that out over a long period of time.

But it needs a sustained program, and it cannot be done just by the federal government. It needs to be done as a partnership with state and local governments. And I believe I'd be in a good position to lead that.

Campbell Congressman Paul, 30 seconds.

LOSER The infrastructure problem in this country is very, very serious. We as Americans are taxed to blow up the bridges overseas. We're taxed to go over and rebuild the bridges overseas while our bridges are falling down in this country.

This country is going bankrupt, and we can't afford this. We need to take care of ourselves. We do not need to sacrifice one thing more. We just need to take care of ourselves and get the government out of our lives and off our back and out of our wallets.

(Applause)

Cooper Senator McCain, 30 seconds.

WINNER First thing I'll do, my friends, is take out my veto pen and veto every single pork-barrel project that comes across my desk, and there will be no more bridges to nowhere under my administration, I promise you that. And we'll give the president of the United States the line-item veto which Rudy Giuliani opposed so that he could protect his $250 million worth of pork.

My friends, we will take the money and give it back to the states and we'll let them make these decisions, but we'll never have another pork barrel project as long as I'm capable of wielding a veto pen.

Cooper Time. We've got another question.

LOSER Anderson, may I please respond...

Cooper Go ahead, 30 seconds.

LOSER ... to the little side shot?

Cooper Thirty seconds.

LOSER The reality is that the line-item veto is unconstitutional.

Cooper Quiet.

LOSER The line-item veto is unconstitutional.

WINNER The line-item veto is constitutional.

LOSER If you are a strict -- the line-item veto is unconstitutional determined not by John McCain, but by the Supreme Court. And the Supreme Court found that the line-item veto is unconstitutional.

If I hadn't challenged that, I would not have been carrying out my fiduciary duties for the people of New York City. That was money that was illegally deprived to the people of my city. I fought for them and beat Bill Clinton. Not bad to have a Republican who can beat Bill Clinton.

(Applause)

Cooper Let's go to the next question -- it's for Ron Paul.

Mark Strauss Mark Strauss, Davenport, Iowa.

This question is for Ron Paul.

Mr. Paul, I think we both know that the Republican party is never going to give you the nomination. But I'm hoping that you're crazy like a fox like that and you're using this exposure to propel yourself into an independent run.

My question is for RonLOSER Mr. Paul, are you going to let America down by not running as an independent?

Thank you.

LOSER Now that's what I call a tough question, because I have no intention of doing this.

I am a Republican. I have won 10 times as a Republican and we're doing quite well. We had 5,000 people show up at a rally in front of the Independence Hall with blacks and Hispanics and a cross-section of this country.

You know that we raised $4.3 million in one day?

(Applause)

Without spending one cent. We didn't even pay an individual to go out and they weren't professional fund-raisers. It came in here -- it was automatic.

We're struggling to figure out how to spend the money. This is country is in a revolution. They're sick and tired of what they're getting. And I happen to be lucky enough to be part of it.

Cooper I'll take that as a no.

(Applause)

We -- unfortunately, this is our last question of the night.

Chris Krul Giuliani, can you explain why you being a lifelong Yankees fan, that this year, after the Yankees lost everything, you rooted for the Red Sox in the postseason? Can you explain that position for me?

(Applause)

Cooper Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Hey, Krul. Hey, Krul. I'm Giuliani. He's Krul. So I'll explain it to him like in Brooklyn.

I'm an American -- I'm an American League fan. I root for the American League team when they get into the World Series. I've done it for 50 years. I actually rooted for the Red Sox...

(Audience member booing)

LOSER Can't help it. I'm an American League fan. I rooted for the White Sox, the Tigers, the Red Sox.

As soon as the World Series are over, I rooted for the Yankees again. We're gonna beat you next year.

(Applause)

I unfortunately have lost a bet already, to John McCain, with the Arizona Diamondbacks, so I don't have a 100 record. But I do point out that when I was mayor of New York City, the Yankees won four world championships.

(Applause)

And -- wait, wait, wait.

I wanted to put this -- I wanted to put this in our reel, but they cut it out, so I'm going to get it in -- and since I've left being mayor of New York City, the Yankees have won none.

(Laughter)

Cooper Governor Romney, very quickly, your chance.

LOSER Eighty-seven long years. We waited 87 long years. And true suffering Red Sox fans that my family and I are, we could not have been more happy than to see the Red Sox win the World Series, except by being able to beat the Yankees when they were ahead three games to none.

And so, I have to tell you that like most Americans, we love our sports teams and we hate the Yankees.

Cooper I want to thank you all for participating tonight. I want to thank all those viewers who submitted the questions, 5,000 questions. I want to thank everyone in the audience, the Republican Party of Florida for hosting us.

Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Welcome to Orlando in the heart of central Florida. Tonight we're insight the Shingle Creek Resort, where we've turned a huge convention hall into an intimate debate stage for eight candidates and an audience of more than 3,000 people who, you'll soon notice, are raring for a lively debate.



Good evening. Our event is being sponsored by Fox News and the Republican Party of Florida. We are being seen and heard on Fox News Channel, Fox News Radio and on FoxNews.com.

Joining me at the desk tonight are my Fox News colleagues, Chris Wallace, host of Fox News Sunday, Wendell Goler, our White House correspondent, and Carl Cameron, our chief political correspondent.

Before we meet the candidates, a few words of introduction from the debate co-sponsors.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

GREER Hello, I'm Jim Greer, chairman of the Republican Party of Florida. As the part of Abraham Lincoln, Teddy Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan prepares to choose its nominee for president of the United States, Florida is honored to host tonight's Republican president debate.

It is now my privilege to introduce to you the governor of the great state of Florida, Charlie Crist.

CRIST Thank you, Chairman Greer, and good evening.

We appreciate the opportunity to bring the candidates together here in Florida for an evening of dialogue on important issues that face our state and our nation.

In Florida, we have proven that when we put problem-solving above politics, we can truly accomplish great things.

From the beautiful city of Orlando, Florida, welcome to the debate.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR And now, let's meet the candidates Congressman Tom Tancredo of Colorado, a former state legislator and currently a five- term congressman.



Congressman Ron Paul of Texas, the 1988 Libertarian Party nominee for president, who is currently serving his 10th term in Congress.



Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, who served two full terms as that state's governor and is also a Baptist minister.

MODERATOR Rudy Giuliani of New York City, former U.S. attorney and two-term mayor.



Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, most recently the governor of the Bay State and the man who ran the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics.



Fred Thompson, former assistant U.S. attorney and senator from Tennessee.

Senator John McCain of Arizona, now serving his fourth term in the Senate after two previous terms in the U.S. House.

And Congressman Duncan Hunter of California, a 14-term Congressman.

Here is the format for our debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute each. If we decide, however, that rebuttal time is needed, that will be 30 seconds.

We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time. And, if an answer runs long, candidates and everyone else will hear this sound.

MODERATOR We ask our large, and as you can tell enthusiastic, audience to please limit applause during the question and answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as possible to the candidates themselves.

Let's get started.

Chris, you are up.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, good evening. You have all been arguing at long distance over the last week or two about who was the real Republican, who was the true conservative. I hope you will all be willing to discuss this directly with each other tonight.

Mayor Giuliani, Senator Thompson says that you're soft on abortion, that you're soft on gun control, and that you've never claimed to be a conservative.

Who is more conservative you or Fred Thompson?

LOSER I can't comment on Fred. I can tell you that George Will wrote a couple of years back, toward the end of my time of being mayor of New York City, that I ran the most conservative government in the United States in the last 50 or 60 years. So I would think that was a pretty good indication of the things that he was drawing on. I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City.

LOSER I brought down taxes, $9 billion, cut them 23 times. I balanced the budget that was perennially out of balance; removed $2.3 billion surpluses -- deficits and replaced them with surpluses.

So there were many -- I drove pornography out of Times Square. There were many, many things about my governing of New York that particularly in that environment -- one of the most liberal cities in the country -- I had more success than anyone ever thought I could have with a city council that was 45 Democrats and, I think it was, six Republicans -- then it went down to five at one point.

LOSER So I think that was a pretty darn good conservative record. I think, in every case, you can always find one exception or two to someone being absolutely conservative or absolutely this or absolutely that, but I think I had a heck of a lot of conservative results.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, Senator Thompson says that you run to the left of Teddy Kennedy in 1994, that you were proudly pro-choice, as recently as 2005, and that his philosophy doesn't depend on geography.

Who is more conservative you or Fred Thompson?

LOSER You know, this is a critical time for our nation and fore our party. We have to decide which direction we're going to head. And, in my view, we're going to have to bring together the same coalition that Ronald Reagan put together; conservatives fiscally, conservatives from a military standpoint and conservatives socially.

LOSER And I believe that a candidate -- and all of us here are Republicans, all of us are trying to put together that same coalition, but it's essential that the strength of the house Ronald Reagan built is going to lead us to become the successful nation that we've always been, and our party to be successful.

Because we're not going to -- we're not going to keep Hillary Clinton out of the White House by acting like Hillary Clinton.

Now, I'm proud of my record. Not just of the words, but of the record of the governor of Massachusetts. Like Mayor Giuliani I had a tough state to be running in. I was a conservative Republican in a very Democrat state. My legislature, 85 percent Democrat. We face a $3 billion budget gap. We solved it without raising taxes, without adding debt.

We solved the problem in health care in our state not by having government take it over, the way Hillary Clinton would -- with private free-enterprise approaches.

My approach, I believe, is best for our nation.



MODERATOR Senator -- Senator Thompson, have these two guys convinced you that you're wrong and that, in fact, they are both consistent conservatives?

LOSER Well, we've got an hour and a half.

Maybe they can work on it.



But, they...



Actually, Mitt, I didn't know there was any room to the left of Ted Kennedy, but maybe there...



In fact, I didn't know there was any room to the right of him, either, but maybe...



I was conservative as soon as I put down Conscience of a Conservative when I was in the college.

I came back to a little home town of Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, started the first Young Republicans Club.

In eight years -- in eight years in the United States Senate, I fought for tax cuts, a balanced budget, and welfare reform, all of which we achieved, and I also fought for judges who would abide by the Constitution and the law and not make it up as they went along.



All that time, I compiled a 100 percent pro-life voting record. Now, both of...



They're only giving me a minute here. So both of these gentlemen have done some good things in their respective jobs they've had.

But you mentioned Mayor Giuliani first. Mayor Giuliani believes in federal funding for abortion. He believes in sanctuary cities. He's for gun control. He supported Mario Cuomo, a liberal Democrat, against a Republican who was running for governor; then opposed the governor's tax cuts when he was there.

So I simply disagree with him those issues. And he sides with Hillary Clinton on each of those issues I just mentioned.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani...

LOSER Well, look, you know...

MODERATOR ... why don't you respond to Senator Thompson?

LOSER ... well, first of all, you know, you do one of those things and -- you know, Fred has his problems, too.



I mean, Fred was the single biggest obstacle to tort reform in the United States Senate. He stood with Democrats over and over again.

He voted against $250,000 caps on damages, which they have in Texas. He voted against almost anything that would make our legal system fairer loser pays rules, things that would prevent lawsuits like that $54 million lawsuit by that guy who lost his pants -- you know?



LOSER That cost that family $100,000 in legal fees. I think the man should have to pay the family for the $100,000 that he took from them in the abusive lawsuit.



Fred Thompson, along with very few Republicans, blocked tort reform over and over and over again. That is not a conservative position.



MODERATOR Mayor, if I may -- Senator, you can have a minute to respond to Mayor Giuliani and also tell us what your beef is with Governor Romney.

LOSER You've just go a minute?

MODERATOR That's right.

LOSER OK.

MODERATOR Talk fast.

LOSER As far as tort reform is concerned, I supported tort reform with regard to securities legislation. I supported tort reform with regard to product liability legislation, things that have to do with interstate commerce. I think it appropriately passed. I supported and worked for those things.

Local issues belong at the state level. Most states have passed tort reform.



LOSER That's our system. It's not all federalized.

You know, I'd point out, as far as lawsuits are concerned, I voted for and we passed anti-sanctuary city build, outlawed them. Mayor Giuliani went to court, filed suit himself to overturn our abolition of sanctuary cities. And, fortunately, he lost.



MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, you want to respond, 30 seconds on the sanctuary city issue?

LOSER Oh, the simple fact is that New York City had a policy of allowing people who are illegal immigrants to report crime and to put their children in school. Otherwise, we reported every single illegal immigrant that committed a crime.

The results had to be pretty darn good. I brought down crime by over 60 percent in New York City. I brought down homicide by 67 percent. I had the most legal city in the country. And I took the crime capital of America and I turned it into the safest large city in the country.

The senator has never had executive responsibility. He's never had the weight of people's safety and security on his shoulders.

I have. And I think I out-performed any expectations.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, if I may -- Senator McCain, you didn't like it much when Governor Romney said recently that he spoke for the Republican wing of the Republican party.

Who's more conservative you or Mitt Romney?

WINNER I think it's pretty obvious that that statement was a paraphrase of Howard Dean's statement about the Democrat party.

The fact is, I'm running on my record as a reliable conservative of 24 years. And the indicators of that, obviously, is that I've fought wasteful spending, I have had a strong and a long relationship on national security, I've been involved in every national crisis that this nation has faced since Beirut, I understand the issues, I understand and appreciate the enormity of the challenge we face from radical Islamic extremism.

I am prepared. I am prepared. I need no on-the-job training.

I wasn't a mayor for a short period of time. I wasn't a governor for a short period of time. For 20-some years, including leading the largest squadron in the United States Navy, I led. I didn't manage for profit, I led for patriotism.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, Senator McCain suggests that you're conning people -- he has used that phrase -- with your conversions on a number of issues during this campaign.

Why is Senator McCain wrong?

LOSER Well, Senator McCain is an American hero, and I respect his service. I respect his service in government as well.



And we have some differences on some issues. But when I ran against Ted Kennedy in 1994, I knew that was going to be a big uphill climb. But let me tell you, I was fighting for issues like making sure that we would have the death penalty in our state, fighting to keep our taxes down.

LOSER I fought, as well, to secure our borders. I fought to keep the welfare bills from the 1960s that have created such a havoc in our nation, to try and get those changed.

So I was fighting against the liberal lion in perhaps the toughest state in America. And I'm pretty proud of what I was able to accomplish in that race, but nothing compares to the pride I have with the work that I was able to do as a governor.

I served for four years. My legislature was 85 percent Democrat. I fought to get English in our schools, to make sure we had English immersion. I fought to make sure we kept our taxes down. I fought for pro-growth strategies. I cut taxes.

All of us on the stage are Republican. But the question is, who will be able to build the house that Ronald Reagan built -- who will be able to strengthen that house, because that's the house that's going to build the house that Clinton, Hillary, wants to build.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you didn't think much of the answer of Governor Romney in the last debate, when he said that he would ask his lawyers whether he needed congressional authorization to use military force against Iran. Why not? t.

WINNER Because I don't think that's the time to call in the lawyers, when we're in a national security crisis. Those are the last people I'd call in.

The people I'd call in, I'd call in my wisdom, my knowledge, my background, my experience, and my ability to lead this nation.

Governor Romney, you've been spending the last year trying to fool people about your record. You can't  I don't want you to start fooling them about mine. I stand on my record. I stand on my record of a conservative  of a conservative, and I don't think you can fool the American people. I think the first thing you need is their respect, and I intend to earn their respect because they may not agree with me on a couple of issues, but they'll know I'm telling the truth, and what I believe and my steadfast positions on these issues for more than 20 years, and I know that the transcendent challenge I have the qualifications to lead, to grapple with and to emerge victorious.

I have those qualifications and I'm proud of them.



MODERATOR Senator Romney -- Governor Romney?

LOSER Don't demote me. I want to make one thing very, very clear, and that is if there were ever a question of a security threat to this country, I would act immediately to protect the interests of America and our citizens. No question about that.



Let me also note, the question is -- you properly asked it, Chris -- was What involvement would Congress have to have? Every president from the beginning of time who has had that issue has of course met with White House counsel and the attorney general and they have written opinions about the involvement of Congress. I can imagine every person on this stage would likewise apprise themselves of Congress' perspective -- excuse me, of Congress' role with those individuals.

But the decision to take our men and women to war is the most grave decision and I would do that on a very deliberate and careful basis, not a half-cocked basis. This president went to Congress.

LOSER Hillary Clinton is trying to rewrite history, that somehow he did this all by himself, going to Iraq. He went to Congress and got their support. Let's not forget that.



MODERATOR Governor, thank you very much.

Thanks you, Chris.

Carl Cameron has the second round of questions.

Carl?

CAMERON Thanks very much, Brit.

Congressman Paul, to you, on the subject of one of the core debates in the party, over social issues gay marriage.

You've been quoted as saying, Any association that's voluntary should be permissible in a free society. And you've expressed your opposition to a constitutional ban on gay marriage.

Many of your rivals on that stage disagree. Why are they wrong?

LOSER I'm afraid I haven't been able to get most of your question. I know you brought up the subject of gay marriage, but I didn't get the point of what you're saying. I can't hear it that well.

CAMERON Why are on those stage who support a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage wrong?

LOSER OK. Well, if you believe in federalism, it's better that we allow these things to be left to the state. My personal belief is that marriage is a religious ceremony.

LOSER And it should be dealt with religiously. The state really shouldn't be involved. The state, both federal and state-wise, got involved mostly for health reasons 100 years or so ago.

But this should be a religious matter. All voluntary associations, whether they're economic or social, should be protected by the law. But to amend the Constitution is totally unnecessary to define something that's already in the dictionary.

We do know what marriage is about. We don't need a new definition or argue over a definition and have an amendment to the Constitution. To me, it just seems so unnecessary to do that. It's very simply that the states should be out of that business, and the states -- I mean, the states should be able to handle this. The federal government should be out of it.

There's no need for the federal government to be involved in this. You can accomplish this without waiting five or ten or 15 years. The authority can be put in the states by mere voting in the Congress.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, among the so-called top tier candidates, you support the ban on gay marriage. What does it say that Fred Thompson, Rudy Giuliani, John McCain and Ron Paul all don't?

LOSER Well, they have a different point of view. But I've been in a state that has gay marriage, and I recognize that the consequences of gay marriage fall far beyond just the relationship between a man and a woman.

They also relate to our kids and the right of religion to be practiced freely in a society.

So, for instance, I want to make sure that our kids have a mom and a dad. I want to make sure the Catholic Church in our state, that's been banned from doing adoptions because they want the kids to go into home where there's a mom and a dad, that they can do adoptions again.

The status of marriage, if it's allowed among the same sex individuals in one state is going to spread to the entire nation. And that's why it's important to have a national standard for marriage.

And I'm committed to making sure that we reinforce the institution of marriage in this country by insisting that all states have a right to have marriage as defined as between a man and a woman; and we don't have unelected judges, liberals, standing up and saying we're going to impose same-sex marriage where it was clearly not in their state constitution.

LOSER My state's constitution was written by John Adams. It isn't there. I've looked. And in Iowa as well you've got a court saying they have to have same-sex marriage.

The people need to speak on this issue and make sure that marriage is preserved as between a man and a woman.



CAMERON Mayor Giuliani, your opposition to the constitutional amendment banning gay marriage has been fairly well known. I had an opportunity to talk to Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council this afternoon who said that in a discussion with you just in the last couple of days you informed him that if, in fact, the Defense of Marriage Act were to fail, or states began -- or states began to legalize gay marriage, you would oppose a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.

LOSER I think you said that opposite, and the first part is wrong also, Carl. I have always -- I've always had...

CAMERON You're right; my mistake.

LOSER I've always had the same position.

LOSER I do not believe under the state that we presently exist, with the Defense of Marriage Act and basically one state that has by judicial fiat created same-sex marriage -- and they're wrong, by the way; I think the governor is absolutely right -- I don't think we need a constitutional amendment at this point.

What I said to Mr. Perkins -- which I also said five years ago and have consistently said -- is if a lot of states start to do that, three, four, five, six states, where we have that kind of judicial activism, and the kind of situation the governor is talking about actually occurs, if we're dealing with a real problem, then we should have a constitutional amendment.

I did 210 weddings when I was mayor of New York City. So I have experience doing this. They were all men and women.



I hope.





LOSER You got to give me a little slack here. It was New York City, you know, but...



GIULAINI It is a religious institution, but Congressman Paul is wrong; it's a civil institution as well. That's why I did those 210 weddings, because it's also a civil institution.



CAMERON Governor Huckabee, Mayor Giuliani has argued that he is, in his private life, opposed to abortion. But as a matter of public policy, would do nothing to change the laws that keep it legal right now.

What are your views on that type of a position and as it relates both to public policy and the future of the Republican Party?

LOSER Let me begin by saying, for the first time in about nine debates, I'm kind of glad I wasn't in on the first few minutes because it was all about these guys fighting each other.



And I am more than content to let you let them fight all they want tonight, shed each other's blood and then I'll be ready to run for president because...



... I'm not interested in fighting these guys.



What I'm interested in is fighting for the American people, and I think they're looking for a presidential candidate who's not so interested in a demolition derby against the other people in his own party.

LOSER There are some real issues out there in this country we need to be fighting for on behalf of the people. Now, one of them, quite frankly, I do believe, is the sanctity of human life...



... because I do believe that it is one of the defining issues of our culture and civilization in that it expresses our understanding that every single human being in this society has intrinsic value and worth.

When our founding fathers put their signatures on the Declaration of Independence, those 56 brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen, they said that we have certain inalienable rights given to us by our creator, and among these life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, life being one of them. I still believe that.



CAMERON Senator Thompson, earlier this week, you were asked about your lobbying, years ago, for Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest abortion provider. And you were quoted as saying, That was private life, as if to dismiss the question.

CAMERON Can you explain to us what you meant by that and why...

LOSER No, I...

CAMERON ... it would make a difference?

LOSER No, what I said -- what I hope I said was that it was my private law practice, as opposed to my public service. I was a member of a firm, of counsel to a large firm. And it was their client. They asked me to do a little work on it. I made a few calls. And that was that.

Frankly, I'd forgotten about it. But they've come forward now, because I'm their worst nightmare.

After that happened, I went to the United States Senate and voted consistently against them on every bill that came up. Now they're trying to defeat me.



CAMERON Senator McCain, in recent months and years, you've described as trying to reach out and mend fences with the evangelical right (ph) and religious conservatives across the country, having criticized them in years past, particularly their leaders.

CAMERON And there's some skepticism. Many want to know today whether or not you are now reaching out and truly trying to mend those fences, or if you remain the maverick, and which is the straight talk they should believe.

WINNER Well, I don't change. I haven't changed. I think that anybody who is going to receive the nomination of their party obviously needs to appeal to and make their case to, but not pander to, all parts of the Republican Party.

I'm proud that in my life I have engaged in reconciliation with former enemies. I did that with the Vietnamese, who killed many of my friends. I did that with other adversaries from time to time. And when Rev. Falwell came to my office and said he wanted to put our differences behind us, I was more than glad to.

And I'm even more glad today that I did. I believe in reconciliation. I believe that they're an important part of our party.

WINNER I think we need to move together. We need all of us to win this election, and I think it's going to take a united party to do so.

And I hope that all elements of our party will respect the process and support the nominee of our party.



CAMERON Congressman Tancredo, recently you complained that the party had become hyphenated, that where were neo-conservatives, paleo- conservatives, compassionate-conservatives, common-sense conservatives.

Is that just a good line meant to say that a lot of the folks on this stage aren't the type of complete conservatives you think the party needs?

MODERATOR Well, you know, one thing, by being a bookend to every one of these debates you get a chance to listen...



... for a long time to everybody else talk about their positions on issues.

And every single person on this stage, certainly everyone of my colleagues, I believe, bring something very unique, very special, and certainly enormous capabilities to this whole debate and to the office that they are seeking.

MODERATOR But I must tell you, they also bring differences. And those -- it is not, I think, a sin to discuss them. I don't believe it should be something that we hold back on when we talk to the American people about what it is that actually distinguishes us.

And, yes, I do think that there are organizations that should be looked at that actually rate people for their conservative history.

And the American Taxpayers Union, for one, gives me the highest rating; the American Conservative Union, highest rating of anybody running for president of the United States; an A rating from the National Right to Life; an A rating from every organization -- every conservative organization that gives ratings to those of us who are here on this stage.

Now, those are objective. You know, there's somebody else that looks at us and says How conservative are these people really? And what we do notice is that in a primary everybody in the Republican Party, everybody runs to the right.

MODERATOR But, as time goes on, they all move to the left. And that's why people are so cynical about this process.



CAMERON Congressman Hunter?

Some pretty sensitive issues gay marriage, abortion. And Tom Tancredo with the highest rankings. Is he the right conservative? And are these issues that are -- the Republican Party is in danger of not being conservative enough and losing track and losing connection with its principles?

HUNTER Well, Carl, you've been dividing the party for the last 10 minutes, so let me -- let me say something that I think unites them.

This is a historic venue.



You know, 300 miles off this coast is a place where another party, once a great party, the Democrat Party, lost its identity. And that's when, in 1961, the Cuban freedom fighters were struggling with a toehold on the beach, trying to take back Cuba from Castro and a Democrat president with an aircraft carrier sitting a few miles offshore said we will not help the freedom fighters.

And a thousand miles away from there is El Salvador, where a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, hung tough, brought freedom to El Salvador.

HUNTER And you know something? Today, they are fighting side by side with our guys in Iraq.



We're the party of freedom.



CAMERON I'm not so sure I shouldn't get 30 seconds to rebut as to whether I'm dividing their party...

MODERATOR Well, thank you very much, Congressman Hunter.

Carl, thank you.

Wendell Goler has the next round.

Wendell?

GOLER Gentlemen, I want to ask you some questions about health care and education, which are always important issues in every presidential election.

I want to ask you to be specific and, in deference to Governor Huckabee, you don't have to beat up on each other.

Senator McCain, your plan for lowering health care costs involves switching people from employer-provided health care to policies they buy on their own. There's concern that could lead insurance companies to cherry-pick their clients.

GOLER You also want to limit the amount doctors can charge for chronic diseases, which skeptics worry could make it difficult for people with diabetes, for example, to find doctors to take care of them.

How would you deal with these two problems?

WINNER First of all, I think it is important that that will be one of the defining issues of this campaign, because we know that there will be Hillary-care resurrected. There will be efforts to raise your taxes. There will be efforts to have a single-payer big government solution by the Democrats. They've already espoused those causes. If you believe them, please take a trip to Canada or England before you decide to support such a thing.



America has the highest quality health care in the world. Our job is to preserve it. Our job is to keep the costs down. Last year, the Medicaid inflation was 10 percent. No, no program in the world can survive under that. So of course we want to remove the employer (OOTCEPLI) tax, and tax incentives, and move it to the individual. Give the individual a $2,500 refundable tax credit, a family a $5,000 tax credit.

WINNER If you need to have people in special categories such as congenital diseases, we may have to set up a fund to care for those. But the key is, make health care in America affordable and available. Don't destroy it, as the Democrats want to do.



GOLER Congressman Paul, you say that insurance companies and government programs have made health care simply unafforable. You objected so strongly to Medicaid that, as a doctor, I'm told, you simply treated patients on your own, at your own expense.

Is charity the way we should provide health care for the poor right now?

And how are you going to encourage doctors to do that -- primary care doctors to do that, when their salaries have been declining for more than a decade?

LOSER Well, we've had managed care, now, for about 35 years. It's not working, and nobody's happy with it. The doctors aren't happy. The patients aren't happy.

LOSER Nobody seems to be happy -- except the corporations, the drug companies and the HMOs.

You take care of poor people by turning the medical care back into the system, where people have some choices.

Now, we have a mess because we have -- a lot of people are very dependent on health care. But I have the only way we can afford to take care of people now, because we're going broke, with $500 billion going to debt every single year. And we have a foreign policy that is draining us.

I say, take care of these poor people. I'm not against that. But save the money someplace. The only place available for us to save it is to change our attitude about running a world empire and bankrupting this country. We can take care of the poor people, save money and actually cut some of our deficit.

So you don't have to throw anybody out in the street, but long term you have move toward the marketplace. You cannot expect socialized medicine of the Hillary brand to work.

And you can't expect the managed care system that we have today, which promotes and benefits and rewards the corporations -- because it's the drug companies and the HMOs and even the AMA that comes to us and lobbies us for this managed care, and that's why the prices are high.

LOSER It's only in medicine that technology has raised prices rather than lowering prices.



GOLER Governor Romney, we have an e-mailed question from Kendrick of Oakland, California, who says the health care plan you left in Massachusetts, which required people to get their own insurance, amounts to Hillary Care. You say it was the result of a Democratic legislature.

I want to ask you If a Democratic Congress placed such a plan on your desk in the Oval Office, would you sign it? And why was the plan good for Massachusetts and not good for the nation?

LOSER First of all, I'm not going to give the Democratic legislature credit for the plan that I helped build. So, I want to let you know I'm very proud of what we did in Massachusetts, and I think it's a model that other states can adopt in some respects.

But let me tell you something about our plan. It's different than Hillary Clinton's in a lot of important ways. But one thing that I'm happy about is that Republicans are talking about health care. This isn't a Democrat issue. It's a Republican issue.

LOSER For Democrats, they want to have government take it over. And I don't want to have the guys who did the cleanup at Katrina taking responsibility for health care in this country.

The right answer...



The right answer is to get people insured, all of our citizens insured so they don't have to worry about losing their insurance if they change jobs or have a preexisting condition.

But Hillary says the federal government's going to tell you what kind of insurance, and it's all government insurance. And I say no, let the states create their own plans, and instead of government insurance, private, market-based insurance.

Hillary's plan costs an extra $110 billion. My plan doesn't cost any additional money. We use the money we're already speaking, we just use it a good deal more wisely.

And the real question here is, are we going to talk about health care and get everybody insured with private insurance? Absolutely. Because the alternative is unthinkable. As P.J. O'Rourke said, if you think health care's expensive now, just wait until it's free. We're not going Hillary's way.



GOLER Governor, I think one of the aspects of your plan required individuals to provide their own health insurance, and I think Congressman Hunter wants to talk to you about that.

HUNTER Yes. Wendell, I think the governor's plan goes in exactly the wrong direction, because while it allows for private health insurance, it has lots of mandates.

He has a good piece of those 1,000 or so mandates that drive up the cost of health care. That means that every single plan in the governor's state has to have certain things.

HUNTER It's got to have, for example, fertility coverage. Well, what if you're 90 years old? We may appreciate Governor Romney's optimism...



... but you may not need fertility coverage.

Those 1,000 mandates that we have throughout the States, where we do have mandated health insurance plans, is driving up the cost of health care by about 35 percent. We need freedom. We need to allow people to buy their health care across state lines. That will bring down the cost of health care.



LOSER Oh, I've got to respond to that.

GOLER Briefly, Governor.

LOSER We took as many mandates out as we could in our policies. And the legislature kept some there. I tried to take them all out; they put some back in. It was a compromise. They put some mandates there.

But, let me tell you how many we got out. The price of the premium for an individual, 42 years old, in Boston, used to $350 a month. Now, it's $180. We basically cut it in half by deregulating.

LOSER Congressman, you're absolutely right that taking regulation out of insurance brings the price down, and that's why my plan would go state by state, deregulate them so we can get the cost of premiums down. But it is unacceptable to keep talking about this and still have 47 million people without health insurance. We got the job done. This is the first state in America that is on track to have everybody insured. Half of my uninsured are now insured, and I am proud of what we've done.



GOLER Governor Huckabee has wanted to say something for a couple of minutes now, and I get the sense he doesn't think you got enough regulations removed.

Governor?

LOSER First of all, we don't have a health care system. We have a health care maze. And we don't have a health care crisis. We have a health crisis. Eighty percent of the $2 trillion we spend on health care in this country is spent on chronic disease. If we don't change the health of this nation by focusing on prevention, we're never going to catch up with the costs no matter what plan we have.



LOSER The reality is it's a health crisis, and I would further say that one of the challenges we face is that a lot of the Democrats want to turn it over to the government, while the Republicans want to turn it over completely to the private insurance companies.

I think the better idea is to turn it over to each individual consumer and let him or her make that choice. I trust me a lot more than I trust government or a lot more than I trust the insurance companies.

And we've got a situation with 10,000 baby boomers a day signing up for Social Security, going into the Medicare system. And I just want to remind everybody when all the old hippies find out that they get free drugs, just wait until what that's going to cost out there.

 

GOLER Congressman Tancredo, your health care plans seems intended to show how tough you would be on illegal immigration.

Your concerns involve the illegal immigrants using our hospital emergency rooms. The RAND Corporation says that illegal immigrants account for about 1.5 percent of the nation's health care costs.

You also want to import cheaper drugs, prescription drugs from Canada, though the president says there would be no way to regulate them.

Where is your help for the nearly 50 million Americans who don't have health insurance?

MODERATOR One of the most interesting parts of this debate about health care is the fact that we continually talk about the federal government's role in it.

We should actually be debating that specific point, not what kind of government program. You know, Michael Moore went to Cuba not too long ago, and wrote this documentary about the greatness of the system, how wonderful it was to be in Cuba and have a socialized medical system.

You notice, however, that Michael Moore came back to the United States.





Now, there's a reason that he did that, of course. It's because we have the best system in the world. And why? It's because we do rely more on individuals than not.

MODERATOR Really and truly, it's a fascinating thing to think about this, that we have moved all the way to the point of simply debating what kind of federal plan we might have rather than debating what's the constitutional right of the federal government to get involved in this particular issue. That's a challenge I think we all have to accept.



Now, if there's a federal role, I completely accept the idea of giving people the greater opportunity -- individual opportunity to use health savings accounts. Why? Because that takes individuals. They become the consumer in the marketplace dealing directly with the provider.

That's called a marketplace. That will drive down the costs. Get the federal government -- don't even talk about our responsibilities, because they always -- gives people the option to think that there is -- naturally the federal government should be involved. It shouldn't.



GOLER Senator Thompson, you voted in favor of the No Child Left Behind law, though critics warned that it was too intrusive, too bureaucratic. They also warned that teachers would teach to the test.

LOSER Yes.

GOLER Now you say all those things are true.

GOLER Was your vote a mistake, and how would you change No Child to correct those problems?

LOSER Yeah. I did vote for it, and some of those critics were right. And some of us were wrong. What has happened is that, indeed, states have taught to the test. We've not gotten the transparency and the accountability that we thought we were getting.

I like the idea of testing. (inaudible) it can't be like Lake Wobegon, where all the children are above average, you know. Everybody's, you know, making 90 on the test, you're not learning very much.

I think what we need to do is realize the proper role of the federal government. The federal government only is responsible for about 8 percent of what is spent. We need to concentrate on helping the states, making sure that 8 percent is spent wisely.

LOSER But there are a lot of good things going on at the state level, you know, in terms of free markets, in terms of competition, and the things that work in the rest of our society, vouchers, charter schools, things of that nature.

States ought to be allowed to experiment and do the things that they know best at the state and local level.

And we can't lay all this at the feet of any government. We have to accept some hard truths. Part of the problem in our education system and with our children has to do with the societal breakdown that's going on in this country. We need more fathers to stay and raise their kids.



GOLER Mayor Giuliani, most people agree that you helped New York's crime problem and its economy, but you met your match with the schools.

LOSER I couldn't get that. I'm sorry, Wendell.

GOLER You met your match with the city school system.

You said that the school system was, quote, No good and beyond redemption ; that it was, quote, dysfunctional and should be blown up.

 

GOLER A lot of teachers, frankly, hated you, sir.

The No Child Bill has already alienated a lot of the nation's teachers. Why are you the person to bring them back in the fold and how would you do it?

LOSER Well, I mean, because what we need is choice. I'll give you a -- probably...

GOLER That's going to bring back public school teachers?

LOSER Well, I'm actually -- I love teachers. I think teachers are wonderful. There are great ones, there are average ones and there are bad ones, but I really care about the kids more. Sorry, Wendell.



And I just want to tell you a little story, because this is the thing that made me feel very strongly about choice. There was a school scholarship program about 1996, '97 -- they offered 2,500 scholarships to parents of public school children in New York City if they wanted to send their child to a private school, a parochial school, a charter school.

LOSER We had 168,000 applications by those parents. We had to turn most of them down. We had to tell them because they don't have enough money, they couldn't put the child in the school of their choice.

It seems to me the thing that's wrong right at the core of No Child Left Behind is the enforcer of standards should not be the bureaucrat in Washington or on the board of education. It should be the parent. We should have choice. We should empower parents. They should decide -- private school, parochial school, public school, charter school, home school.



That will give the parents the kind of control over their children's education. They understand their children better. Why should a government bureaucrat be sending 168,000 children to failing schools when parents think they can do better for their children? I think it's the single biggest civil rights issue that we face in the 21st century.



MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, thank you very much.

Candidates, it is time for a break. Coming up, how will these candidates run against the Democrats' front-running Senator Hillary Clinton? We will find out live from the Shingle Creek Resort in Orlando, Florida, right after these messages.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we're back in Orlando with the Republicans running for their party's presidential nomination. Our debates continues with more questions from Chris Wallace.

Chris?

MODERATOR Gentlemen, you all have a couple of things in common. You all seem to be planning to run against Hillary Clinton in the general election and at this point all of you -- I repeat all of you -- are losing to her in the polls. So let's talk about how you intend to beat her.

Governor Romney, you trail Clinton by 12 points in the latest Fox News/Opinion Dynamics poll. You have compared Clinton to Karl Marx. You say when Clinton...



... when Clinton hears about private sector, she thinks that that's a new recruit in the Army.



Is Hillary Clinton fit to be commander in chief?

AUDIENCE No!

LOSER The audience -- the audience is telling you the answer.

You know, look at the challenges that America faces right now.

LOSER And not only do we face global jihad, with all of the implications of a group of people who want to bring down our nation and free nations around the world, but you also face an emerging economic superpower in China. It's the new Asian tiger.

And China and India are coming in a remarkable way to compete for our jobs.

The idea that someone wants to be president who's never worked in the private sector is really a big question mark. I've spent 25 years in the business world, running a small business that became a large one. I've worked in 20 countries around the world, working on investments and helping manage a business and so forth.

That skill, that experience is essential. Hillary Clinton wants to run the largest enterprise in the world, the government of the United States. It employs millions of people, trillions of dollars in revenue.

LOSER She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything. And the idea that she could learn to be president, you know, as an internship just doesn't make any sense.

I have spent my life running things. I've learned how to run a business. I've learned how to run a state. I ran the Olympics. In each case, I brought change.

And if there's ever been a time we needed change in Washington to bring strength to America, it's now.

MODERATOR Governor, I'm going to give you...



MODERATOR Governor, I'm going to give you 30 more seconds. I asked you specifically is she fit to be commander in chief?

LOSER Well, I'd vote no. I'd vote no. I don't want her as commander in chief. I don't believe she has the experience in leadership and running something of the scale of our military to be the commander in chief of this nation.

If you asked me, if the ballot is put in front of anybody in this room, I think you heard what they said. The answer is, absolute -- anyone here want to vote for Hillary?

AUDIENCE No!

LOSER I agree with them.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you trail Clinton by four points in our latest Fox News/Opinion Dynamics Poll.

Governor Romney says the Republicans aren't going to beat Hillary Clinton by acting like Hillary Clinton. And the point seems to be that on a lot of the social issues, like abortion and gay rights and gun control, that there's not much difference between you and Clinton. Is there?

LOSER You got to be kidding.



You have got to be kidding.

Wait a second. There is -- there are two things I agree with Hillary Clinton on. First of all, we're both Yankee fans.



Well, wait a second. I became a Yankee fan growing up in New York. She became a Yankee fan growing up in Chicago.



Do you believe that?



Second, she made a statement last week -- and I've been very critical of her, but I want to tell her I agree with this one. Quote, Hillary Clinton, I have a million ideas; America cannot afford them all.



I'm not making it up. I am not making it up.

The transcription contains a gap at this point.

 

LOSER Thank you.



You saved us in 2000. That was a big one.



I'd also like to note, on behalf of all my Republican colleagues, we're not going to boycott Florida the way the Democrats are.



We're going to be here, campaigning for your vote.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you're running the closest to Clinton, but you still trail her by three points in our latest poll. The biggest issue between the two of you clearly is the war in Iraq.

You strongly support the troop surge. She wants to start pulling the troops out. Is that a winner for Republicans in 2008?

WINNER I don't know. And I can't be concerned. Because I know too many brave young Americans that are serving and sacrificing in Iraq, as we speak.



I would much rather lose a campaign than lose a war. And now I'm...



Let me just say that I know and respect Senator Clinton.

WINNER The debate that I have between me and her will be based on national security, on fiscal conservatism, and on social conservatism. It will be a respectful debate. That is what the American people want.

Now, one of them will be spending. I have fought against out-of- control and disgraceful spending that's been going on and I have saved the American people as much as $2 billion at one stroke.

In case you missed it, a few days ago, Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum. Now, my friends, I wasn't there. I'm sure it was a cultural and pharmaceutical event.



I was tied up at the time.



But the fact is...



WINNER My friends, no one can be president of the United States that supports projects such as these. And I believe that wasteful spending has got to be eliminated. And I will have this debate and win because she is a liberal Democrat and I am a proud, reliable, consistent conservative Republican. That's why I'll win.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, I'm sorry to say we didn't call the horse race between you and Senator Clinton, but you say that she will win next November if the Republican Party doesn't do a better job of reaching out to minorities.



Was it a mistake for some of your colleagues on this stage to skip those minority-sponsored debates?

LOSER I think it was a mistake. We need to be making sure that the Republican Party is the most inclusive party for the simple reason that our message touches more Americans and helps more people from the bottom get to the next rung on the ladder than anybody.



You know, it's interesting, the most, I guess, wonderful reaction we've had in this entire room is when Hillary's name is mentioned. It gets louder than an Aerosmith concert.



But I want to say this -- you've asked What's the difference? No matter which one of us is on this stage -- and, look, I like to be funny, let me be real honest with you. There's nothing funny about Hillary Clinton being president. Let me tell you why.



If she's president, taxes go up, health care becomes the domain of the government, spending goes out of control, our military loses its morale, and I'm not sure we'll have the courage and the will and the resolve to fight the greatest threat this country's ever faced in Islamofascism.



We've got an enemy that wants to kill every last one of us. We cannot be soft. We must be strong.

We'll sign crazy bills like the Law of the Sea Treaty and give away our sovereignty.

And that's why, with all of the fun we're going to have talking about it, there's nothing funny about Hillary being president.



MODERATOR Senator Thompson, you trail Clinton by 12 points in our latest poll.

You said the other day that Republicans don't need to worry so much about Clinton as much as they need to worry about themselves.

What do you mean by that?

LOSER Well, just what I said. Hillary is always a good applause line and almost everything everybody has said has been accurate.

If we go down that road, we're going to go down the road of higher taxes. Hillary basically says that, you know, 40 percent of the people pay about 99 percent of the taxes. Why not 30 percent of the people? Why not 20 percent of the people?

We're going to have a windfall when the tax cuts expire at the end of 2010. Let's use that money our way. We'll go down the road of power spending, where people are told, Don't worry about your kids, don't worry about the next generation, although we're clearly bankrupting them, with regard to their Social Security and Medicare expenditures.

LOSER We can't sustain it. But don't worry about that. We'll make it all up out of the rich.

The only problem with Democrats is that everybody who works for a living is rich, according to them.



They say that all we've got to do is bring the troops home, and the world will leave us alone. They're the party that insults our generals and tries our troops in the newspaper. And when they're exonerated, they're on page 15 or 20.



So what I meant was, if we stick to our basic principles, we will win next November. But we've got to remember our first principles -- the fact that what the founding fathers told us a long, long time ago, that our basic rights come from God, not from government; that we have a system of divided government, both state and local and state and federal level.

We believe in free markets. We believe in free people. We believe in free enterprise. And Americans who work hard and play by the rules have a decent chance of living the American Dream, just like I have and so many others have.

That's the things that we have to keep in mind. Let's don't get diverted onto some single individual, whoever their nominee is. They're going to lead us down the road to a comfortable mediocrity. And that's not the United States of America I grew up in.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul...



MODERATOR Congressman Paul, you're against the Iraq war. So is Senator Clinton. So what are the differences between you?

LOSER Well, there's a very big difference, and I think the American people, if we as a party realize this and understand it, 70- some percent of the people in America want the war over with. They're sick and tired of it and they want our troops to come home.

Now, Senator Clinton has nothing new to offer. She's endorsing the same policy. She said that the troops would be there for another five years, continue to build this embassy that's going to be bigger than the Vatican, continue to build 14 air bases as are going on there, these private bases going on there, and never change.

LOSER We in this party have to realize the American people are sick and tired of big government, big government overseas, an empire we can't maintain, the bankruptcy of this country, and also the attack on our personal civil liberties. We don't have privacy left anymore, and Hillary Clinton offers no solution to that, and neither does any of the Democrats. And we are not doing a very good job either.

If we don't recognize that, we don't have a chance because we need to get back to the basics, believe in the Constitution, believe in the rule of law, and not allow our government to spend endlessly and bankrupt this country.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul, thank you.

Senator Thompson, I want to go to the issue that you mentioned in passing just a couple of minutes ago, the solvency of Medicare and Social Security. You said those programs were threatened with bankruptcy. They indeed are, as countless economists have advised us. If they were to be kept in their present form, it is argued that they could swamp the private economy with unacceptable levels of taxation or would force severe benefit cuts.

MODERATOR You have stepped out on this, suggesting that we could change the indexing method for the growth of benefits in Social Security. You have said that we couldn't really afford the prescription drug bill that was passed under President Bush.

You have talked about the possibility that high-income Medicare beneficiaries would have to accept less benefits.

This is a hard area, as the president's adventure on this has shown. Are you prepared to say, tonight, that you would propose these things and make them part of your campaign?

LOSER Yes. As I think that you have stated them, yes. I don't want to be bound to your exact words, but the principles that you've outlined are absolutely...

MODERATOR Me either...

LOSER ... are absolutely correct.

It's based on the notion that there's no reason to run for the presidency of the United States if you can't tell the truth. It's a difficult thing politically...



LOSER ... but the fact of the matter is we're bankrupting the next generation. We're spending the money of our grandkids and those yet to be born. They don't have a seat at the table.

Our present mandatory spending cycle leaves us in an unsustainable position. The comptroller tells us that, the Government Accountability Office -- everybody that looks at it says it's unsustainable.

Can you imagine something that's unsustainable and threatens our economy for our grandchildren and those yet to be born not being discussed more on the campaign trail?

I've just set out a couple of things that I think will avoid future generational warfare, where we have to fight over a lot higher taxes or big benefit cuts. If we do some responsible things now we don't have to do that.

And the indexing of benefits in the future, from wages to prices, is one way to do that. Current retirees -- or for those near retirement wouldn't be affected. And those retiring in the future would get the same benefits in real dollars as those retiring now, but not more.

MODERATOR All right.



What Senator Thompson said, Mayor Giuliani, will open him to accusations that he's trying to cut Social Security benefits. He will be accused of being willing to diminish or take away the prescription drug benefit that many now have come to depend on.

He has suggested that Medicare beneficiaries might have to suffer loss of benefits (inaudible) high income. He's out on a limb on that.

Are you prepared to be as bold?

LOSER Was that question for me?

MODERATOR Yes it is.

LOSER OK. I think the reality is that we have to deal with Social Security.

The first thing we have to do is get a consensus behind private accounts if we're going to change it.



It doesn't make much sense to figure out what the compromises are going to be if you can't get the big thing that you need to really change Social Security. And the fact is, Medicare and Medicaid and presently more expensive than Social Security.

LOSER And within 10 years, they'll be twice as expensive. So they're going to go bankrupt a lot faster. And they need a private solution as well.

What we need to do if we're going to bring down the cost of Medicare and Medicaid is bring down the cost of the entire health insurance market.

And in the discussion you were having about health insurance before, the point that I think was missed -- we only have 17 million people in America who buy their own health insurance. If we have 50 million or 60 million people who bought their own health insurance, the price of health insurance would be cut in more than half.

And the way you cover the people that aren't presently covered -- the people who aren't presently covered with health insurance are not the poorest people; they're covered with Medicaid.

The people who are presently not covered are all buying something -- they're consumers. They may be buying a television, they may be buying -- I hate to mention a cellphone, but they may be buying a cellphone.

But in any event, they have -- they have consumer power. They have to start getting into that market. It's the only way in which you bring down costs.

So I think in both cases, if you start to establish a private market, you're going to be able to figure out how to solve these things within costs that are sustainable.



MODERATOR How about it, Governor Romney? Are you prepared to be as bold as Senator Thompson has been in making an -- in addressing these extremely politically sensitive entitlement programs?

LOSER I'm prepared to be entirely bold, but I'm not prepared to cut benefits for low-income Americans.

We're going to make sure that we protect these programs for our seniors. That's number one.

Number two...

MODERATOR How?

LOSER Well, our current seniors. Currently, we're taking more money into Social Security that we actually send out. So our current seniors, their benefits are not going to change.

For people 20 and 30 and 40 years old, we have four major options, for instance, for Social Security. One is the one Democrats want raise taxes. It's the wrong way to go.

Number two, the president said let's have private accounts and take that surplus money that's being gathered now in Social Security and put that into private accounts. That works.

Other people said, well, extend the retirement age.

LOSER That mathematically works. It's not as attractive. And the last is to index the Social Security benefits, the first benefit, to something other than wages, which is what it has always been.

But, in my view, that's the wrong way to go. That's the wrong way to go other than for higher-income Americans. Higher-income Americans -- that is the Posen plan -- yes, let's consider doing that. That is indexing based on prices rather than wages.

But the others, Medicaid and Medicare, we can solve those. I know that. We did it in our state. We are on track to have everybody in our state insured. These problems are not impossible to solve.

Good, effective leadership that brings people from both sides of the aisle together can get this job done. I have done it in business. I did it at the Olympics. I did it as a governor. I will do it as president.

MODERATOR You spoke well of private accounts. President Bush tried very hard. He came into office with a reputation of being able to bring people together in Texas. He tried very hard to bring people together around his proposal. You saw what happened to it.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR How could you do better?

LOSER Well, you know, I will learn from his experience and from my own, because it took us about a couple of years to get find a way to get everybody in our state insured.

LOSER We wanted them insured, but we didn't want government to have to pick up a new bill. And so we spent a lot of time working on it.

We didn't just have a bunch of bureaucrats. We had a professor from MIT, an investment banker, a head of a consulting firm. We all worked on it, came up with an idea, and then we met with Democrats and said Can we find common ground here?

And, you know, Democrats also love America. As Ronald Reagan used to say, it's not that liberals are ignorant. It's just that what they know is wrong.



So, you've got to -- you can educate each other. We've got some things to learn from time to time, too. And you find common ground. we will do that, and we will solve these entitlement problems.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?



LOSER The president had the right idea, but he used the wrong word. When he used the word privatization, it scared the daylights out of a lot of people because it was right in the middle...

MODERATOR Well, he didn't. He used the word private accounts.

LOSER Well, but it scared the daylights out of people because they're thinking Enron and WorldCom, and that that's where their money would go. The right word is personalization. Empower individuals to have a greater say over their money.

And that's what it is. Keep the government from robbing the trust funds, which is something that, if it was done in the private sector, would get a guy in jail.



And that's been going on. And then another thing is to come up with some creative solutions. You asked Are we willing to be bold?

Yes. We have to be bold. It's a big problem. It needs a big solution. One thing, when people reach retirement age, if they really have enough retirement benefits, they don't need Social Security for the long term, give them the option of one-time buyout, or the opportunity to purchase an annuity, with their funds, tax-free, that frees up the long-term obligation of the government.

Because the problem is the actuarial tables were designed so that people would retire at 65 and die at 67.



Well, I'm sorry, but folks aren't dying that early. And short of taking them out, which is not a good idea...



... we're going to have to make the benefits work better. And that's one way to get it done.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul, your thoughts on these issues?

LOSER it's a mess. And it proves that the government is not very good at central economic planning, even for retirement.

LOSER The money was taken from the people with good intention. We should do our best to return it to those that have taken it.

But we need to allow the young people to just flat out get out of the system. Because, I tell you what...



... if you have the government managing these accounts, it's not going to work.

And the other thing that you have to consider if you're really serious about protecting people's incomes, each and every one of us, is how you're going to protect the dollar. If you don't have the dollar maintaining its value, no matter where you put the money you're not going to have any value. That's where the crisis is coming.

You're going to go up with all these cost of living increases but you'll never keep up with the cost of living because the dollar's going down, the cost of living is going up.

Our dollar today is worth 4 cents compared to the dollar of 1913, when the Federal Reserve took charge of it. And if you don't deal with the dollar there will be no retirement for anybody. We're going to have chaos.

And that is why you have to cut spending. That's why we need a new foreign policy. We need to tie it to people over here in this country, the people who are dependent, but we need to let the people get out, whether it's Social Security or medical care or education. The Constitution doesn't advise that we do any of that anyway.

LOSER That's the only way we can solve the problem.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, you've grappled with this issue as long as anybody here. You've heard all the proposals and you heard what Senator Thompson offered.

Your thoughts?

WINNER First of all, I'm glad they're not dying at 67, Governor.





Pleased to know that.

Look, what Americans need is some straight talk. They need to know -- every man, woman and child in America needs to know that both of these are going broke. They're going broke and we've got to do the hard things.

We've got to fix it for the future generations of Americans. Don't we owe that to young Americans today? I say we do.



And you can do it with a couple of charts. One of them, on Social Security, is you can show them how much money is going out, how much is going in and when there's no money left.

And then you look at a model for that, and that took place in 1983 The last time Social Security was in serious trouble, a liberal Democrat named Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan stood together in the Rose Garden and they fixed Social Security.

MODERATOR And that is exactly right. It is because the present leadership of the House of Representatives brought up this bill, agreed to bring up a bill, a resolution, that we knew would in fact, if they did that, would cause Turkey to do exactly what they did.

Now, that goes to show you that pandering for votes, which was what this was partly based upon, and a complete ignorance of the foreign policy implications of doing such a thing, are the reasons why we are here now.

And we should take away from this some very important lessons, not the least of which is that Nancy Pelosi is not a very good speaker of the House, and she is an even lousier secretary of state.

 

CAMERON Governor, I saw that you -- do you want to weigh in on this, Governor?

LOSER When, four days ago, the parliament of Turkey indicated that they would amass those troops, it's a clear signal -- not just saber-rattling, they're serious about defending themselves.

It would seem to me that we should dispatch the secretary of state immediately to do two things. First of all, we need to train and equip the Kurds to fight the terrorists in their midst.

The PKK is a terrorist organization. Those 3,500 terrorists can best be dealt with by trained and armed Kurds. We don't have to put our military in harm's way. The Kurds have the capacity to do it against those in the PKK -- but also to try to get Turkey to realize that there's nothing to be gained by crossing into that border and creating yet another hostile situation. None of us need it. None of us want it.

And I would hope that maybe the base in Irbil that was shut down earlier could become the base in which those operations could be staged.



CAMERON Mr. Paul?

LOSER This is a -- this is a result of a foreign policy of interventionism. The founders advised non-interventionism. And even our president won the election in the year 2000 to have a more humble foreign policy, not to go into nation-building, and not get involved in the internal affairs of other nations.

And we won an election on that.

But here we are. We're over there and we've invaded this country and this is just another unintended consequence. The war is spreading, the war is likely to go into Iran, nobody's willing to take anything off the table.

What would it be like if somebody came in here into Mexico and did some of these things -- say, like, putting missiles in Europe? We're just looking for trouble. It's so unnecessary. And we jeopardize ourselves. And, quite frankly, we're not able to afford this.

So we don't need to go looking for trouble. We don't need another Cold War. And all we have to do is start talking to people and trading with people.

We don't need to assume that the world is going to blow up. Just think of...

(AUDIENCE BOOING)

LOSER When I was drafted into the military, and I served five years in the military, the Soviets had 40,000 nuclear weapons.

And here, we're now learning about agitating and putting missiles in Europe.

LOSER It's the Turks' business. It's not our business.

(AUDIENCE BOOS)



MODERATOR Governor Romney, I assume you're eager to get into this. Go ahead.

LOSER Yes, we spoke -- about Russia, we've spoken about what's happening in Turkey and, obviously, Iraq. As you look around the world, you recognize that it's still a dangerous place.

During the Clinton years, the president said we're going to take a peace dividend. We got the dividend. We didn't get the peace.

He reduced the scale of our military dramatically, took 500,000 troops out, cut back our Navy by 80 ships, knocked our Air Force down 25 percent. Our aircraft fleet today are 28 years old.

The U.N. is failing in its mission to protect the world and to prevent genocide.



The strategy for America's safety is not to live in what Charles Krauthammer called a holiday from history, but to realize America must be strong.

LOSER We need a strong military to protect us with more troops, more equipment and better care when our troops come home.



We also need a strong economy so we can have a strong military, and we need strong families and values to teach our kids to build a strong economy and a strong military.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Last round, Wendell Goler.

Wendell?



GOLER Gentlemen, I want to ask you a series of questions on no particular subject. These are simply questions I haven't had a chance to ask yet.

Congressman Paul, I want to start with you. You have drawn some of the strongest reactions of any person on the stage, both pro and con, sir. When Ronald Reagan became a Republican, he said he hadn't left the Democratic Party, the Democrats had left him.

Given your differences with the other gentlemen on the stage, has the Republican Party left you? Have these gentlemen left the Republican Party?

LOSER I think in many ways they haven't followed our platform and they don't follow the Constitution. So they're really not following (inaudible). I think in many ways we have become big spenders. Republicans are the big spenders. Our big-government conservatives, they're part of the neo-conservative movement. They've lost their traditions about traditional conservatism and the Constitution.

We have benefited for so many years and decades by having a position of less use of force. Eisenhower won his election in 1952 by trying to clean up the mess that Democrats created in Korea. Nixon won in '68. We continuously won in taking this position of a more commonsensical foreign policy.

Like I said, even George Bush won criticizing this interventionism, and now all of a sudden, just in this short period of time, we have accepted the Democrats' position on foreign policy, on entitlements, on deficits. I mean, we have lost our way.

No, I think that the position of the Republican Party today has not fulfilled their traditions.

And that's why we lost last year. And if we don't go back to our traditions and believe in the Constitution, limited government, personal liberties, and a foreign policy that's noninterventionist, that won't bankrupt us, so that we can defend this country -- we can't even defend our own cities while we're prancing around the entire world.



GOLER Mayor Giuliani, given our experience in Iraq, does the prospect of a nuclear-armed Iraq worry you more than the prospect of going to war with Iran?

LOSER There's no question that the idea of going to war with Iran, or even taking military action against Iran would be very dangerous. It would be something you would not want to do. It would be a last resort.

But if you're asking me the question, which is more dangerous, a nuclear-armed Iran is more dangerous.

And it should be the clear position of the United States government that we will not allow them to become -- to become nuclear.



And I honestly believe -- and, again, I think this comes from the wisdom of Ronald Reagan -- if we can be clear about this, and our allies can understand this, and China and Russia can understand that we would take action to stop them from becoming nuclear, in our judgment, you know, when that has to happen, if they thought we were very serious about that, I think the chance of the sanctions working -- direct, indirect, disinvestment from Iran, I think the sanctions working would work much more effectively.

China and Russia have, obviously, economic interests in dealing with Iran. What they have to see is that America would act. And if America acted, that would be inconsistent with what would be good for them.

You've got to understand, in foreign affairs, just like in the affairs of people, self-interest is enormously important. You've got to figure out the other person's self-interest, and then you have to deal with that.

And I think our taking a strong position here would be similar to the difference between Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter, when he was dealing with Iran.



Jimmy Carter had hostages for 444 days. In one hour, the Iranians released the hostages. And they saw something different in Ronald Reagan's eyes than in Jimmy Carter's eyes.

GOLER Thank you, Mayor.



Senator Thompson, reporters on your campaign say your stumbles on the Terry Schiavo case and on the issue of oil drilling in the Everglades show that you don't do your homework.

The week after, though -- you took a week off after the last debate. Speech yesterday was about five minutes long. Some people say you're lazy, sir.

How do you deal with that?



LOSER Well -- no, it's OK. Let me answer that.

I was a father at the age of 17 and a husband at the age of 17. I got started working in a factory. I borrowed and worked my way through. My folks did what they could to help. They were country folks -- came in off the farm.

I was able to be an assistant U.S. attorney when I was 28, prosecuting most of the major federal crimes in middle Tennessee -- most of the major ones.

LOSER Howard Baker selected me to go to Washington and be his counsel on the Watergate Committee at the age of 30.

I came back, took on a corrupt state administration, and won against them. I went to the United States Senate, got elected twice by 20 points in a state that Bill Clinton carried twice.

Condoleezza Rice called upon me to head up an international security advisory board to advise her on international security matters. President Bush called me to help shepherd Chief Justice -- now-Chief Justice John Roberts' nomination through the Judiciary Committee.

If a man can do all that and be lazy, I recommend it to everybody.

 

MODERATOR And that is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates.

LOSER And I should add, the most important -- the most important part is I'm a proud father of five; two of them are under the age of four. So let me add that to the list.

 
MODERATOR Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of Florida, and also to all the great people here at the Shingle Creek Resort.

Candidates, please note our next debate is in Iowa, Tuesday, December 4th. That's just less than a month before the caucus themselves.

We'll see you there.


MODERATOR And good evening from me. I'm Chris Matthews of MSNBC. Joining Marie (sic) and me in questioning the presidential hopefuls this evening will be John Harwood, chief Washington correspondent for CNBC, and Gerry Seib of the Wall Street Journal.

We have a lot of ground to cover today, so in the interest of time, let's get right to it. Maria.

MODERATOR Okay, Chris.

Senator Thompson, this is your first debate in the election. We welcome you --

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR -- and we kick it off with you.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR The economy is America's greatest strength. In a recent poll by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News, two-thirds of the American people said that we are either in a recession or headed toward one. Do you agree with that? And as president, what will you do to ensure economic vibrancy in this country?

LOSER I think there is no reason to believe that we're headed for a recession. We're enjoying 22 quarters of successive economic growth that started in 2001, and then further in 2003 with the tax cuts that we put in place. We're enjoying low inflation. We're enjoying low unemployment. The stock market seems to be doing pretty well. I see no reason to believe we're headed for -- (pause) -- for economic downturn.

As far as the economic prosperity of the future is concerned, I think it's a different story. I think if you look at the short term, it's rosy. I think if you look at a 10-year projection, it's rosy. But we are spending money we do not have.

We are on a mandatory spending lockdown that is pushing us in a direction that is unsustainable. We're spending the money of future generations and those yet to be born. That has to do with our mandatory spending problem. Everyone knows that we have to address that, and it's the fundamental and foremost challenge, I think, facing our country economically.

MODERATOR Senator, you've painted a very nice picture. The Dow and the S&P 500 today at new highs tonight, record numbers, and yet, two-thirds of the people surveyed said we are either in a recession or headed for one. Why the angst?

LOSER Well, I think there are pockets in the economy. Certainly they're having difficulty. I think there are certainly those in Michigan that are having difficulty. I think you always find that in a vibrant, dynamic economy. I think that not enough has been done to tell what some call the greatest story never told, and that is that we are enjoying a period of growth right now, and we should acknowledge what got us there and continue those same policies on into the future.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, here in Detroit, Michigan, alone, one in every 29 homes went into foreclosure in the first six months of the year. Whose job is it to fix this problem, the government or private enterprise?

LOSER It's everybody's job. It's inexcusable that Michigan is undergoing a one-state recession, that the rest of the country is growing and seeing low levels of unemployment, but Michigan is seeing ongoing high levels of unemployment, almost twice the national rate. Industry is shrinking here, jobs are going away.

This is just unacceptable, and therefore, everyone's going to have to come together to solve the problem. And that means from the president's standpoint, the president's going to have to stand up and say You know what? -- to the auto industry -- the door's always open. We're going to work with you and make sure that you have a listening hear and someone who will participate with labor and with management.

Number two, we're going to make sure that we invest in technology and research -- a lot of that relating to energy, fuels; automotive research like material science to help boost Michigan once again. We're going to have to fix the schools; as Newt Gingrich pointed out, 22 percent of Detroit kids don't -- or excuse me -- 22 percent graduate from high school. That's unacceptable. We're also going to have to do a better job keeping our taxes down. Jennifer Granholm has made a big mistake by raising taxes. I was, frankly, a little nervous to -- by being here tonight. I figured that she was going to put a tax on the debate before we got finished. (Laughter, applause, cheers.)

And we're going to have to go work, as well, to make sure that there's a level playing field around the world as we compete, to make sure that American goods are pushing into other markets; that goods coming overseas aren't getting an advantage as they do now with embedded taxes. There's a lot we can do to strengthen Michigan.

And in some respects, what Michigan is seeing the entire nation is going to see unless we take action now to get Michigan stronger.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, the private equity firms are making billions of dollars. I guess it's a mystery to me -- and you can explain it as a New Yorker, where these billions of dollars -- where were they before, and is there any downside to this amazing bonanza in the hedge fund and the private equity firms?

LOSER Well, I mean, the market is a wonderful thing. I mean, the free market is our -- one of our greatest assets. The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America. I mean, just get an idea of where that philosophy comes from.

The free market is the asset that has allowed us to -- the sky's the limit. The reality is that what we have to do is look at the fundamentals. A president can't be a economic forecaster. A president's not going to be any better an economic forecaster than you are a baseball forecaster. And I'm not particularly good baseball forecaster this afternoon. (Laughter.)

So the reality is, a president has to work on the fundamentals. What are the fundamentals? Keep taxes low. Keep regulations moderate. Keep spending under control. That's an area where we need a lot of help.

And make sure you do something about legal reform, so that our legal system doesn't -- it's, 2.2 percent of our GDP now is spent on all of these frivolous lawsuits. It's double any other industrialized nation. We don't get control of that, that's another way in which we're going to eat up our future. So we've got a prospect on the Democratic side of overspending, overtaxing, overregulating and oversuing. And I think you need a Republican alternative to that, which is an emphasis on the pillars of growth that I mentioned.

MODERATOR Just to test your forecasting ability, Mr. Mayor, will Torre keep his job?

LOSER (Laughs, laughter.) God willing.

MODERATOR Okay. Thanks.

LOSER Joe Torre is the best manager in the history of the Yankees, at least in the modern era, so -- and he's my friend. (Laughs.)

MODERATOR Okay. Congressman Paul, I think you have questions and concerns about the bonanza in the hedgefund industry. Do you?

LOSER Yes. I think this is not a consequence of free markets. What's happening is there's transfer of wealth from the poor and the middle class to the wealthy. This comes about because of the monetary system that we have. When you inflate a currency or destroy a currency, the middle class gets wiped out, so the people who get to use the money first, which is created by the Federal Reserve System, benefit, so the money gravitates to the banks and to Wall Street. See, that's why you have more billionaires than ever before.

Today this country is in the middle of a recession for a lot of people. Michigan knows about it. Poor people know about it. The middle class knows about it. Wall Street doesn't know about it. Washington, D.C., doesn't know about it. But it's because of the monetary system and the excessive spending. As long as we live beyond our means, we are destined to live beneath our means. And we have lived beyond our means because we are financing a foreign policy that is so extravagant and beyond what we can control, as well as the spending here at home, and we're depending on the creation of money out of thin air, which is nothing more than debasement of the currency.

It's counterfeit. And it is a natural, predictable consequence that you're going to have people benefit from it and other people suffer.

So if you want to help the economy, you have to study monetary theory and figure out why it is that we're suffering. And everybody doesn't suffer equally, or this wouldn't be so bad. It's always the poor people, those on retired incomes, that suffer the most. But the politicians and those who get to use the money first, like the military industrial complex, they make a lot of money, and they benefit from it.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, what about that? How are you going to win the middle class back? Wall Street executives are making millions of dollars every year, paying tax rates of 15 percent, while the average guy out there is paying 30 percent in taxes. Is this system fair?

WINNER They're paying their -- everybody's paying taxes, and wealth creates wealth. And the fact is that I would commend to your reading, Ron, "Wealth of Nations," because that's what this is all about. A vibrant economy creates wealth. People play -- pay taxes. Revenues are at an all-time high.

What's the problem? It's not just here in Michigan. It's in the heartland of America. We're losing industrial jobs, and we're not taking care of those who are left behind. Every town hall meeting that I have, people say, "I don't know if I'm going to have health insurance or not."

We're going to have to bring costs under control -- of health care -- if we're going to assure people that they're going to have retirement and they're going to be able to have the much-needed medical care that they are -- need as they grow older.

The fact is that Social Security's going broke. The fact is that Medicare is going broke. That's a little straight talk, and we've got to fix it. And we have to get spending under control.

And we Republicans, who came to power in 1994 to change government, government changed us. And unless we get spending under control and eliminate all this waste and pork-barrel spending -- and the latest is this public works, $21 billion worth of pork-barrel projects in public works, which the president should veto. Another one he should veto is the SCHIP program, which we should say -- take the "C" out of because now it's for everybody, like every other entitlement program. And by the way, a dollar a pack increase for cigarettes? So we want to take care of children's health and we want everybody to smoke? I don't get it. And we've got to get wasteful spending under control. (Applause.)

MODERATOR So you're saying -- so you're saying, Senator -- (applause continuing) -- so you're saying the system is fair. My question was, is the system fair?

WINNER Sure it's fair. Should we -- because the bulk of the taxes are paid by wealthy people. Should we reform our tax code, which is completely broken, which no one understands, no living American understands? Absolutely we should fix our tax code, and we should fix it immediately. And we should have Congress either vote up or down on a freer, fairer, simpler tax code, and I believe that Americans deserve that. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Before we transition, Governor Huckabee, tell us about your Fair Tax. You're going to get rid of the IRS. You're going to have a -- basically a consumer tax. Won't that discourage spending? The American economy seems to always be driven by people buying things maybe they can't even afford. If you put a tax on spending as opposed to income, won't that encourage people to hoard their money rather than spend it, and hurt the economy?

LOSER Chris, you know Americans better than that. Nothing's going to discourage them from spending money. (Laughter.) Just go to any shopping center on Saturday. You'll find that people aren't having to be begged to go spend money.

No, the Fair Tax does something that is absolutely phenomenal for the economy. It untaxes productivity. It untaxes those things which we export.

It means that for the first time in a long time in this country, instead of exporting our jobs, we'll actually be exporting products that we make in America. And we'll be able to make sure that there's a level playing field. It ends the underground economy that right now makes it so that folks like us end up paying taxes, but drug dealers don't; illegals don't; prostitutes and pimps, they don't. But we do.

You know, a lot of people are going to be watching this debate. They're going to hear Republicans on this stage talk about how great the economy is. And frankly, when they hear that, they're going to probably reach for the dial. I want to make sure people understand that for many people on this stage the economy's doing terrifically well, but for a lot of Americans it's not doing so well. The people who handle the bags and make the beds at our hotels and serve the food, many of them are having to work two jobs, and that's barely paying the rent. And you know what else? They don't think that they can afford for their kids to go to college; they're pretty sure they're not going to be able to afford health insurance.

And so I hope in the course of this we can talk about a how a fair tax really lifts up everybody, including those at the bottom of the economic spectrum, and untaxes the poor people in our culture.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, do you agree with that, the idea of replacing the IRS, the income tax, a direct tax, with an indirect sales tax?

 HUNTER Well, actually, I'm a sponsor of the fair tax, but let me tell you, Chris, what is missing from this economy 1.8 million jobs that have moved to communist China from the United States, including over 54,000 jobs from Michigan.

You know, a couple of years ago when our guys were getting hurt with roadside bombs in Iraq, I tried to find one steel company left in America that could still make high-grade armor steel plate to put on the sides of our humvees to protect against roadside bombs. I found one company left that could still do that, and as you go down through the array of military systems that we need for our security, we find that more and more of those have gone off-shore. So this is also a security issue.

You know, in Willow Run just a couple of miles away, we made a bomber every 60 minutes during World War Two.

We've made tens of thousands of tanks in Michigan. Today we could not do that because we've fractured the great industrial base of this country and we've pushed it off-shore with bad trade deals.

And I would say to my colleagues, Senator Thompson, the other senators, you all voted for most-favored-nation trading status for communist China. That set the groundwork for 1.8 million high-paying manufacturing jobs moving off-shore, going off-shore -- some of them never to return.

And what I would do is pass the Hunter-Ryan bill, which would put countervailing duties on the Chinese when they cheat; they are cheating on trade right now. I'd bring those jobs back home to the United States, and I would connect up the middle class of America with the Republican Party one more time. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, do you want to respond to that question or that comment by the congressman about Chinese trade?

LOSER Yeah. Free and fair trade has been good for America, responsible for millions of jobs in this country. We cannot turn our back on that.

I was one of the strictest advocates of imposing restrictions on the Chinese for their behavior in terms of exporting dangerous materials to other countries and tying some of our trade policies to what they did in that regard. They have still not done enough. They have devalued their currency, which puts them in a favored position as far as our manufacturers are concerned.

But in terms of turning our back on free trade, that's not the direction to go in. It's meant too much for our country, and every country in the history of the world that's ever turned its back on free trade has suffered for it as a consequence.

MODERATOR Ladies and gentlemen, we ask you please to refrain from the applause so that we can get as much time as possible with the candidates. Thank you so much.

Senator Brownback, are you prepared to say categorically that under a Brownback administration, there will not be a tax increase?

MODERATOR Yes. And I'd like to use the rest of my answer and time -- (laughter) -- to talk about some other things, because clearly, the last thing we need to do is raise taxes in this country. Currently the country now, the average citizen works until the first part, middle, of May just to pay their taxes? We're taxed to the max.

I think it's not enough just to say I'm not going to raise taxes. What should we go to differently? Because the current tax code really is an abomination. People don't understand it. It's manipulative. It's Washington trying to direct people's lives.

So I've put forward a proposal of an optional flat tax, and putting that on the table, saying, okay, you can pick this. If you want to stay in the code, go ahead, God bless you, but here's an optional flat tax. Sixteen countries around the world have gone to the flat tax. Nobody's gone back away from it, because it creates growth, it creates growth in the economy, and it increases revenue for the government.

And we also -- we have to get spending under control. Here you've got to change the system. And I've been around it long enough to see that Republicans or Democrats in control -- the system is built to spend. I have constituents come in all the time to my office, and they say, "I'm a conservative, but could we have this bridge? How about this hospital?" They never say, "We've got too much federal money; would you please cut it?" Nobody's ever told me that. So I think we need to take that BRAC military process for base closings, apply it to the rest of government, so you have an annual process for culling federal spending that requires a vote of Congress.

MODERATOR So name one program you would cut.

MODERATOR Advanced Technology Program would be a good one to start with. It goes towards high-end spending, corporate welfare programs. There's an abundance of those that we've gone at. I worked with Senator McCain -- a number of us did. But cutting spending is tough to do because you always got somebody pushing back and seeking more. That's why you got to change the system, so that it regularly requires a vote of Congress on things to cut. That's what'll actually reduce spending.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, same question. Are you prepared to say categorically that under your administration, there will be no tax increase?

MODERATOR Absolutely. I'll take the oath. The fact is this, that when we talk about spending cuts, which everybody, I think, on this stage, adheres to and certainly pays lip service to, we have to think about what exactly it is that pushes spending at the federal level, and believe it or not, it isn't even earmarks.

I'm all for dumping them. It's okay with me. But don't think for a moment that if we did it tomorrow, all of a sudden, we'd have a balanced budget. Of course, we would not, because the thing that pushes spending at the federal level is mandatory spending. It's two things really -- Medicare, Social Security.

Now, you can cut the entire budget, the discretionary budget. You could cut the whole thing out and only come close -- well, you'd cut the deficit pretty significantly. But frankly you really want to do without funding for the armed services? And that's exactly what we're talking about in the discretionary side. It's about $700 billion out of a three-point trillion-dollar budget.

If you want to control federal spending, you must look at Social Security and Medicare, and it's a dicey game. I know the president tried. I give him credit for at least getting out there, touching that third rail, getting burned by it. He did, jumped back immediately.

But the reality is this If you don't do it, forget about all this talk about reducing federal spending. It's not going to happen. You better address Social Security. You better come up with a way to allow for private Social Security accounts, structurally fix both of those things, or forget the idea of ending deficit spending.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani and Governor Romney, these are 30- second answers.

You've been having a tit-for-tat on tax cutting. What's the difference between the two of you? Your Honor first.

LOSER I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City. I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax -- I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues.

I see in The Wall Street Journal this morning an editorial that says Can we take the good news that the tax cuts have actually worked to produce about $500 billion in additional revenue no one ever thought was possible?

So it's something that I believe in from results. I cut taxes by over $9 billion. I didn't cut every tax. You can't possibly cut every tax, as I think Congressman Tancredo pointed out. You need money for police. You need money for military. But I cut, I think, as many taxes as you possibly could in that period of time. And George Will said I ran the most conservative government from that point of view in the last 40 or 50 years, in the entire country.

MODERATOR Let's go to Governor Romney. Your difference with Mayor Giuliani on tax cutting?

LOSER Well, we both agree with the need to cut taxes and have fought to do so. And I did so in my state too. We both believe in cutting back on spending as well.

But if you want to cut taxes, you're going to have to cut spending. And the best tool that a governor has and the best tool the president has had is a line-item veto. And Mayor Giuliani took the line-item that the president had all the way to the Supreme Court and took it away from the president of the United States. I think that was a mistake.

He also fought to keep the commuter tax, which was a very substantial tax, a(n) almost $400 tax on commuters coming into New York. And when it's all said and done, if you're a New York taxpayer, city taxpayer, your state and city tax combined could reach as high as 10 percent, and in our state, if you're a Boston worker, it's going to be more like 5.3 percent.

So we both have worked real hard to get the taxes down, to get the spending down, but I'm in favor of the line-item veto. I exercised it 844 times. Thank heavens we had a line-item veto, and I would like to see it at the federal government level as well. We need it.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, respond.

LOSER I mean the difference is that under Governor Romney, spending went up in Massachusetts per capita by 8 percent; under me, spending went down by 7 percent. The line-item veto is unconstitutional. I took Bill Clinton to the Supreme Court and beat Bill Clinton. It's unconstitutional. What the heck can you do about that if you're a strict constructionist?

And finally, the point is that you've got to control taxes, but I did it, he didn't. I controlled taxes --

LOSER (Laughs.) I'm sorry.

LOSER -- I brought taxes down by 17 percent. Under him, taxes went up 11 percent per capita. I led, he lagged.

MODERATOR Sir, a rebuttal here, final rebuttal.

LOSER It's a nice line, but it's bologna. Mayor, you got to check your facts. No taxes -- I did not increase taxes in Massachusetts; I lowered taxes, number one.

Number two, the Club for Growth looked at our respective spending record. They said my spending grew 2.2 percent a year; yours grew 2.8 percent a year.

But look, we're both guys that are in favor of keeping spending down and keep taxes down. We're not far apart on that. The place we differ is on the line-item veto. I'm in favor of the line-item veto. I had it, used it 844 times. I want to see Libby Dole's line-item veto put in place, the president's proposal to have it put in place. I'm in favor of the line-item veto. I'd have never gone to the Supreme Court and said it's unconstitutional.

MODERATOR Do you believe it is?

LOSER I do not believe the line-item veto is -- properly structured is -- the president just last year introduced a line-item veto that is -- that passes constitutional muster. Elizabeth Dole did the same thing. I'm in favor of the line-item veto to make sure that the president is able to help cut out pork and waste. Washington is finally going to have to have a reduction in spending. Republicans got spending out of control.

MODERATOR John Harwood.

LOSER You got to -- I mean, you have to be honest with people and you can't fool all of the people all of the time. The line-item veto is unconstitutional. You don't get to believe about it. The Supreme Court has ruled on it. So you can bang your head up against a stone wall all you want. I am in favor of a line-item veto, except you have to do it legally. And as the mayor of New York, if I had let President Clinton take $250 million away from the people of my city illegally and unconstitutionally, I wouldn't have been much of a mayor.

LOSER That's -- (inaudible.)

LOSER So I took --

LOSER That's what it was about.

LOSER So I took President Clinton to court, and I beat him. And I don't think it's a bad idea to have a Republican presidential candidate who actually has beat President Clinton at something. (Laughter.) (Applause.)

MODERATOR (Inaudible.) Okay, we got to go to John Harwood. Thank you. John.

LOSER (Off mike.)

MODERATOR As good as that fight is, I've got a question for Senator Thompson.

LOSER (Off mike) -- Massachusetts and New York are low- tax, low-spending states. (Laughter.) (Remarks off-mike.)

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, in the kind of dynamic economy that you mentioned, lots of new jobs are created, but a lot of jobs are lost, as well. The Bureau of Labor Statistics says three-fourths of manufacturing workers who lose their jobs and get new ones see their incomes go down. How would you explain to those people that their shrinking American dream is the price of progress? And what would you do to help them?

LOSER Well, in a dynamic economy, there are jobs lost and there are jobs gained. And so far, there have been more jobs gained. To put up barriers and say that so-and-so cannot lose a job would be the wrong thing to do in a free-market economy that's been so well for us. It's made us the most prosperous nation in the history of the world.

But there are some things that you can recognize about the manufacturing industry and how important it is to us and how we can do something for the industry to help them hire more people and keep the wheels rolling -- government policies in terms of taxing and spending and regulation. The manufacturing industry is, in large part, an international industry nowadays, which means prices are set internationally. Manufacturers cannot do much about that but they get hit with cost domestically. We can do a lot about their cost, in terms of taxes and regulation.

We have the second-highest corporate tax penalty in the world. We need to do better than that. We need to open up foreign markets. A lot of them are closing their markets to our people. Our people are not afraid to compete if the markets are open and the currency's not devalued.

MODERATOR Congressman?

MODERATOR Yeah, let me answer that. You know, Senator Thompson, there is one place where the federal government has a role in manufacturing, and that's ensuring that everybody's playing by the rules.

Now, when Communist China devalues their currency by 40 percent, they undercut American products around the world. They undercut them so low that we can't even pay for the cost of materials and meet their prices. Now, that has put 1.8 million working Americans out of work, and that job, the job of enforcing those rules, is the president's job. That's what I intend to do.

MODERATOR Let me ask Senator McCain, you know, when a lot of us grew up in the late '50s and early '60s, a young guy could come out of high school, marry his girlfriend from school, get a job at a big industrial plant making planes or making subways and provide for a family with a middle-class income and his spouse wouldn't have to work. Will we ever go back to that world again?

WINNER I'd like to say yes, Chris, but I think we are in the midst of a revolution that we haven't seen the Industrial Revolution. A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay. We know that people have been left behind. We know that the tax code is eminently unfair.

We know that one of the big problems right here in Detroit is that when they -- before they turn a wrench on a new car, it's a $1,700 legacy cost for health care for their retired employees. For Toyota, it's 200 (dollars). We're going to have to fix health care. We're going to have to fix Social Security.

And this line about it's just discretionary spending that's a problem -- the problem is, my friend, the American people no longer have trust and confidence in us that we will fix anything. As president, I'll fix them.

And the point is that we need to have job retraining programs. We need to go to the community colleges. We even need, if you're a senior laid-off worker and -- who gets another job to make up in compensation for the amount of money that's the difference between the job that they lost -- we have to fix these programs, but first we've got to go to the American people with clean hands. We've got to tell them we've stopped spending $3 million to study the DNA of bears in Montana. I don't know if that's a paternity issue or a criminal issue. (Laughter.) I've got -- we've got to tell them -- we got to tell them that we will not spend $2 billion on an aircraft tanker, which I was able to stop and save the taxpayers $2 billion, because of this incredible extravagant waste in defense spending today, which is the biggest part of our budget. (Applause.)

 Governor --

MODERATOR Can I -- Congressman Tancredo.

MODERATOR John, I just want to quickly respond. I certainly can agree with the senator on one thing, that the people of this country believe that the government is broken and hasn't fixed their problems to a large extent because of the senator's efforts in support of illegal immigration. That's one reason why they're concerned, and that's -- you're absolutely right, the government hasn't fixed the problem. And for every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs 20,000 -- it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about 10,000 in taxes. You really want to do something about -- to restore the people's faith in government? Do something about illegal immigration, don't just talk about it. (Applause.)

Okay, Gerry.

MODERATOR Very sad.

SEIB Governor Romney.

Governor Romney, trade keeps popping up here, so let's bore in on it a little bit. By one estimate, the U.S. has lost 5 million jobs to overseas trade since 1989, and the U.S. must borrow every day $2 billion from overseas to pay for its imports. President Bush says trade is still good for America.

Are you a Bush Republican on trade?

LOSER Well, I believe in trade, but I believe in opening up markets to American goods and services. And it's been calculated that the average family in America is $9,000 a year richer because we have the ability to sell products around the world, and a lot of people in this country make their living making products that go around the world.

But it's also true that the people who negotiate these agreements, the people who sit down with the Chinese and sit down with the Mexicans and others, are people, by and large, who've spent their life in politics, and the politicians come together and try and understand how the economy works.

I think I'm probably the only guy on the stage who's spent most of his career in the business world. I understand how the economy works. I understand how if you make a certain adjustment in the agreement, it's going to have a huge impact on the United States.

And so for instance, if we agree to sit down with China, I understand that if we don't get real careful and protect patents and designs and technology, that what we tend to sell the most of, those kinds of things, intellectual property, is going to get stolen by the Chinese or by others, that we have to recognize agreements have to be in our benefit, not just in their benefit. And so as I look across the agreements we've made, I recognize we're going to have to do a better job. We're going to have to have people who understand how the business world works, how the economy works, and make sure that the playing field really is level by having people that know something about the economy and understand the business world being part of that effort.

I want to make sure that the American worker gets a fair shake. We need to make sure that the Chinese begin to float their currency, and they protect our designs and our patents and our technology. We need to make sure that the American workers don't have to carry the burden of extra taxes as we sell our products around the world. They come here without that tax embedded. We can do a better job, and I want to do a better job for the American worker.

And by the way, this is key for Michigan. And for me, Michigan is personal. I'm going to go to work to help Michigan. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thanks, Governor.

Mayor Giuliani, foreign acquisitions in the United States are headed for a record in 2007.

And yet some money is still turned away. A Dubai company could not acquire our ports. A Chinese company could not acquire Unocal. Has this company -- has this country become protectionist, or are there serious, real national security concerns?

LOSER Well, I think we're on a verge of going in one direction or another. I mean, for example, if you want to get specific, the four trade deals with Peru, Colombia, Panama, South Korea that are in front of Congress right now, which the Democrats are trying to block, would be good deals for the United States. In three of the four of them, we would actually get to export more than we're importing. (Chuckles.) Why they would want to block this I can't understand. We're already importing about 98 percent -- 90 to 98 percent from those countries. We would actually get to export more, and we would increase our exports.

So yes, we have to improve our free trade agreements. I think you got to almost separate them into two different categories. There's economic protection, and then there's protection for safety, security and legal rights. And I don't think we've done a particularly good job on the second, and we have to improve those agreements. But we can't throw out the baby with the bath water. We can't say because these agreements weren't perfect, because they have problems, because they have issues, we're going to turn our back on free trade.

Our percentage of our economy that now depends on exports has gone up from 9 percent to 12 percent; we're a country that depends on exports. And we're also an entrepreneurial country.

We're a country that should think about all these people that are coming out of poverty in China and India and elsewhere -- we should think of them as new customers. We should be thinking about what could we sell to them. Energy independence. Health care. There's so much we can sell to them. Let's get back our entrepreneurial spirit rather than having our head down.

MODERATOR So, yes or no, should a Dubai company be able to own 20 percent of NASDAQ?

LOSER Sure, if they are -- if they are considered to be safe, if they -- if they -- if they pass safety and security clearances. Unfortunately, that deal was done so hastily, it was done so quickly, nobody can tell whether they could or they couldn't. But you just can't rule out foreign companies. There's a whole procedure you go through as to whether or not are they safe, are they secure. We cannot stop doing business with the rest of the world. If we do -- this is one of the reasons our depression became a Great Depression, because we erected such high tariffs that we extended the depression from two or three years to 10 or 11 years.

MODERATOR Very quickly down the line, same question. Should a Dubai company be able to own 20 percent of NASDAQ? Congressman?

LOSER If there is no conflict with national security, certainly, yes, they should.

MODERATOR This is the story, Dubai owning NASDAQ. Is there a security issue?

LOSER I don't think they're a threat to our national security, no. So they would be able to.

LOSER I think it really matters as to whether or not they're going to be -- there's going to be a fair trade. And the fact is, we don't have fair trade. And that's the issue we've got to address. Can they buy a company? Sure. But our real problem continues to be that an American company is having to pay an extraordinarily high tax on everything they produce, but the countries who are importing to us don't have the same border adjustability that we do.

And that's why we're losing jobs here, that's why people in Michigan are going -- looking for something to do, and that's what has to change, and it's not being changed, and this party is going to have to start addressing it, or we're going to get our britches beat next year.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

WINNER Yes, of course, they have to pass the required security requirements and everything like that. But I'm a student of history. Every time the United States has become protectionist and listened to the siren song that you're hearing partially on this stage tonight, we've paid a very heavy price. The Smoot-Hawley Tariff Acts in the 1930s were direct contributors to World War II. It sounds like a lot of fun to bash Chinese and others, but free trade has been the engine of our economy in the last half of this year, it will continue to be, and free trade should be the continuing principle that guides this nation's economy.

MODERATOR Governor.

LOSER Of course you let a country invest in the United States, because we're going to have to stop thinking always in terms of defense and trying to keep other people out. The key is that America can compete around the world and win, and we do. In product after product, service after service, we're the best in the world. But we have to make sure that as we enter into agreements with other nations, we make sure that those agreements are in our benefit as well as theirs; usually that's the case, but not always, and in some cases it's not.

We're going to make sure that our goods and services are sold around the world, that they're not held up, that our technology is not stolen. And we're going to make sure that America gets the best shake in these agreements, and we -- and for heck -- you got to realize this country can compete with anyone in the world, has before. We'll always -- we do not rein in -- put a moat around ourselves. We've put down the drawbridge and say, "Let's go out and compete."

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER The answer is yes. Dubai would own 20 percent of NASDAQ, but NASDAQ, under this deal, as I understand it, would gain more than 30 percent of the Dubai company.

It all depends on national security issues. Doesn't seem to be one there. But we should look at all these deals carefully because we have a vast infrastructure. The great portion of it is in private hands. There's no way, frankly, we can protect it all. So we need to do everything that we can to make sure that we're doing all that we can to protect the infrastructure we've got and scrutinize these deals, number one, first and foremost, from a national security standpoint.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter.

 HUNTER No, because I don't trust them. And I don't trust them because a few years ago Dubai, while an American Customs agent was trying to stop them, set for delivery a set of nuclear triggers to an anonymous recipient in Islamabad, probably for the A.Q. Khan network. That went directly against American interests. So I would not do that.

And to all my colleagues who talk about the joy of free trade, that requires one thing good business deals. We've made the only business deal in the world with 132 other competitors where they get to have a rebate on their taxes and then put a block up of 15 to 20 percent tariff against our goods, and we don't get to do the same thing. That's why we have a trade deficit with countries that have higher labor rates than the United States.

So we're short on good businessmen, and I would junk those bad trade deals, bring them back to the table, and I'd practice mirror trade. If a country wants to put a 15 percent tariff against the United States, they're going to see that reflected back at them. If they want to take it down to 1 percent, we'll take it down to one, but there's not going to be a one-way street any longer.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Brownback.

MODERATOR Yes, I think of the people on this stage I'm the only that's worked in the trade field. I was in the trade field as White House fellow in the first Bush administration.

If this party walks away from free trade, we're going the wrong way as a party. And I think Congressman Hunter is a wonderful man. The United States is a low-trade -- low-tariff country. I think our average tariff on anything that we have a tariff on -- and most things we don't -- is at 4 percent, so the negotiations we do are always with countries that have higher tariffs. And it's the objective that we have is to get those down, and we've had a decent record. What we've got to do now, I think, is really focus in on China's currency manipulation and intellectual property rights.

MODERATOR So the answer is yes.

MODERATOR Yes.

MODERATOR No, if -- I'll tell you. If Dubai wanted to buy Wal-Mart, I might think about it. But if they wanted to buy something else that would have, in this case, certainly more of an impact on our national security interests, I'd say, no, we'd have to think about that in a totally different way.

It is exactly the same with regard to China. There are things that we should have thought of in the first place when we passed the PNTR, which I voted against, along with Duncan Hunter. And I absolutely agree that trade is a great idea in many respects. But when you trade with people who are your potential enemy, and they have shown a willingness to use that economic opportunity to actually increase their threats to the United States, I'm not for trading with them at all.

MODERATOR Governor, I mean, Senator Thompson, let me ask you about an income tax issue -- it gets batted around a lot in Washington -- the Alternative Minimum Tax. And here are the fiscal consequences. There's 20 million people about to be hit by that tax. It was meant to make sure rich people paid taxes but now, it's moving down because of inflation.

If this tax isn't changed, 20 million people are hit by it. If we eliminate the Alternative Minimum Tax, it costs the federal government $100 billion that has to be replaced similarly somewhere else. How do you deal with something like that?

LOSER Well, in the first place, I don't buy the concept that any reduction in taxes is lost revenue to the government. The taxpayers haven't lost it. It's in their pocket. They know exactly where to find it.

We shouldn't confuse the wealth of government with the wealth of nations. Just because the money is sent to Washington doesn't mean that people are any richer. In fact, just the opposite is the case.

As you pointed out, the AMT was designed for the -- to target the rich guy. And when the Democrats start targeting the rich guy, if you're a middle-class guy you ought to run to the other side of the house because you're going to get hit. They're not going to be on target. And this is another one of those cases; you point out we're going from about 4 million people covered now to over -- over 20 million people.

What we're going to have to do, though, is look at this as part of a total picture. Generally speaking, lower taxes and lower tax rates grow the economy. It's been proven in the '20s, it was proven during the Kennedy administration, proven during the Reagan administration and again during this administration. I would apply that same principle to the AMT. It ought to be phased out. I think the responsible thing to do, though, until we get a handle on our mandatory spending side of the ledger, is to index it for inflation and fix it for another year while we look at the budget in total.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

We're going to take a break right now.

MODERATOR We're branching out into other topics.

Senator Thompson, all things considered, has the Bush policy toward Iraq been a good one?

LOSER I think the policy that we're engaged in now is the right one. Clearly, to me, we didn't go in with enough troops and we didn't know what to expect when we got there. But now we're showing signs of progress. I think we got to take advantage of the opportunities that we have there, now that we see a window of opportunity for things to turn around and us to stabilize that place and not to have to leave with our tail between our legs. If we did that, it would make for a more dangerous United States of America.

I think we've got to come to terms with the nature of the threat that our country faces. It is a global war. Islamic fascism has declared it upon us. They look at it as something that's something that's been going on for a long, long time. They're perfectly willing for it to go on for a long time more, killing millions of innocent people in the process. They play by no rules, and they are intent on bringing down Western civilization and the United States of America. So we have to understand what's necessary and the determination that we need to show to friend and foe alike that we'll do what's necessary to fight on any front that we have to fight on. This is a front in a much broader war, and I think the young people that I talk to coming back from there understand that. In fact, sometimes it's strange to me to think that the average 20-year-old serving us in Iraq knows more about what it takes for our national security than the average 20-year veteran on Capitol Hill.

MODERATOR Okay, thank you.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, last week on the campaign trail, you were critical of President Bush for the lack of asking for sacrifice for the American -- from the American people after September 11th, adding that "Just go shopping" wasn't enough.

What would you have asked?

WINNER I would have asked Americans, when we were incredibly united -- as part of that, I'd give credit to my friend the mayor of New York City -- and Americans were ready to serve a cause greater than themselves, I would have told them, first of all, consider the military; also the Peace Corps, also AmeriCorps, also neighborhood watches, also volunteer organizations that we would form up all over America. That way we would all serve this nation.

I'd just like to mention I'm the only one on this stage that four years ago said this is a failed policy in Iraq; it's not going to work; it's got to be changed. I was criticized by Republicans for my severe criticism of Secretary Rumsfeld. I advocated the strategy that's succeeding. And thank God the American people are giving us a little window so we can let this thing succeed and not have happen, as the president of Iran recently said, the United States will leave Iraq, and there will be a vacuum, and Iran will fill it. That's what's at stake here.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, would you -- would we have gone to war in Iraq if we weren't so dependent on Middle East oil?

LOSER Probably not, but that should not be a reason. That's an old theory. It's mercantilistic. It's neocolonialism that you have to maintain your supply routes and your natural resources.

But I think there's still a lot of those kind of people around, and they believe -- you know, we were told it was about oil and jobs when it first started in 1990, and this is just a continuation of that war. Indeed, this war is a mistake; it was a mistake to go in. It's very costly, and it has a lot of economic ramifications. We're going broke. We have this huge deficit. We're spending nearly a trillion dollars with maintaining our empire overseas, and that's a cost. Right now we owe foreigners $2.7 trillion. No wonder they have money to come back in here and buy stuff up, and then we object; but that has to do with our monetary system, as well as our foreign policy.

So if we want prosperity, we have to change our foreign policy; we have to live within our means, but we can't maintain a reserve currency where all -- our greatest export today are paper dollars. We create money out of thin air, and they still accept it as if it was backed by gold. And that is the reason all this money goes overseas. And at the same time, we finance all this military activity overseas, and it's bankrupting this country. And not only that, it's a threat to our personal liberties here, and it's going to be a threat to our economy because we are beginning to live beneath our means. And that is a natural consequence of what happens when you live beyond your means.

So we must change our policy both overseas and domestically.

MODERATOR Do you believe that, Senator Brownback, that we would (sic) have gone to war in Iraq if we weren't so dependent on Middle East oil?

MODERATOR I don't believe that in the least. We went to Iraq -- on the war in Iraq, what I voted for was the war on terrorism.

And Afghanistan was where the Taliban was -- where al Qaeda was located; it was run by the Taliban. And we saw in Iraq what we thought was the mixture of terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. And it was in 2003, this was in close proximity to 2001, when we had the 9/11 crisis, and I wasn't about to trust that Saddam Hussein wasn't going to mix terrorists with weapons of mass destruction. And we haven't found the weapons of mass destruction, but that doesn't mean we leave. And I think the Bush administration has generally done well military, and I think the military has done a fabulous job. (Applause.) I think we have done poorly on the political side.

And this Friday, Joe Biden and I are getting together in Des Moines, and we're going to be talking about the political side, a three-state solution in Iraq. This is what ultimately is going to happen. You're going to have a Kurdish north, a Sunni west, a Shi'a south within one country, federalism, with a weak federal government; the federal government headquartered in Baghdad. Joe and I don't agree on hardly anything, but this is what we need to do to get the political equation. That's what has been poorly done by the Bush administration starting with General Garner and moving on through the succession. It hasn't been well-handled politically. We've got to get a better bipartisan political solution -- we can.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, Senator Brownback made the point that we haven't been able to find the WMD. You made a statement a couple of days ago, I believe, that alluded to the fact You believed that there were such weapons in Iraq. Do you believe they were there right before we got in and they were moved out somewhere?

LOSER No, no.

MODERATOR What do you believe?

LOSER No, I didn't say that. I was just stating what was obvious, and that is that Saddam had had them prior. They used them -- they used them against his own people, against the Kurds.

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER And of course, he had a nuclear reactor back -- I believe it was in '81 when the Israelis bombed that. And the Iraqi Study Group reported that he had designs on reviving his nuclear program, which he had started once upon a time.

So there's not question that he had had them in times past. And in my own estimation, there's no question that if left to his own devices, he and his son would still be running that place, attacking their neighbors and murdering their own people and developing a nuclear capability, especially in looking at what Iran is doing as their next-door neighbor and long-time adversary. And the whole place would be nuclearized.

Saudi Arabia would probably respond to that; other Sunni nations would respond to it. And you would have an entirely nuclearized part of the world that we don't have now. That would be extremely problematic for us from an oil standpoint, as well as a global stability standpoint.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Romney, that raises the question, if you were president of the United States, would you need to go to Congress to get authorization to take military action against Iran's nuclear facilities?

LOSER You sit down with your attorneys and tell you what you have to do, but obviously, the president of the United States has to do what's in the best interest of the United States to protect us against a potential threat. The president did that as he was planning on moving into Iraq and received the authorization of Congress.

MODERATOR Did he need it?

LOSER You know, we're going to let the lawyers sort out what he needed to do and what he didn't need to do, but certainly what you want to do is to have the agreement of all the people in leadership of our government, as well as our friends around the world where those circumstances are available.

But the key thing here is to make sure that we don't have to use military action against Iran. That's what you hope to be able to do. And that's why we're going to (have to ?) put a lot tougher sanctions on Iran, economic sanctions, credit sanctions. We're also going to have to get serious about treating Ahmadinejad like the rogue and the buffoon that he is.

And it was outrageous --

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER -- for the United Nations to invite him to come to this country. It was outrageous for Columbia to invite him to speak at their university. This is a person -- denied the Holocaust, a person who has spoken about genocide, is seeking the means to carry out. And it is unacceptable to this country to allow that individual to have the control of launching a nuclear weapon.

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER And so we will take the action necessary to keep that from happening. And I think each person on the stage, but certainly in my case I would make sure we would take the action necessary to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon.

MODERATOR Well, I guess I want to get to the basic constitutional view of you gentlemen. I want to start with Congressman Hunter, the same question. If -- I'd like to get a number of response -- this couldn't be more important. Do you believe that Congress has to authorize a strategic attack, not an attack on -- during hot pursuit -- but a strategic attack on weaponry in Iran? Do you need congressional approval as commander in chief?

 HUNTER Answer, Chris -- it depends on one thing First, I think the president does not need that if the target is fleeting. We live in this age of terrorists with high technology, and if you have a very narrow window to hit a target, if the president's going to have to take that on his shoulders, he's going to have to do it. He has the right to do that under the Constitution as the commander in chief of the military forces. If he has time, then certainly you want to go to Congress, as we did in Iraq, and get the approval of Congress. So it's a matter of whether or not the target is fleeting.

And with respect to Iran, Iran is walking down the path to build a nuclear device. They've got now about a thousand centrifuges; they claim they've got 3,000. At some point, we may have to pre-empt that target. If we do, it should be done hopefully with allies but perhaps by the U.S. alone.

MODERATOR Okay. Same question -- deadline, gentlemen, it's so important. Congressman Paul, do you believe the president needs authorization of Congress to attack strategic targets in Iran, nuclear facilities?

LOSER Absolutely. This idea of going and talking to attorneys totally baffles me. Why don't we just open up the Constitution and read it? You're not allowed to go to war without a declaration of war.

Now, as far as fleeting enemies go, yes, if there's an imminent attack on us, we'd never had that happen in 220 years. The thought that the Iranians could pose an imminent attack on the United States is preposterous. There's no way. This is just --

Not an imminent attack, a fleeting -- (inaudible) --

LOSER This is just war propaganda, continual war propaganda, preparing this nation to go to war and spread this war, not only in Iraq but into Iran, unconstitutionally. It is a road to disaster for us as a nation. It's a road to our financial disaster if we don't read the Constitution once in a while.

MODERATOR Around the horn, Congressman -- (applause) -- Governor Huckabee, same question. Do you need Congress to approve such an action?

LOSER A president has to do whatever is necessary to protect the American people. If we think Iran is building nuclear capacity that could be used against us in any way, including selling some of the nuclear capacity to some other terrorist group, then yes, we have a right to do it. And I would do it in a heartbeat.

MODERATOR Without going to Congress? Without going to Congress?

LOSER Well, if it's necessary to get it done because it's actionable right now, yes. If you have the time and the luxury of going to Congress, that's always better. But Chris, the most important single thing is to make sure --

MODERATOR And if Congress says no, what do you do? If Congress says no, what do you do, Governor?

LOSER You do what's best for the American people, and you suffer the consequences. But what you don't do is -- what you never do is let the American people one day get hit with a nuclear device because you had politics going on in Washington instead of the protection of the American people first. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

WINNER We're dealing of course with hypotheticals. If the situation is that it requires immediate action to ensure the security of the United States of America, that's what you take your oath to do when you're inaugurated as president of the United States. If it's a long series of build-ups, where the threat becomes greater and greater, of course you want to go to Congress; of course you want to get approval if this is a(n) imminent threat to the security of the United States of America.

So it obviously depends on the scenario, but if I were -- I would at minimum, I would at minimum consult with the leaders of Congress because there may become a time where you need the approval of Congress, and I believe that this is a possibility that is maybe closer to reality than we are discussing tonight.

MODERATOR Senator? Senator Thompson.

LOSER On this question? Yes, I think that -- I think John has it right.

I would add that under the War Powers Act there's always a conflict between the Congress and the president as to the exact applicability of that when an engagement lasts for a particular period of time and when they must come before Congress. I don't think anybody running for president should diminish the powers of the office before he gets there and take side in a hypothetical dispute.

But I would say that in any close call, you should go to Congress, whether it's legally required or not, because you're going to need the American people, and Congress will help you. If they are voting for it or they support it, or leaders, especially in the opposite party, are convinced in looking at the evidence that this is the right thing to do, that will help you with the American people. And we have learned that over the long term, in any conflict, we've got to have the strong support of the American people over a protracted period of time.

MODERATOR Okay, let's just bring it up to date on this, the political context, you know, Mayor, that Hillary Clinton has proposed -- she's co-sponsored legislation to do just this, require the president to come to Congress for any decision to go attack a nuclear facility in Iran.

LOSER It really depends on exigency of the circumstances and how legitimate it is that it really is an exigent circumstance. It's desirable. It's safer to go to Congress, get approval from Congress. If you're really dealing with exigent circumstance, then the president has to act in the best interests of the country.

And the point -- I think it was Congressman Paul -- made before, that we've never had an imminent attack -- I don't know where he was on September 11th. (Laughter.)

LOSER That was no country. (Applause.) That was 19 thugs. It has nothing to do with a country.

LOSER And there have been -- and since September -- well, I think it was kind of organized in Afghanistan and Pakistan. And if we had known about it, maybe hitting a target there quickly might have helped prevent it.

In any event, we've had 23 plots since September 11th where Islamic terrorists are planning to kill Americans, that we've had to stop. So imminent attack is a possibility and we should be ready for it.

Now, you asked me about Hillary Clinton. At the last Democratic debate, Hillary Clinton was asked by Tim Russert whether she agreed with my position on Iran. I like that form of debate, by the way.

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER Any time you want to do it that way. Ask her if she agrees with my other positions, as well. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR (Inaudible.)

LOSER But on Iran -- on Iran -- on Iran what she said was -- she was asked, would you take a strong position that Iran will not be allowed to become nuclear and that we would use a military option if we had to? And she didn't answer the question. Well, you've got to answer the question. The answer is, yes, we would. Iran is a greater danger than Iraq. Iraq cannot be seen in a vacuum. And we have to be willing to use a military option to stop Iran from becoming nuclear. If we're willing to do it, we have a much better chance --

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER -- at having sanctions work.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

MODERATOR Let me zero in on oil. Mayor Giuliani, under your leadership, how will this country become energy -- oil independent and strike the right balance between environmental conservation and oil exploration?

LOSER You know, the question that Chris asked before about whether or not we would have had to have gone to war in Iraq if we were energy independent or we didn't have to depend on Middle Eastern oil, I mean, that is -- I think the answer is we probably should have and would have gone to war against Saddam Hussein anyway, but maybe not.

And certainly they'd have less leverage. And I think Iran would be a lot more of a paper tiger if we were more energy independent. So this is -- and you could go on into a lot of examples like that.

This is a matter of national security. You've got to support all the alternatives. There's no magic bullet here -- biofuels, nuclear power. We haven't licensed a nuclear power plant in 30 years. We haven't had a new refinery in 30 years. We're on hold. Hydroelectric power, solar power, wind power, conservation -- we have to support all of these things. We've got to support them in a positive way, and this is an area in which the federal government, the president has to treat this like putting a man on the moon. It is a matter of national security.

One of the ways to win the Islamic terrorist war against us is for us to be energy independent.

MODERATOR But where do you draw the line? Do you support drilling off the coast of Florida, California?

LOSER You don't draw the line anywhere. What you do is you work with people to try to advance all of these technologies. You can't do everything; you can't do long-term damage to our environment. That would be a mistake, that would be an overreaction. You have to make sound judgments, and you have to advance these new technologies.

Why the heck haven't we licensed a nuclear power plant in 30 years? France is 80 percent nuclear; the United States is 20 percent nuclear, and we're going down to 15 percent.

It comes because of inaction. It comes because we're not willing to stand up and we're not willing to stand up sometimes to irrational fears and irrational special interests.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, the same question. Where do you draw the line? Do you support drilling/exploration off the coasts of Florida?

MODERATOR I think you go in every place that you can to find resources. I put forward a proposal for us to be energy-secure -- not independent, energy-secure -- in 15 years. I don't think it's realistic for us to say we can be independent of every country around the world on oil supplies or on energy supplies in the near future, given our dependence and given the nature of what the global economy is like.

But I think one of the key answers is right here in Detroit. We've got to get more electricity involved in our car fleet. There's a Chevy Malibu parked out front here that's a hybrid flex-fuel -- they've got hybrid cars. They have flex-fuel cars. I think that's a big part of the answer. I'd like to see us move forward with getting the first 20 to 30 miles off of electricity that you plug into at night. That's technology. We're putting forward tax credits and incentives to try to move that forward. That's something Detroit here needs to grab on and is. And that can move us forward as an industry and as a country.

MODERATOR But on the issue of exploration, you said yes to the coast of Florida, and you say yes to ANWR?

MODERATOR I voted yes for ANWR, and I would support those in other places, environmentally sound.

We have to do it in environmentally sound fashion.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo.

MODERATOR You bet. I would agree to exploration off the coasts. I mean, it's -- how fair is it today that Louisiana is producing all the oil that California and other countries (sic) are consuming, and they refuse to allow the exploration of oil of their coasts? I'd say if you don't -- if you won't allow it, you can't use it -- the stuff that we're getting from Louisiana. (Laughter.)

Now, the other thing is this -- when we talk about deficits, our trade deficits, it's -- by the way, it's not importing, you know, toys from China that causes it. The biggest chunk of our trade deficit is due to one thing and one thing only -- it's oil. That's where all the dollars flow. And where do they flow? To countries that want to kill us. So, yeah, you better drill every place you can here, and you better figure out every way to reduce your dependency on foreign oil.

MODERATOR John Harwood.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, ExxonMobil, Chevron and ConocoPhillips this past year earned a combined $72 billion in profits. Is that too much? Should the oil industry pay higher taxes, or should it be required to use some of those profits to help solve our energy problems?

WINNER I would hope that they would use those profits to further the cause of alternate energy, nuclear power, a lot of other ways that we have to employ in order to eliminate our dependence on foreign oil.

By the way, I wouldn't drill off the coast of Florida unless the people of Florida wanted to. And I wouldn't drill off the coast of California unless the people of California wanted to, and I wouldn't drill in the Grand Canyon unless the people in Arizona wanted to.

MODERATOR But you wouldn't require the oil industry to do those things --

WINNER I -- what's that?

MODERATOR You would not require the oil industry to use its profits to help pursue alternative energy?

WINNER I would not require them to. But I think that public pressure and a lot of other things, including a national security requirement that we reduce and eliminate our dependence on foreign oil -- and we stop the contamination of our atmosphere, which is -- and climate change, which is real and is taking place.

And we have now a confluence of two national security requirements. One is to address the issue of climate change, and nuclear power is a very big part of that. And it's also a requirement to not allow Chavez in Venezuela, Putin in Russia and the president of Iran to dictate world events, bully their neighbors and use oil as a weapon which would probably further terrorism and endanger this nation's national security. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, the federal government has spent years and billions of dollars promoting ethanol, but the result has been a glut of ethanol and gas prices that are still at record level. Wouldn't it be better to just let the free market determine whether ethanol makes economic sense or not?

LOSER I think ethanol and all biofuels are going to be an important part of the future energy needs of the country, but the accelerated pace at which we get there is critical for national security as well as for our own economic interest. The fact is, we keep talking about 15-, 20-, 30-year plans -- that's nonsense. If we don't start saying we'll do this within a decade, we're never going to -- ever going to get there, and we need to approach it the same way that a car does at the NASCAR pit stop You rush in, you get it done because you have to. We're in a race; we're in a race for our lives against people who want to kill us. And a lot of the reasons that we are entangled in the Middle East is because our money buys their oil, that money ends up coming back to us in the way of Islamofascism terrorists.

We've got to come to the place where everything is on the table -- nuclear, biofuels, ethanol, wind, solar -- any and every thing this country can produce. We once had a president who said, "Let's go to the moon in 10 years," and we were there in eight. And we did that when we started with a technology of bottle rockets when we got the thing launched. And we all saw that we can do it.

But we can't do it when we create this sense of we'll wait until another generation. We can't wait till another generation. Instead of running it like NASCAR, we've been running it like taking the family station wagon in for letting Goobar and Gomer take a look at it when they get time under the shade tree. (Laughter.) So it's critical that for our own interest economically and from a point of national security, that we become energy independent and commit to doing it within a decade.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, let me ask you to respond on ethanol. Should the government determine whether ethanol makes sense or should the market?

LOSER First I want you to explain for my friends here who Goober and Gomer are. (Laughter.)

Excuse me.

MODERATOR/HUCKABEE (?) (Inaudible) -- they watched Andy and Opie.

LOSER That's right. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR It's a southern thing, I guess.

Should the government determine whether ethanol makes economic sense, or should the free market make that determination?

LOSER Ultimately it will be the free market. But I think, like the governor says, I think that we're in a situation now where we've got to use everything that's available to us. I think renewables and alternatives are a part of that picture.

I don't look for it to last forever. When the industry gets up and running and on its feet again, I don't see the need for what we're doing now.

But you have to look at the bigger picture. Most economic downturns over the last 25 years have been preceded by a spike in oil prices. There's probably plenty of oil out there for the indefinite future. But price is an issue, and that brings in the whole question of the importance of stability in the world.

The United States, since the end of World War II, has been a force for stability and democracy, which helps bring about stability, for a long, long time. Our policies, with regard to places like the Middle East and Iraq right now, are very important with regard to the very issue we're talking about. Because instability and crises in the wrong parts of the world are going to cause dramatic results in the upward movement of the oil prices, and that could be devastating to our economy.

MODERATOR Quick follow-up Governor Romney, you said government shouldn't get involved in business and free markets. Yet we subsidized farmers to the tune of $26 billion last year. Will the government end up bailing out farmers again?

LOSER I believe in domestic supports for our agriculture industry. I don't want to see our food supply be in the same kind of a jeopardy situation that our energy supply is in. And clearly there's a responsibility of government to make sure that our farmers are treated on the same basis as farmers in Europe and other markets that we compete with.

We're in the middle of the Doha Round, the WTO talks, and if we find a way to bring down subsidies around the world, that'll be good news.

But with regards to energy -- and that's really the heart of what we're describing here -- one side of this is, of course, the fear; the fear of the fact that we face global warming, that we face serious competitive challenges globally unless we become serious with getting prices of energy down. But the other is the opportunity. It's a great opportunity for America to develop technology to lead the world in energy efficiency as well as energy production. And whether it's nuclear or liquefied coal, where we sequester the CO2, far more fuel- efficient automobiles -- by the way, where bureaucrats don't write the rules, but where business people come together and say let's find a way to make sure that the American -- the domestic industry can thrive. These are some of the incentives that have to be behind our policies with regards to our investments --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- in new technologies like ethanol.

MODERATOR Chris.

MODERATOR This is one of those 30-second, down-the-line, gentlemen, questions.

Polls show the Republicans are known as the party of national security and of moral values. The polls also show that voters look now, at least, to the Democrats to handle the economy.

How are you going to win back their confidence in order?

Congressman Paul.

LOSER Well, first, we have to have a sound economy and we don't. We're overtaxed, we're overregulated. We work with a currency that is non-functional, and our prosperity is slipping. And we are overextended overseas; you can't have a prosperous economy at home when you're spending all the money overseas.

You can't even have a strong national defense if you're spending all this money overseas in wars that we're not winning.

So if we want a prosperous economy here, we have to change these policies, and we can't be bailing out farmers and subsidizing ethanol. This is just the wrong way to go. The taxpayers pays (sic) for the subsidies, and then they pay for higher prices when they buy the gasoline or buy the food. It never works.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER The American people have always believed that the American dream was alive for them. Most of us here today, probably every one of us, are living better than we ever dreamed we would when we were kids.

But when I ask the question, "How many of you think your kids and grandkids are going to be living better than you," rarely does a hand go up.

A lot of what has to happen is a restoring of the resilience and optimism in this country, and part of that is making sure that they understand that we understand we've got big problems that need big ideas, things like a total overhaul of our tax system, and people who are running this country who grew up the hard way, with a struggle, who understand what it's like to not be sure that the next day is going to necessarily be a great and prosperous one.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

WINNER The American people no longer have trust or confidence in our government -- our failure -- Katrina, our failures in Iraq, our failures to get spending under control -- and we've got to restore that trust and confidence. If we're going to have real immigration reform, we're going to have to have trust that we will secure the borders.

The American people want us to stop the outrageous wasteful spending which has caused our Republican base to become disenchanted and disillusioned. We're going to have to do some -- make some tough decisions and make some hard choices. The American people are ready to accept them, but they want for us to be straight with them, and they want straight talk, that they will know the challenges and they will rise to meet them.

MODERATOR How do the Republicans win back confidence on the economy, Governor Romney?

LOSER First by being confident, not going out with a message of doom and gloom of all the problems we have, but instead pointing out that the future's going to be even brighter than our past, and I'm entirely convinced of that.

This nation has everything it needs to succeed around the world and at home. We have the heart of the American people, which is sound and alive and well. We have technology, innovation, capital. We need to have leadership that'll tell us the truth and actually lead. And vis-a-vis meeting with most likely Hillary Clinton, I can't wait to talk about the fact that I spent my life in the economy. I understand how jobs come and why they go. I know how to get a health care plan not just talked about but actually implemented. I know how to make sure that we keep our taxes down and our spending down. I know how to help American companies do business around the world and stop those foreign companies from coming in here unfairly. That's what I've done throughout my career. I can't wait to debate with her, because I've done it; she's just talked about it.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson.

LOSER I think we need to tell the American people the truth.

Congress's approval rating now is about 11 percent. I don't people -- I don't think anybody believes anything coming out of Washington anymore.

I think we need to tell them the truth, that our security is on the line, that our economy is on the line, that our prosperity is on the line. We're going to have to do some things differently. We're probably going to have to spend more than four percent of our budget, as we're spending right now, on our military. We are bankrupting the next generation and those yet to be born.

Those are truthful things that the American people, I think, have an intuition about. We need to own up to it. It's not all gloom and doom. We want to live in a world and a country that's free -- free markets.

People accept responsibility. People who play by the rules and work hard can expect to live the American dream. If they need help in this country, they get help. And those who can help themselves are expected to do so.

MODERATOR Mayor.

LOSER How about the vision of a robust, strong America, an America that looks at energy independence from the point of view of not only are we going to develop it for ourselves, but this is exactly what we could be selling to China and to India? They need energy independence more than we do. How about an America that fixes its health care system in the right way, so we can actually sell that abroad?

The possibilities for America in this global economy are endless if we don't put a lid on ourselves. Hillary Clinton, the governor mentioned, wants to put a lid on us. She wants to put a lid on our growth.

We want to give people freedom. I'll give you an example. Hillary the other day -- remember the Hillary bond program? She's going to give out -- she's going to give $5,000 to every child born in America -- with her picture it? (Laughter.) I think, right?

MODERATOR (Inaudible.)

LOSER Okay. Okay. Okay. I challenged her on it. I challenged her and she backed off that. She has a new one today. This one is she's going to give out $1,000 to everybody to set up a 401(k). The problem is, this one costs $5 billion more than the last one.

So, I don't know, Hillary is filled with endless ways to spend --

MODERATOR Okay. Congressman Hunter?

LOSER -- and we're going to have to control that.

 HUNTER Yeah. Chris, you know, we've got -- American families have watched $75,000-a-year jobs being pushed offshore, $60,000-a-year jobs being pushed offshore. They understand that something's wrong. And we've talked a little bit about the -- about the deficit, about $160 billion this year. The trade deficit is $800 billion this year.

And the one thing that we can do to restore confidence in the Republican Party is to be good businessmen and good leaders. Let's get rid of the bad trade deals, and let's bring them back to the table, our trading competitors, and make deals that give our guys sitting there at the kitchen table --

MODERATOR Okay.

 HUNTER -- with their families a fair shot at a good job, and give those small businesses that have been outdone by China's --

MODERATOR Okay.

 HUNTER -- cheating on trade a good chance at winning for a change.

MODERATOR Senator?

 HUNTER That's what we can do.

MODERATOR Senator.

Thank you.

MODERATOR I think real plans, like an optional flat tax -- (inaudible) -- personal Social Security accounts, and being optimistic.

This the most powerful nation in the history of mankind right now. Less than 5 percent of the world's population, yet 20 percent of the world's economy, a third of the world's military spending, 40 percent of our research and development budget around the world is in this country. I mean this place rocks, and I think we need to be optimistic and upward-looking of what this nation is. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman.

MODERATOR You want to raise wage rates in the United States. You want to reduce taxes in the United States. You want to encourage people to think about us as doing the right thing as Republicans do this -- stop illegal immigration into this country. We'll do all of these -- those things. And I'll tell you something else we need to do. I have never voted with Republicans more than I have since we've been in the minority. It's incredible. We're fighting Democrats now tooth and nail on every single thing, SCHIP -- great. You know what? Standing on principle is a good idea; too bad we didn't do it when we were in the majority.

Let's think about this now. Stop pandering. Stop pandering to all of these special interest groups. Do what's right regardless of whether or not people all agree with you when you take -- you know, this kind of put your finger in the wind. Do what you believe in. Stop pandering, they'll believe in us. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We have a special interest to hear from. Right now, we're taking a commercial break.

MODERATOR Welcome back to the Republican debate.

Let's switch gears, talk about Social Security and benefits. Senator Thompson, you seem to be one of the few that is willing to talk specific -- give specific steps to maintain long-term solvency of Social Security. Describe some of those specific steps.

LOSER Yeah. Well, you've hit on a major problem that we've got to come to terms with. We're looking at the short-term economic situation now, and I think it's very good news, but if you go out a little bit, you will see that we're not going to have Social Security and Medicare as we know it into the future. Our children and our grandchildren certainly are not. We are eating our seed corn. We are spending their money. We're pitting one generation against the next. We're better than that. We've got to do some things better than that, even though the choices are difficult.

Number one, we've got to make sure we have a growing economy. That means low taxes. That means less regulation. That means sound fiscal policies. That means less spending on the discretionary side. Our bridges and our infrastructure and things of that nature -- our national parks have got to be taken care of. But mainly, we have to let people provide for some of their own savings for their retirement while they're still working.

And then lastly, one of the other things that could be done would be to index benefits to inflation, index benefits to inflation for future retirees. It would not affect current or near-retirement people.

But for future retirees, instead of having nothing, which is what they're headed for under the current situation that's unsustainable, they would have protection, but it would be indexed to inflation instead of wages as it is today. And it would solve the problem for several years. It wouldn't solve it indefinitely, but it would give us a window of opportunity to get our arms around the problem, it would be a major step in the right direction.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

John?

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, I want to go back to something that came up earlier, that's the issue of trade. Governor Romney suggested that one reason our trade problems are so bad is that the negotiators for the Bush administration don't understand business well enough. Do you think that's part of the problem?

MODERATOR No, no. The negotiators for the Bush administration -- probably the worst vote I ever passed was the vote to give the president Fast Track. I wish I'd have never done it, and I'll tell you why -- because everything I have seen subsequent to that time has been a package, a trade package that I certainly am concerned about from this standpoint -- not necessarily just the trade issues that we're involved in -- I mean, you know, talking about the tariffs -- CAFTA. Here was a bill over a thousand pages long to what -- to do what, to reduce tariffs between the six Central American countries and the United States? That was about a paragraph, right? But it's over a thousand pages.

What worries me about what we've done in trade, what this administration has done in particular, is that we've included all kinds of things in there that had nothing to do with trade.

In particular, of course, I'm talking about the immigration-related issues. I offered an amendment on the floor of the House during the debate on CAFTA, the Central America Free Trade Agreement, to say that there will be no immigration issues contained inside of a trade package. It was defeated. The speaker -- I mean, the chairman of the committee came down in the House -- to the House floor and raged that I would ever suggest such a thing. There is the problem.

We are talking about trade issues that actually begin to impact our national sovereignty. There's the problem. We are reducing the importance of borders and increasing the threat to national sovereignty with the kind of trade programs that we put through up to this point in time.

MODERATOR Gerry.

SEIB Governor Romney, as you well know, health costs are a huge issue for the automakers in this city. Do you think the Republican Party should take the lead in ending the employer-based health care system we have now and replace it with something else? And if so, what would that be?

LOSER Well, I don't believe in replacing what we have, but I believe in improving it. And the way we improve something is not by putting more government into it -- of course that's what Hillary Clinton wants to do; Hillary care is government gets in and tells people what to do from the federal government standpoint. In my view, instead, the right way for us to go is to bring in place the kind of market dynamics that make the rest of the economy so successful.

So my plan gets everybody in America insured, takes the burden of free riders off of our auto companies and everybody else, and says let's get everybody in the system.

And to do that, we say, look, we're going to have states create their own plans. We did it in our state, and it's working. We're not going to have the federal government tell them how to do it.

Number two, we're not going to spend more money. Hillary Clinton's plan costs $110 billion. Mine says, let's use the money we're already spending a little more wisely.

And number three, instead of having the federal government give you government insurance, Medicare and federal employee insurance, let's have private insurance. Our solutions as Republicans have to be able to deal with the big issue of our time economically for the American family, and that's health care. Get the cost of health care down. Get everybody insured, but not in a government takeover, but by using the dynamics that have always made our other markets so successful.

And one more thing, and that is, our health care system right now really penalizes individuals that might want to buy their own insurance, as opposed to buying it through their company. And that's why I propose that people should be able to get their insurance individually, and it should be -- and get the same tax treatment as to whether the company buys it for them, or they buy it for themself. And all medical expenses would be tax deductible.

This issue, health care, is not a Democratic issue. It's a Republican issue. It's a Democratic fundraising opportunity. They go out and use it to raise money. But the right thing for health care is for us to apply market dynamics to get people insured, and to bring the cost of health care down. The plan that we put in place is doing just that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

This is a 30-second answer.

And the question is, are unions good for America? And please act like you're a member of a union and limit it to 30 seconds. (Laughter.) Okay?

I'll start with Congressman Paul. Please, we have limited time.

LOSER The right to unionize should be a basic right of any group. You should be able to organize. You should have no privileges, no special benefits legislated to benefit the unions, but you should never deny any working group to organize and negotiate for the best set of standards of working conditions.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER The real fact is, unions are going to take a more prominent role in the future for one simple reason A lot of American workers are finding that their wages continue to get strapped lower and lower while CEO salaries are higher and higher. And the reality is that when you have the average CEO salary 500 times the average worker, and you have the hedge fund manager making 2,200 times that of the average worker, you're going to create a level of discontent that's going to create a huge appetite for unions.

So unions are the natural result of workers finally saying, "Look, I can't go from a 70,000 (dollar)-a-year job to a $15,000-a- year job and feed by family of four." That's when unions are going to come back in roaring form.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

WINNER I think the unions have played a very important role in the history of this country to improve the plight and conditions of laboring Americans.

I think that like many other monopolies, in some cases they have then serious excesses.

I come from a right-to-work state. If someone wants to join a union in my state, they're free to do so, but they are not compelled to do so.

I think the key to unions is that any American has the right and privilege to join a union but should never be forced to do so. And this latest ploy of the Democrats of signing people up in the most willy-nilly fashion is something that needs to be rejected, because it will not protect the rights of workers who do not wish to join a union.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Senator McCain is sure right on that point. With regards to unions overall, there are some good ones and some not so good. The good ones are those that say, "How can we do a better and better job helping our members have better and better skills, and making sure that the enterprises they work in are more and more" --

MODERATOR Can you name a few "good" unions?

LOSER Yeah, like the Carpenters Union, for instance, does a great job training their members and making them more effective and more efficient, and they get higher compensation as a result of it.

There are also bad unions. I'm probably not going to name specific bad unions, but there are -- (laughter) -- but there are bad unions as well, which -- who go too far and who forget that in order for them to be successful, the enterprise that they're involved with has to also be successful.

And -- I mean, I remember my dad had a conversation long ago --

MODERATOR Okay, we have to get --

LOSER I'm just going to tell a story --

MODERATOR These are 30 seconds. I'm sorry, Governor.

LOSER (Inaudible) -- okay.

MODERATOR I have to cut you off. I'm sorry.

Senator?

LOSER I don't have to pretend that I'm a union member because I have been a union member some time -- the Screen Actors Guild still counts, doesn't it? (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Yes, sir.

LOSER All right.

No, I believe in the rights of workers to band together for their own purposes, no question about that. I do not believe a person ought to have to be a member of the union to work. I do not believe that union bosses ought to use union dues for political purposes that their members don't necessarily agree with, and I do not agree with them denying union members a secret ballot. But other than that, I think that they've done a lot of good over the years for this country and will continue to do so.

MODERATOR Mayor?

LOSER Sure, I think unions have made a positive contribution. My grandmother was an early member of the United Ladies Garment Workers Union, and I don't know that our family would have gotten out of poverty without that. So I have a great appreciation --

MODERATOR Can you sing that song, Mr. Mayor?

LOSER However -- pardon me?

MODERATOR Can you sing that song?

LOSER Can I sing the song? You don't want me to --

MODERATOR (Laughs.)

LOSER -- you don't want me to sing --

MODERATOR Work for the union label.

MODERATOR (Laughs.)

LOSER You do not want me to sing a song. Everybody will run out of this auditorium if I begin singing a song. I have a terrible voice.

But the reality is that there are good unions, and there are good unions. Our free economy is like that, and what -- you know, the UAW reached a very responsible pact the other day. I don't know that you could have gotten a solution like that if you didn't have a vibrant union. But there are ones that aren't good unions, and I think the senator is correct -- people should have a right to either belong to a union or not.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter.

 HUNTER I can tell you a good union, the Steel Workers Union. When last year, Chris, we had a strike in a Kansas plant that made the tires for our humvees, I called up the president of the Steelworkers and the president of Goodyear, and within a very short period of time, they were working together, they got that thing done for the good of the country.

A union is a receptacle of power, just like management. But those folks love this country, they love their family, and they helped to build a middle class, which has been important for America and for our party. We need to work with unions to win this presidency.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback.

MODERATOR Sure. They've been good for the United States, I think, historically. My mother was a union member. She was a mail carrier, a rural mail carrier. She called herself a "postal packin' grandma" for a good period of time. And it helped her on health care. It helped her, I think, in some negotiations.

I think there can be abuses, and I think you're seeing some of them taking place. Department of Labor is going through and looking at some of those abuses. And I think the government has to work aggressively to see that those don't take place and that there is effective oversight, which I don't think you see during a Democrat administration. I think that is good for union members to have that effective oversight.

MODERATOR Okay.

Congressman Tancredo.

MODERATOR Sam, I don't -- your mom, if she was a postal worker, believe me, she didn't need a union on top of Civil Service. (Laughter.) The fact is that --

MODERATOR Don't pick on my mother. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR I'm sure she's a sweetheart.

MODERATOR I love my mother. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR I'm sure she's a sweetheart, but she doesn't -- she didn't need --

MODERATOR Leave my mother out of this.

MODERATOR -- both, I'll guarantee you.

Really one of the problems is that we do allow civil servants to also have union benefits, and believe me, that becomes a conflict.

The creative conflict that occurs between unions and management is usually a good thing. When unions, I think, get off track is when they start to influence public policy, especially with regard to -- need I say it -- illegal immigration -- (laughter) -- allowing illegal immigration into the country, because they want to fill up their ranks.

 HUNTER My mother is not an illegal immigrant.

MODERATOR Because they want to fill up their ranks. That's why they can be problematic.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator McCain, President Bush said GM and Ford need to produce a product that's relevant rather than look to Washington for help. Do you agree?

WINNER I'm sorry, I didn't -- we're not hearing -- we're over in the cheap seats; we don't hear very well. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR I'll repeat the question. Are you hearing me now?

President Bush said that GM and Ford need to produce a product that's relevant rather than looking to Washington for help. Do you agree?

WINNER I agree with that, but I think we in Washington have an absolute requirement to bring health care costs down. I mentioned earlier the differential between Toyota and General Motors as far as the $1,700 worth -- worth $200. It's our responsibility to stop the cost aspects of health care, which is endangering the profitability and the competitiveness of our Detroit workers.

So of course they have to do it on their own. But it is our job to create a climate where we have both a safe and secure Social Security system but also health care costs under control so that they can be competitive with foreign products.

By the way, there are automobile manufacturers moving in the southern part of this country, as you know, that are doing very well because American workers are the most productive in the world.

And by the way, I have a glass of ethanol every morning before breakfast. (Laughter.) But I still don't support the subsidies, and I don't think we need them. And I think we ought to have sugarcane- based ethanol into this country, and I don't think that subsidies are the answer, because I'll open up every foreign market to our agricultural products, who are the most productive and best and most effective agriculture in the world.

And all of this stuff about free trade -- my dear and beloved Ronald Reagan -- all this bashing of free trade -- he must spinning in his grave.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, quick follow-up there. Thirty seconds, please. (Applause.) Chrysler is facing a possible walkout on Wednesday. Should the government step in and help Chrysler and the other automakers?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR Why?

LOSER Well, I think the government has to have a good reason to step in. I think it has to be something that drastically affects our economy. It might a little bit later on -- you'd have to cross that bridge when you came to it -- as something that affects our economy or our national security.

But I don't think the government ought to step in and have people know that the government will step in if they walk out an create that kind of situation.

MODERATOR Even if they say that they are at a disadvantage to foreign automakers.

LOSER Well, of course, they are. But that has nothing to do with the government stepping in. The government ought to relieve that disdavantage that we've got as far as foreign automakers are concerned, make them open up their markets and make certain markets quit devaluing their currency. That's where the pressure needs to be applied.

MODERATOR It took a long time. He said no; he should've stopped there. (Laughs.)

Anyway, Mr. Mayor, let me ask you about --

LOSER Well, then that's your opinion, Christopher. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Okay, let's go to the police. How would you police the Internet culturally, Mr. Mayor?

LOSER Pardon me?

MODERATOR How would you police the Internet culturally -- you know, the whole questions about the stuff that's going on -- predators, that sort of thing --

LOSER Sure. I think it's a very, very --

MODERATOR -- pornography. How do we do it?

LOSER I think it's the new serious area of crime that's emerging. I think that -- first of all, let's separate the economics from the safety and security, like we have to do with free trade agreements; that we should not tax the Internet. There are people who are propsing taxing the Internet. That'd be a really, really big mistake.

We should police the Internet in that we should make sure that child predators aren't taking advantage of the Internet, which they seem to be doing.

There are a lot of good state and local law enforcement efforts in that regard.

I think a task force between the federal government and state and local governments, in order to police it, to share information, to make sure it isn't being misused, to make sure it's protected -- I think working with -- one of the businesses that I have familiarity with is a business that I had some involvement with back in -- we sold it -- but they attack from the outside Internet systems in order to determine whether they can be penetrated. They also can set up protections against child predators, against pornography. Those are the kinds of things that we have to do.

It should -- it's a new area and a growing area of law enforcement. And I think that there are -- some of the task forces that have been developed have done some really good work in policing it.

MODERATOR Should we have an FCC-style agency for the Internet?

LOSER If it becomes worse, I mean, if this situation becomes worse and we're not getting control over it with the agencies that we presently have -- I'm not big on setting up new agencies. I'm sort of bigger on making the ones that we have work. That's how I reduced crime so effectively in New York. I didn't create a new agency. I made the ones that we have work, work better.

I think the FBI, I think state and local law enforcement, I think some of these Internet protection groups that you can track with -- I think they can do the job. If they can't, well, then you take a look at it.

MODERATOR And Senator McCain, you're saying no, absolutely not. Very quickly.

WINNER Absolutely not, but I also want to point out this Internet child pornography is a terrible evil. It's got to be addressed. And everybody knows the way you stop it is go after the money.

MODERATOR We'll take a short break, and then when we come back, our lightning rod (sic) segments. (Applause.)

MODERATOR We're back with a lightning round. Gentlemen, it's 30 seconds to respond. Just one person per question.

Governor Huckabee, the first one. President Bush last week vetoed a plan to expand health coverage for millions of lower-income children and in part because he says the 35 billion (dollars) it will cost over five years is too expensive. Would you have vetoed the bill, the SCHIPs?

LOSER First of all, I really would love to have had one of those minute-and-a-half questions with a 30-second follow-up, but since you're only giving me 30 seconds, let me do the best I can.

MODERATOR (Laughs.)

LOSER The president was caught in a tough political battle. The Democrats won the political battle. Unfortunately, the issue wasn't about children; the issue was about political posture. And the reality is you're going to create a huge problem for the Medicare Advantage Plan and shortfall that, and many of the kids who will be covered under the expanded SCHIP are people who already have insurance -- will be coming out of their insurance programs.

But the president was in a very incredibly tough position because 75 percent of the American people -- if I were president, I would never let that get to the point where that's the only option you have. You ought to make sure that you communicate to the American people --

MODERATOR But if it got there, would you have vetoed, Governor?

LOSER I'm sorry?

MODERATOR Would you have vetoed, it was handed to you, that bill?

LOSER You know, I'm not absolutely certain that that's going to be the right way because there are going to be so many issues we've got to fight, and the political loss of that is going to be enormous.

And I just believe this. One thing we've got to remember There's a real problem in the health care issue where Democrats say they want the government to control it.

Republicans say, we want private insurance to control it. Some people want the businesses to control it.

Let me tell you what the real answer is letting individuals control their own, and let them own it. (Applause.) That's the real need, because I don't trust government and I don't trust the insurance companies. I trust me with my health care.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Maria.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Governor Romney, Arab Americans are feeling a bias after September 11th from their fellow Americans. Since we're in Dearborn, Michigan, one of the largest Arab Americans -- populations in the country, how would you change that?

LOSER Well, of course, we remind people that this is a nation that recognizes the equality of all individuals. We welcome people from all nations to come here. We also want to make sure that our nation is kept safe. And we're going to pursue any avenue we have to to assure that people who might be preaching or teaching doctrines of hate or terror are going to be followed into a church or into a school or a mosque or wherever they might be.

But we welcome people of all backgrounds and faiths, and we don't discriminate against people based on those things. The countries that we're battling around the world -- they're the ones that distinguish based on those things, and we don't. And we of course welcome Arab Americans here in Dearborn and in places across our country.

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, what are the dangers of a weak dollar?

LOSER Dangers of a weak dollar is that it will damage us internationally. We've got to have a strong dollar because of the creditors that we have there. It helps our exports to a certain extent now, and we're enjoying that part of it.

But any president of the United States has to stand behind a strong dollar. The whole world needs to know that we are good for our obligations.

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, Hillary Clinton says that one of our biggest economic threats right now is how much of our federal debt is owned by foreigners, owned overseas. Do you agree?

LOSER Actually, the concern there should be the way to balance that is to sell more things overseas. That's the usual Democratic pessimistic approach to -- you know, how bad things are and how terrible things are. How about we try an optimistic approach? The way to balance the books is sell more overseas. Sell energy independence. Sell health care. Let's do it like a -- in a positive way.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, who would be your top economic adviser, your ideal adviser for economics?

MODERATOR (Pause.) I like the former chairman of the Federal Reserve's thoughts that he has, would be a key individual. There would be -- I think you'd need to get really an amalgam of people on economic issues. You know, you talk about having -- economist says on this hand, it goes this way, on that hand it goes this way, and so they always are saying they're looking for a one- handed economist. I think on economics, because the things do move around on you, you need a number of people. There's even a pretty good one in the audience in Phil Gramm, the former senator out of Texas.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, has Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke cut interest rates aggressively enough?

WINNER (Off mike.)

MODERATOR Has Ben Bernanke cut rates aggressively enough?

WINNER I'm not -- don't have that kind of expertise to know exactly whether he has cut interest rates sufficiently or not, and that's why we've put that responsibility in the hands of the head of the Federal Reserve.

I do know that this nation has faced some pretty good blows in the last month or so with the credit crunch and the subprime lending. I'm glad that -- whenever they cut interest rates. I wish interest rates were zero. But we leave those responsibilities to the smartest people we can find, and I think that so far, he's done a good job.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, do you promise to support the nominee of the Republican Party next year?

LOSER Not right now I don't, not unless they're willing to end the war and bring our troops home, not unless they're willing to look at excessive spending.

WINNER You don't want me then, pal.

LOSER No, I'm not going to support them if they continue down the path which has taken our party down the tubes. I mean, we've lost credibility because of all our spending, because we have violated the civil liberties of all the American people, and we have adopted the Democrats' foreign policy.

Why don't we run on George Bush's foreign policy of a humble foreign policy and no nation building and don't police the world? Then I'll support them.

MODERATOR Okay. Let me try that by a couple of gentlemen on the right over here.

Mr. Tancredo, would you pledge now to support the nominee of your party?

MODERATOR You know, I've said I don't know how many times that I am absolutely tired and sick and tired of being forced to go to the polls and say I'm going to make this choice between the lesser of two evils. I really don't intend to do that again.

I am hoping, of course, that whoever we nominate will be the principal flag carrier for the Republican Party, but if that is not the case, no, then I will not.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, same question. Would you support the nominee before you know who it is?

MODERATOR You know, I will support the nominee of this party. I think it's a big party that has a lot of different people and a lot of different philosophies, and I believe that person that's going to lead the party will be somebody that is pro-growth and pro- life. I think these are two pivotal, key foundation issues that this party needs to stand for. (Applause.)

MODERATOR But if not, if they are not, would you still support them?

MODERATOR (Off mike) -- it's going to be, and I'm going to support the nominee of the party.

MODERATOR Congressman?

 HUNTER Yeah, I would support the nominee of the party, but also work with whoever that nominee is to make sure that they understand that the Republican Party was built on a respect for human beings, and I think if we lose that respect and that protection for unborn human beings, then the party that Abraham Lincoln founded will be no more. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Okay, thank you.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, is London going to replace New York as the financial capital of the world?

LOSER Pardon me?

MODERATOR Is London going to replace New York as the financial capital of the world, and if so, what are you going to do to change that?

LOSER (Laughs.) No how, no way. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Well, we're seeing an increased number --

LOSER Come on.

MODERATOR We're seeing increased amounts of business go to London. (Cross talk, Laughter.)

LOSER Let's stop all this stuff with our head down. London going to replace New York? Give me a break. Of course, London's not going to replace New York.

MODERATOR Well, the number of IPOs is higher in London in '07 than in New York.

LOSER Or is the U.K. going to replace the United States of America? This is the strongest economy on earth. It's the last best hope of humanity. We have been like that. If this generation can't keep it that way, shame on us. This country is the leader in the world. When Congressman Tancredo talks about the immigration problem, how about -- look at it this way.

What country do millions of people want to come to -- the United States of America. What country -- I don't care if they bash us all over the world. What country do they most want to come to? What country do they most want to copy? What are China and India trying to do? China and India are trying to develop themselves to be like us, which is why we've got a heck of a lot we can sell to them, if we just put on our entrepreneurial hats and act like confident Americans.

MODERATOR So how do you explain the loss of business in New York going to London? How do you explain some companies complaining about Sarbanes-Oxley and complaining about -- (inaudible) -- society in America?

LOSER Well, I explain it based on some of the mistakes that we make when we overregulate and we overtax. Our corporate tax rate is the second highest in the world. The president of France wants to lower the corporate tax rate.

Everybody around the world wants to lower corporate tax rates but the leading Democratic candidates, who want to raise taxes 25 or 30 percent. (Applause.) That would be a disaster for this country.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, same question.

LOSER Is London going to replace New York? Of course not. Should we fix Sarbanes-Oxley and take out Section 404 as it applies to smaller companies? Of course we should.

Is this country the hope of the world? Absolutely.

And would I support the Republican nominee? Of course. I want that nominee, however, to come out of the same mold as Ronald Reagan. And that's somebody who is strong for our military, strong for our economy and strong for our family values.

And by the way, in terms of supporting these guys -- (applause) -- I'd -- you know, I've come to know these people now over these debates. How many -- is this our sixth debate, I think, something like that? And this has a lot -- this is a lot like "Law and Order," Senator. (Laughter.) It --

MODERATOR Okay, thank you.

LOSER No, it has a huge cast, the series seems to go on forever --

MODERATOR Okay.

Senator --

LOSER -- and Fred Thompson shows up at the end. (Laughter, applause, cross talk.)

MODERATOR Senator --

LOSER And to think I thought I was going to be the best actor on the stage. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Okay. Let me ask you, Senator -- this is the first presidential debate up near the border. We're only a few minutes from the Canadian border. We're surrounded, in fact very close to our strongest trading partner. We buy more from Canada than we do from China. We sell them about four times as much as we buy from them.

They're incredibly friendly with us, although they don't share our foreign policy. Tell me about the prime minister of Canada, how we can get along with -- who is the prime minister of Canada?

LOSER Harper.

MODERATOR Okay. Tell me about him.

LOSER Prime Minister Harper.

MODERATOR What are relations going to be? We always ignore that relationship.

LOSER Well, I've never met him, but our relationship is fine. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Just leave him alone. Just leave it alone. I mean, my point is, our friends don't get much attention. Do you have any thoughts?

LOSER Well, our friends ought to get plenty of attention. I mean, the challenges that we're going to face internationally, especially in the future, are going to require our working better with our allies and realizing, for example, that in the global war on terror, this is a (fight ?) by the forces of civilization against the bad guys. And everybody's got a stake in it, whether they realize it or not.

So, certainly we ought to work with Canada economically. We -- we -- we get more oil from them, I guess, than anybody. And they have more potential oil to sell than an awful lot of people. So they're important economically, and all of our allies are important for our national security.

MODERATOR Okay. Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR Government Huckabee, how do you fix airline travel in this country, and how do you pay for it?

LOSER Well, as president, that would be one of the first things I'd like to do, since I've spent most of my year on an airline this entire time. (Laughter.) First of all, we've got to have the kind of technology on the ground that we have in the cockpit. We've got Jetsons-level technology that's running the cockpit; we have the Flintstones technology on the ground that's controlling the airplanes. (Laughter.) And it's ridiculous.

And the second thing, we've got an incredibly archaic method of the controls where you have incredible traffic coming in to key hubs. I don't want to re-regulate the industry, but the industry's going to have to start either getting in the program -- and one thing they've got to stop doing is holding the passengers hostage on airplanes for hours and hours without any way of being able to get off those planes. And part of it, I think, is let's make sure that the consumer gets a voice in what happens. And it's out of control --

MODERATOR Thanks, Governor.

LOSER -- and it's got to be a priority.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, this is close to your heart. How would you catch bin Laden?

WINNER I would establish an organization not unlike the OSS in World War II. People who are smart, people who are tough; people who are used to operating independently, and the smartest and most talented people I know. And I would let them loose, and I'd say find this guy and do whatever is necessary to get him.

By the way, supporting the nominee to the party, of course I would support me.

MODERATOR (Laughs, laughter.)

WINNER The president of France is a pro-American. I'm glad he's doing what he's doing, and it shows that if you live long enough anything is possible. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Maria.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, what -- (interrupted by cheers, applause).

MODERATOR What -- Governor Romney, what is the greatest, long-term threat to the U.S. economy?

LOSER Our sense of optimism. America has to be optimistic and recognize that there's nothing we can't overcome. We face extraordinary challenges, absolutely. We face jihadism, the emergence of Asia as a competitor, our overspending, our overuse of oil, the failure of our health care system, and yet we can't be burdened down with that. We have to recognize that what we have as Americans is the envy of the world. We have technology, we have innovation, we have great schools, we have great families, we have great homes; what we need to have is leadership that'll tell us the truth, lay out the vision of where we can go and actually lead, and I want to be able to do that for America.

MODERATOR Very quickly, Senator Brownback.

MODERATOR The breakdown of the family is our biggest long- term problem we have. You've got 36 percent of the children born out of wedlock in Detroit --

MODERATOR Greatest economic threat.

MODERATOR Yes, on a long-term basis. Because if you don't start children -- and you can raise a good child in a single-parent family. You can do that. But we do know by the broad numbers that the best place is between a mom and a dad, and in our inner cities, you're looking at 65, 70 percent of the children born out of wedlock.

You know, your best way to solve your education, your crime rate problems, your drug problems is to get more children in that stable environment. It's a tough issue. This is a tough issue. But long term, I think that's our biggest problem.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, would it be good for the country, for the voters of the country, to have a third-party option?

LOSER Well, we've had third party options. I think our two-party system has served us well. I think that generally is the way our democracy operates. I'd like to point out that I think the biggest economic problem we face long-term is our education, our K through 12 education. (Applause.) If we can reform that and change it around choice, I think there's -- the sky's the limit for the United States, and I think there's a looming problem with Canada that you missed.

If we do HillaryCare or socialized medicine, Canadians will have no place to go to get their health care. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator Thompson, Senator Thompson, this was your first debate. How did it feel?

LOSER Just like home. (Laughter.) I didn't say which kind of home.

MODERATOR Do you regret waiting so long?

LOSER No, I don't think I waited too long. It seems about right to me. (Laughter.) I've enjoyed --

MODERATOR Are we out of questions?

LOSER I've enjoyed watching these fellas. I've got to admit, it was getting a little boring without me, but -- (laughter) -- I'm glad to be here now.

MODERATOR Our thanks to the audience today. Our thanks to the candidates. Gentlemen, thank you very much. (Applause.)

MODERATOR
Tavis Smiley, host of "Tavis Smiley" on PBS.

SMILEY The podium order was determined by a random drawing that included all 10 announced GOP candidates.

Those candidates not here tonight are represented by an empty podium. Each candidate will have one minute to answer all questions until we get a little short on time later, and then we'll use moderator's prerogative to advance the conversation.

Before we get to the first question tonight, from our radio contest winner at BlackAmericaWeb.com, let me throw this out to each of you candidates who are here tonight, starting with you, Governor Mike Huckabee.

Please tell me and this audience, in your own words, why you chose to be here tonight and what you say to those who chose not to be here tonight.

LOSER Well, Tavis, I want to be president of the United States, not just president of the Republican Party. Frankly, I'm embarrassed. I'm embarrassed for our party and I'm embarrassed for those who did not come, because there's long been a divide in this country, and it doesn't get better when we don't show up.

Quite frankly, for a lot of people there's a perception that Black Americans don't vote for Republicans. I proved that wrong in Arkansas, with 48 percent of African Americans voting for me.

But I want to make sure that the people of this country recognize that we've come a long way, but we have a long way to go. And we don't get there if we don't sit down and work through issues that are still very deep in this country, when it comes to racial divide.

I'm honored to be here. I appreciate you having us. I wish all of the candidates had come. But tonight we hopefully will make up their time and make up their ground.

SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Paul?

LOSER Well, the main reason I'm here is because I was invited. And I'm delighted that I was invited. And I'm very pleased, because I go wherever I'm invited to talk about freedom. That, to me, is the most important thing, along with the emphasis on the Constitution.

I believe so strongly that individuals have their rights and their life as a gift from God, and the purpose of government is to protect life and liberty.

But I'd also like to extend that. If you have the fruits of your labor, I would like you to keep the fruits of your labor as well.

And under those conditions and under a freedom philosophy and under the Constitution, we would be so much more prosperous, because we wouldn't be policing the world, we would be bringing our troops home, and we would take care of our people here at home.

SMILEY Thank you, Congressman. Senator Brownback.

MODERATOR Thank you very much for having us here.

I want to say just at the outset, I apologize for the candidates that aren't here. I think this is a disgrace that they're not here.

I think it's a disgrace for our country, I think it's bad for our party, and I don't think it's good for our future.

You know, you grow political parties by expanding your base, by reaching out to people and getting more people. What they're doing is sending the message of narrowing the base, and that's not the right way to go. It's not good for the Republican Party, it's not good for the country. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry to you and I'm sorry to those watching that they're not here.

I've got a suggestion, though, for a way to fix it. A lot of people on the Republican side say Well, OK, we can't get votes in the African American community. I say Why don't you pick one of the early primary states, like a South Carolina or a Michigan, register Republican, and vote for one of the six of us?

And then let's see what takes place.

SMILEY Senator Brownback, thank you very much. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR Thank you, Tavis. I am here likewise because I was asked and because I made a commitment on your show. I must admit to you that it is pleasurable and a little bit different to be in this kind of an environment with my colleagues who are here because the last time I was at an event of this nature, it was the NAACP convention and I was the only Republican that showed up.

So I am glad that my colleagues have joined me on the stage tonight.

And I am especially glad to be here to be able to talk about something that was mentioned during the original introduction, something you said, I believe, Tavis, when you talked about -- we're here to talk about the promise of America.

And that is what drives me, that's -- I think, probably all of my colleagues up here. That is exactly why we can get up, do the next event, go get on the plane, do the next event. It is because the promise of America is something that we all have to actually share in, and we have to explain to everybody that's listening to us how we would fulfill that, what would we do for that promise of America -- to every single person in this room and for every person listening on the radio and television tonight.

SMILEY Thank you, sir.

MODERATOR So, certainly, that's why I am here to do so.

SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.

You know, when we have family reunions and some of the family members don't show up, we do talk about them.

But I'm not going to do that.

You know, tonight we have about 160,000 Americans in Iraq -- in a war. We have over 20,000 of our uniform personnel in Afghanistan. And I'm going to talk, tonight, about how we leave Iraq in victory.

We have a border and we've got a big piece of this border, obviously, shown right behind us here. We have a border which is on fire with massive amounts of narcotics and people being smuggled across, illegally, as we stand here. I want to talk about that.

But you know, most importantly, I want to do what my little grandson did when he walked up to his first grade teacher about a month ago, stuck his hand out, said, "My name is Duncan Hunter."

We call him "D-3."

And he said, "My grandpa's going to be president."

And then this little 6-year-old looked his teacher right in the eye and he said, "Now, can I count on your vote?"

I'm coming here for your vote.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES Now, I wouldn't want to seem to be the fellow who's going to speak up in defense of our absent colleagues here.

But I think it is a little unfair to assume that they didn't show up tonight because they were sending a message of some negative kind to the Black community, for the very obvious reason that they didn't show up at the Values Voters Debate, either -- which, of course, sent a very negative message to the people who are interested in the issues that were discussed there.

Do you know what these two debates do have in common though? The Values Voters Debate was the first debate I was included in. And this is the second debate I'm included in.

I've been barred from the debate in Michigan, for reasons best known to the party there. And what do you want to make of that? The other guys will show up there.

Now, that suggests that they may or may not be afraid of all Black people, but there seems to be at least one Black person they're afraid of.

And I think the reason -- the reason that they have this fear is pretty evident. They don't believe that it's possible to address a significant portion of the Black community...

SMILEY Mr. Ambassador?

AMB. KEYES ... on the basis of solid Republican principles, and I do.

SMILEY Mr. Ambassador, thank you very much for being here.

Let me now introduce, to get this conversation really started, Lucille Victoria Rowels of Chicago, winner of our online contest in which we asked listeners of the "Tom Joyner Morning Show" to submit their questions to the Web site.

Lucille, please welcome her.

ROWELS Even though a majority of individuals who have served as president since Abraham Lincoln have been Republican, I believe that most Black Americans who will vote in the year 2008 are not able to name even one Republican president in the 142 years since Lincoln's death who have left a positive and significant legacy for Black Americans.

If you are elected president in 2008, what positive and significant legacy, if any, will you leave for Black Americans?

SMILEY Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, I would say, first of all, that I would hope they would name President Eisenhower. Because he sent those troops and federalized the National Guard in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1957, when it was a Democrat governor who stood at the schoolhouse door and said those young people couldn't come in.

And I would like to believe, if I were fortunate enough to be the president, that at the end of my tenure -- hopefully, eight years, by the way, not just four -- that housing opportunities would be better, that we made some real strides in the criminal justice system so that you don't have a different sentence for a 17-year-old kid caught with a lid of marijuana than you do some upper-middle-class white kid who gets caught with cocaine. He goes to rehab, and the Black kid goes to prison for 10 years.

We'd change that. We'd have a different system as it relates to such things as health care, because there is a disproportionate level of people in the African American community with hypertension, with stroke, with diabetes. And there needs to be a disproportionate level of funding to help them.

Those are the kind of things that could make a difference and end this divide that we have.

SMILEY Governor, thank you. Congressman Paul?

LOSER I would like to believe that if we had a freer society, it would take care of Blacks and whites and everybody equally because we're all individuals. To me, that is so important. But if we had equal justice under the law, I think it would be a big improvement. If we had probably a repeal of most of the federal laws on drugs and the unfairness on how Blacks are treated with these drugs laws, it would be a tremendous improvement.

And also, I think that if you're going to have prosperity, it serves everybody. And if this is done by emphasizing property rights and freedom of the individuals, making sure that the powerful special interests don't control Washington, that the military industrial complex doesn't suck away all the wealth of the country, and then we would have prosperity.

This is what we need and we need to share it. The free society is the only society that can provide goods and services and distribute them in the most fair manner. And that is the society that I would advocate and argue for and believe it's available to us.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR Lucille, it's a great question. It's one we should ponder and ponder seriously. There are several things that I would do. One is focusing in on rebuilding the family, and that's been at the core of my campaign -- is rebuilding the family.

We pushed that in Washington D.C. where I chaired the committee and developed marriage -- development accounts, and really urging that.

The second one is I think symbols are important, and I would hope I would be the president that would open the National African American Museum of History and Culture on the Mall in Washington, D.C.

I pushed for that. We've gotten the funding on it. And that symbolism would be important to do.

And the final thing that I think is critical that we do. I think we need to have -- and we need to pass in the Congress, and the president sign it and say it, an official apology from the U.S. government for the institutions of slavery and segregation in this country. I think that needs to be done.

SMILEY Senator, thank you. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR Thank you.

First of all, I do believe that there are a number of Republican presidents who have done a great deal for Black Americans, because they've done something for all Americans.

Ronald Reagan, from my point of view, did something for every single American by increasing individual liberty.

You know, it is, I think, destructive to only talk about the politics of race, and suggest that all of the actions taken, or all of the specific programs that we identify and talk about tonight should be focused on race.

It really does not do a service, I think, to us as Americans and again, that promise to America. And I'll tell you this, one of the things that I will do as president of the United States, to increase the economic opportunities for every American, especially people in the lower economic rung of the ladder in America, is to reduce the flow of illegal immigration into this country, which depresses wage rates for the lowest-income earners in this country.

And it's got to be dealt with. It's got to be dealt with forcefully. And I tell you, yes, Black America, brown America, white America, all will be enhanced by actually enforcing our laws.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.

What a wonderful question. And, you know, I think that we also have to add, with Governor Huckabee's statement about Ike, that calm hand of Dwight Eisenhower that brought about desegregation -- also, you know, in 1964, that Civil Rights Act was passed with a greater proportion of Republican votes in the United States Congress than Democrat votes, a fact that's been forgotten over the years. I want you to remember that.

But, you know, I can't talk about young Black Americans, the need for them to be shielded from pornography, which is certainly a need, without talking about the need for all Americans to be shielded from pornography.

And in the barrio where I practiced law before I ran for Congress and got this job, I remember Mr. Sanchez down the street with his family, working 18-hour days, a need to have less regulation, less taxation. That would help all Americans.

And I guess I would go with Jack Kemp's great statement A rising tide lifts all boats. A Republican administration, my administration, would lift all boats.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Ambassador Keyes.

AMB. KEYES I would hope that the most important legacy of my administration would be to remind people that in spite of all the talk, I don't believe there is this deep divide between Blacks and whites in America.

I believe that we are, in fact, part of one nation and one community, and that we stand together right now in danger of our rights, because the core of that community is not race; the core of that community is not money. The core of that community is the moral consensus that we are all created equal and endowed by our creator, God, with our unalienable rights that we have the right in our policies and in our laws to honor and respect the creator, God.

And as a practical matter, I would want to see that unity, that moral understanding restored where it is most important -- in the education of our young by adopting an approach to education that empowers every parent in this country to send their children to schools that reflect their faith and values...

SMILEY Ambassador...

AMB. KEYES ... so that the Black community can re-instill moral, community-based schools that reflect their Christian beliefs.

SMILEY I appreciate it. Lucille, thank you very much.

Let me now turn this conversation over to a terrific and very able panel of journalists who will take us the rest of the way.

First up, Cynthia Tucker, editorial page editor for the "Atlanta Journal Constitution" and a recipient this year of the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary. Please welcome Cynthia Tucker.

Up next, Ray Suarez, well known to PBS viewers for his work on "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer." Please welcome Ray Suarez.

And JuanMODERATOR of NPR and a contributor to FOX News channel. Please welcome JuanMODERATOR.

SMILEY Ms. Tucker will start the conversation. Governor Huckabee will answer first. And then we will move down the line giving every candidate the chance to answer the next question first.

Cynthia Tucker for Governor Huckabee.

CYNTHIA TUCKER Governor, I want to ask about race and unemployment.

In 2006, the unemployment rate of Black high school graduates -- that's high school graduates -- was 33 percent higher than the unemployment rate for white high school drop outs. What do you think accounts for that inequity?

LOSER Cynthia, part of that is it is that there is still racism in this country, and the opportunities aren't the same. Some of it has to do with the fact that there are people who unfortunately still look at a person's face and their skin, and that's something that government can't change, but leadership certainly can speak to.

One of the things all of us need to be aware of is that there isn't an equal opportunity for every American yet. There just isn't. We could say there is, but it's not true.

And in some cases, it's because those who try to lift themselves up find that they get most importantly the heel of someone's boot on top of their head every time they try to raise their head.

And the reason answer is to make sure that there are not only educational opportunities that bring equality, employment opportunities that ensure that people have the same chances as anybody else.

SMILEY Governor, thank you. Congressman Paul?

LOSER WalterMODERATOR, a very astute free-market economist, has studied this extensively, and he has found that prior to minimum wage laws there was no discrepancy like this. So he put a lot of blame on the minimum wage law. Once government gets interfering, this takes away opportunities. And I believe there is a lot of truth to this because it eliminates an opportunity and a chance for a marginal worker.

So once again, though, the economy is supported only when you have a sound economy perpetuated by a government with sound policies. You have to have sound money. You have to have minimum taxes. You have to have, you know, a wise foreign policy.

But I have a bill in that might help a lot of people, Black or white or whomever. I have a bill in that would immediately help these people who are trying to get a start, that they would never have to pay any taxes or payroll taxes, if they just happen to be a waiter or a waitress, to give them a chance to get ahead and get a good job.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you, sir. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR I think there's a couple of things -- I think there's a couple of things that are at work here. One is, I think clearly, we still don't have a colorblind society. And we're seeing that. We continue to see it.

I think we've made some great progress. I've worked with Congressman John Lewis on a number of projects, worked with him on this museum that I just spoke about tonight. That museum is going to happen, and we worked together.

But there is still racism that does exist in America.

There is a second issue here that I think we need to address, and it's the growth of the economy, particularly where people are located.

I come from a rural state of Kansas. And I've got places in my state where there's economic growth taking place, and I have places where it's not.

And what you have to do to try to stimulate it is really have a tax policy, something I've talked about, about an optional flat tax, and maybe you put it in places where they need the economic growth to take place more than in other places. So you stimulate the growth of the economy where people are needing the most opportunities to grow.

And that's something I would do and work on. And I think it is part of the issue.

SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR OK, I just cannot agree with this race-baiting kind of comments about the reason why we have these problems.

My friends, I'll tell you that I believe, with all my heart -- look, why was it that in the '50s, in the '40s, and actually leading up into the early '60s, the ability for Blacks in the United States to improve themselves economically was working? They were moving up the ladder.

Families were in tact -- in better shape, by the way, than most white families of that same period of time. What happened? Two things have happened to -- I believe -- to devastate the Black community when it comes to economic opportunity.

One, the welfare state; it began to pay people to not be in the home.

And when that happened, what we saw is a decline in wage rates.

And two, of course, is the importation of millions upon millions of low-income workers that depress the wage rates for the lowest income among us. Those two things are responsible, and it's got nothing to do with race.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you.

You know, Republicans, when we had that great match up of a Republican majority in Congress in the '90s and President Bill Clinton, the Republicans initiated legislation three times to reform welfare.

The first two times, President Clinton vetoed it, and the third time he signed it and took credit for it. It's something I've done every now and then in my career.

When we did that, let me tell you what happened. The number of jobs of single moms, the employment rate went up. Families did much better. You had the average income go up in the communities where the welfare reform took place. You had, according to HHS, 32 percent increase in employment in those jobs and in those families which previously were on welfare. We did very, very well by breaking this cycle of welfare.

But lastly, there is one party that is very important to jobs, jobs in the community for everybody.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER That's the small businessman. If we help the small businessman, and that's a Republican trademark, we'll do it...

SMILEY Thank you, sir, very much. Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES I have to say I think the most important factor in all of this does have something to do with policies that had an impact on race, but it was the disproportionately destructive impact that a lot of government programs had on the moral foundations and family structure in the Black community.

You talk about folks finding job opportunities. You know where a lot of Black men find job opportunities these days? In prison.

And that is something that reflects the reality that when you allow the family to break down, when you have government regulations that drive the father from the home, you have established the conditions for the upbringing of children to be nonproductive, to be violent, to be turned in directions that will be destructive of their economic future.

And when you add to that the promotion of a culture of promiscuity, a culture of selfish hedonism, that leads people not to understand that that marriage partnership is the most important foundation of any real economic life, then you have especially destroyed the Black community.

And I believe the disproportionate impact of these negative things...

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes, thank you sir.

AMB. KEYES ... has accounted for a lot of these bad results.

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes, thank you. Ray Suarez will get the next question now. Congressman Paul will answer first.

RAY SUAREZ Congressman Paul, the most commonly cited statistic for the number of illegal immigrants living in the United States is 12 million people. Is it desirable, is it even practical to try to send them all home?

If the next Congress passes comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship, will you sign it, or will you support sending the 12 million home?

LOSER I'm very sorry, but I didn't hear your last sentence, because of the acoustics.

SUAREZ In the next Congress, if the next Congress passes immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship, will you sign it, or will you support sending the 12 million home?

LOSER I would not sign a bill like you describe, because it would be construed -- and it would be amnesty, and I haven't supported amnesty.

I also think that it's pretty impractical to get an army in this country to round up 12 or maybe 20 million. But I do believe that we have to stick to our guns on obeying the law, and anybody who comes in here illegally shouldn't be rewarded. And that would be the case.

But I see the immigration problem as a consequence of our welfare state. Welfare because we encourage people not to work here, but the welfare we offer the people who come -- they get free medical care. They get free education. They bankrupt our hospitals. Our hospitals are closing. And it shouldn't be rewarded. That means that if you don't round them up, you don't reward them, you don't give them citizenship. At the same time, you can't solve this problem until you have -- you get rid of the welfare state, because in a healthy economy, immigrants wouldn't be a threat to us. There would probably be a desire for more, because we would be starved for workers.

But today, they have become scapegoated because of the weak economy and the lowering of our standard of living.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you, sir. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR Thanks. Thanks, Ray, for the tough question.

The American people are for immigration. They don't support illegal immigration. That's what they want to see take place. They want a legal system. They're for legal immigration; they're not for illegal immigration.

We've been through this debate now for a couple of years. They want to see us secure the border, and that's something I will push and do and have voted for and will in the future.

They want to see us have enforcement at the worksite. And that's something that I will do and push and enforce as well, because that's the key attraction -- not the only one, but it's the key attraction -- at the worksite.

I will not support new paths to citizenship. I do think in the future we should look at different work-visa-type programs as a way to be able to deal with the problem that you're identifying, which is the realistic problem of where we are today.

SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR Twelve million to 20 million people in this country illegally. Then that is the ultimate question, is What do we do about that situation today, because we can all rave about how we're going to secure the borders -- which I'm glad to hear, by the way, these newfound positions with regard to the borders and security?

Great. Happy they're there.

But you're right, what are the -- the real issue is What do we do about the people here? And I will tell you, when you use phrases like "rounding them up," I mean, it -- those are -- they are improperly used in this respect. Because we're not talking about rounding people up.

If you, in fact, simply enforce the law -- I know that's a scary topic sometimes and a controversial attitude to take -- but enforcing the law, especially against hiring people who are here illegally, you will see people returning home, voluntarily.

It's happening today in states all over this nation. That's exactly the key to this. You do not have to round people up. You simply have to enforce the law.

SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you.

Tavis, thank you.

Thank you, Ray.

Folks that are here illegally have to leave and let me tell you why. Today, if you're a dry wall contractor and you play by the rules and you pay $27 a loaded hour for each of your employees, you will be constantly under-cut by contractors who use people who are here illegally.

That's not fair to Americans who play by the rules. And we just talked jobs a few minutes ago. That's one reason you have, in certain areas, especially in the construction trades now, higher levels of unemployment.

You have to build a border fence and you've got to have a real border, not just for immigration issues, but also because of security issues.

And right now, I wrote the law that extends that border fence 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and California. We need to build the border fence. It's the law.

And when people come to this country, they've got to knock on the front door, because the back door's going to be closed.

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES Well, I think, especially in this context, it's important to remember a number of things. The border is a matter of security, first of all. And we have to make sure that we control it, or no laws we pass have any significance. People will still cross on their own terms.

So the very first priority has to be to get back control. But we also have to remember why we lost control, because these elites who have been under the thumb of certain corporate interests have an interest in cheapening the price of labor in America.

Do you want to know who's first hurt by that cheapened price of labor?

Black folks are first hurt, as they've been hurt in the rebuilding of New Orleans, in the rebuilding of other parts of the United States that were affected by those hurricanes. It's time we stopped fooling around with this issue.

I think people, including a lot of the Black liberals, are more worried about what we do with illegal immigrants than they've ever been about the impact of illegal immigration on Black Americans who have been in this country all along. I'm sick of seeing it.

SMILEY Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I don't believe the average American resents that people want to come here. I've said oftentimes we ought to get on our knees every night and thank God that we still live in a country that people are trying to break into, not one they're trying to break out of.

But securing the border is something I think every one of us agree on. You've got to have a secure border because otherwise our borders are not only open to illegal immigrants, but to somebody bringing a suitcase with a dirty bomb.

But, more importantly, if we're going to deal with the supply, you touch it at the point of the demand. And until something is done to touch the people who are employing illegal immigrants because of the very reason that they've talked about on this stage, to create what amounts to another version of slave labor, then we're never going to stop the flow.

You're not going to get illegals to admit that they're here illegally, because they're desperate enough to do anything to feed their families.

What we have to do is to start putting the penalty on the people who are most benefiting from them, the employers who are using those laborers in order to keep from having to pay decent wages.

SMILEY Governor, thank you.

The next question will be asked by JuanMODERATOR and be answered first by Senator Brownback.

Juan?

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, tonight, as young Black and Latino Americans are watching this debate, they often feel quite alienated from the Republican Party, a party that does not seem to respond to their issues.

You realize about 50 percent of young Black and Latino people dropping out of high school, 35 percent poverty rate, nearly 60 percent of America's prison population Black and brown.

The one area of these problems touching on federal government policy has to do with criminal justice. Today, in Jena, Louisiana, it was announced that one of the Jena 6, originally convicted as an adult, will be tried now as a juvenile.

Name one reform, Senator, that you would endorse to assure young Black and Latino people in America that they will have equal justice in America's courts.

MODERATOR Could you say the last sentence again? Your mike's not on up here. I want to make sure I hear.

MODERATOR Can you name one reform, one criminal justice reform, that you would endorse to assure young Black and Latino Americans that they will have equal justice in America's courts?

MODERATOR OK. I think I may be the only person up here on this stage that's spent a couple nights in jail, of my own volition, and I went in to look at the system. I spent a night in a prison in Kansas and I spent a night in a prison in Louisiana. I've stayed in homeless shelters to answer and to get a feel for what you're talking about.

And you hear about it very fast. And you get a feel for it about how people have become loners and went to crime, in some cases, and then caught and want to turn their lives around. So it spawned me to push the Second Chance Act.

It's something that we've gotten through the Committee on the Judiciary, and what it's primarily focused on is to help people if they have been caught and they are in prison, that they not go back again. Because right now in the United States of America, if you go to prison, the chances of you going back are two-thirds, 66 percent. That is a travesty that that number is that high.

This bill in five years we cut it in half. A lot of it is faith- based institutions. A lot of it is mentorship and work programs. So we can help people that are chains they can't break themselves.

SMILEY I hate to cut you off. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR I believe that it was mentioned earlier, and I certainly agree with the fact that first of all, there are far too many criminal statutes at the federal level. The Constitution establishes the roles for the federal government and the state government, and we have taken on far too many things at the federal level, especially drugs laws -- mandating certain penalties and that sort of thing.

I do not believe that that is the responsibility of the federal government. That should be at the state level, and I would certainly not support.

And as a way of reform, by the way, I would move the federal government out of that whole business.

Now, let me say one thing other -- that, I think, that has to be mentioned here. When you talk about the crime rate, so much of this is connected to another huge problem, and that you cannot take apart and you cannot look at just in segments.

And that is this. The family -- what is happening to the Black family in America today and what has been happening for the last 40 years is a disgrace. It is because, of course -- as I said earlier, the welfare state has helped create this.

But you know what? The welfare state cannot be the -- it can be the breadwinner, but it cannot...

SMILEY Congressman...

MODERATOR ... it cannot give you morals, values or discipline. And that's what it takes...

SMILEY Congressman Tancredo...

MODERATOR ... in America today.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.

Juan, I don't know as much about the facts as you do in this particular case. But the facts, related, that I read in "The Washington Post" was that the one young man there was knocked unconscious and was kicked in the head while he was unconscious.

And I would say this This is the nation that has rules of law based on accountability, and that that accountability should be followed. And I don't know what particular divisions between juvenile and non-juvenile courts are being made in this case, but there must be accountability.

If, in fact, the young man was kicked in the head while he was unconscious, there has to be accountability for that. And that is clearly criminal accountability.

Now let me go beyond that. You know, while we talk about this, we've got hundreds of thousands of Americans from all groups and all ethnicities depending on each other, saving each other's lives, every day being with each other in this partnership that we call the U.S. military in Afghanistan and Iraq.

We ought to learn from them. And we ought to find that common ground that's allowed them to go forward together. That will make a great America.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter, let me jump in right quick. This is the first time I've had to do this, because I want to make sure we get answers to these questions.

Your answer notwithstanding, Mr.MODERATOR' question was not answered by you, respectfully.

And that is Is there a particular policy that you would support to guarantee young Black and brown men watching right now a fairer equal justice system? That part you did not get to.

 HUNTER OK. Here's my answer.

SMILEY OK.

 HUNTER I don't think there's any way you can be more fair then to have people in this country, under this wonderful Constitution that we put together, where people who are tried for criminal acts are tried by a jury of their peers.

Juries, obviously, are blemished in many ways and are not perfect, but a jury trial under the law is, I think, the best system of justice on the face of the Earth.

SMILEY Move on now to Ambassador Keyes.

AMB. KEYES Well, I've always favored, and if you look at a book I wrote some years back called "Masters of the Dream," there was a proposal in it that was part of a package of what we need to do to restore real local self-government, which in our case would be neighborhood self-government in a lot of our urban areas.

One of the features of that neighborhood government would be the reinstitution of what were called in the old days things like justices of the peace.

They were people who lived in the community, came out of the community, were empowered to judge offenses committed by folks who were in and lived in that community so that there would be sensitivity to the truth that you're not just dealing with crooks.

Sometimes you're dealing with young people who, if you treat them in the right way, can be put on a path that will be constructive instead of destructive.

But only the people who live in the community would understand that. So they need to have justices of the peace. They need to have judges who come from amongst them.

The other thing I would do is I would make sure when people were in prison and they were being paroled, that you had to consult the community and make a deal. The community would agree to receive that person back, but they would also promise to help that person to establish a decent life.

So, that community partnership would be restored.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, first of all, we really don't have so much a crime problem in this country. We have a drug and alcohol problem. Eighty percent of the people who are in our prisons and jails are there for a drug or alcohol crime. They either were high or drunk when they committed the crime, or they committed the crime to get high or drunk.

And what has made a huge mistake is that we've incarcerated so many of the people who really need drug rehab more than they need long-term incarceration.

In our state, we established over 20 drug courts, that gave people an alternative course, rather than just putting them in prison, giving them the opportunity to get what they really needed, which is off the addiction.

We've got to quit locking up all the people that we're mad at and lock up the people that we're really afraid of, the people who are sexual predators and violent offenders.

But the nonsense of three strikes and you're out has created a system that is overrun with people, and the cost is choking us.

I would go for more drug courts and for a lot less incarceration of drug-addicted people.

SMILEY Thank you, Governor. Congressman Paul?

LOSER A system designed to protect individual liberty will have no punishments for any group and no privileges. Today, I think inner-city folks and minorities are punished unfairly in the war on drugs.

For instance, Blacks make up 14 percent of those who use drugs, yet 36 percent of those arrested are Blacks and it ends up that 63 percent of those who finally end up in prison are Blacks. This has to change.

We don't have to have more courts and more prisons. We need to repeal the whole war on drugs. It isn't working.

We have already spent over $400 billion since the early 1970s, and it is wasted money. Prohibition didn't work. Prohibition on drugs doesn't work. So we need to come to our senses.

And, absolutely, it's a disease. We don't treat alcoholics like this. This is a disease, and we should orient ourselves to this. That is one way you could have equal justice under the law.

SMILEY Thank you, Congressman.

The next question will be asked by Cynthia Tucker, answered first by Congressman Tancredo.

Cynthia?

TUCKER Congressman, recently a push to give the District of Columbia voting representation was defeated because of heavy Republican opposition. In addition, many voting rights advocates are worried about rigid voter ID laws, which require photo ID, like a driver's license.

Are you concerned that some eligible voters will be denied the right to vote simply because they don't have a driver's license?

MODERATOR Well, let's first take the issue that you mentioned with regard to the District of Columbia. It is not a state and, therefore, not entitled to representation as a state.

If, in fact, you want -- if it becomes the desire of the country to have that kind of representation, then the district -- then it should be split up, and the portion that was ceded to the federal government by Virginia should go back to Virginia, the portion that was ceded by Maryland should go back to Maryland. Then they would be represented by states. It would work.

Also, with regard to voting opportunities and the use of a photo ID -- let me tell you that it is really not that difficult to obtain. And I don't think that we're asking too much of people when they're doing something that is one of the most sacred duties of anybody in this society, to actually show that they are the person who they say they are. I don't think that's asking too much.

And I think you can get a photo ID and they don't even have to -- you don't even need a driver's license. You can get a photo ID, a state ID, you can do it relatively easily.

SMILEY Congressman? Thank you, sir. Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Well, thank you, Tavis.

You know, I might be a little more open to statehood for D.C. if they would allow their citizens to be able to keep and bear arms in their houses to protect their safety.

And I offered that amendment a couple of years ago. It passed and when it passed, the Democrats brought down the entire crime bill rather than let D.C. residents have the right to keep and bear arms.

And on the issue of allowing -- mandating some type of ID, you know the first 21 Black congressmen were Republicans who came out of the South, and they went into a series -- they went into a series of poll taxes and all types of deals that the Democrats put in, road blocks the Democrats put in their place to keep them from being able to vote.

So I don't agree with those types of stumbling blocks. But I would say this We have right now a real danger of people that are illegally in the country being rounded up, herded into the polls -- we've seen that in California -- voting illegally. That disenfranchises everybody in that community.

I think you have to have some IDs.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES I think the most important thing to remember about Washington, D.C., is that it was established to be a unique representation of the whole people of the United States.

That's a city that's supposed to belong to the nation, not to any one group and not to any one region. That's why it was put together in the first place.

I think it's terribly important to maintain that symbol of the unity of our country. We're a free people. If folks don't want to live in the conditions that prevail in Washington because of its unique status, they can go to Maryland. A whole bunch of folks have done so.

They can go to Virginia. A whole bunch of folks have done so. Some of the biggest churches and everything else now exist in Prince George's County, because people left the District.

They have that right, and I think that they can exercise it. But I think that the country is entitled to have this possession that symbolizes our whole united people, standing together as one community. I think it's terribly important that we sustain it.

SMILEY Governor Huckabee?

LOSER Well, I may be a little different on this one. I believe that the people of D.C. should be able to vote for representation.

I think that's appropriate, for the simple reason of equality and justice. And if we need to amend the Constitution to make that possible, it should happen.

D.C. is not the same city it was when it was first created, and I think it just makes sense to not have a group of people -- I don't care what color they are, I don't care how they vote -- they ought to be able to vote, and their color and their political affiliation ought to have nothing to do with the equality that we should give them.

As far as identification -- I have to show photo ID to get on an airplane in my home town. I think it's not asking too much to make sure that people who are voting are truly eligible voters.

But look, if it's a driver's license issue, we've gone to Motor Voter -- let's have Photo Voter so, when you register to vote, they take your picture, put it on a card, and you simply are able to make sure that you're a registered voter.

That way it doesn't dilute the vote if a lot of people who aren't registered voters try to fraudulently vote.

SMILEY Thank you, Governor. Congressman Paul?

LOSER It's very clear, under the Constitution, that we couldn't give the vote to the residents of D.C. without an amendment to the Constitution. And it should be pursued in that manner.

But when it comes to national ID cards, the identification, I think the states have the prerogative and the right and the obligations to identify the voters and they should.

But the reason I get worried about when we start talking about it nationally is, you know, they might want to use the Real ID. They might want to think it's a good excuse to have a national ID card to vote, and I am positively opposed to any move toward the national ID card.

SMILEY Thank you. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR Yes. It's a good question. It's a tough question. I have chaired the D.C. Subcommittee, both the authorizing and the Appropriations subcommittee. I support the residents of D.C. the right to vote. But there's a way to do it and there's a way not to do it. And the way to do it is to amend the Constitution, and the way not to do it is to pass something that's unconstitutional.

In the 23rd Amendment to the Constitution, it gave D.C. the right to vote for president.

But it didn't give them the right to vote for Congress. And what you have to do what we have to do. And what I support is amending the Constitution so they can have the right to vote. D.C. deserves that right. There's a way to do it, there's a way not to do it.

SMILEY Ray Suarez will ask the next question, first answered by Congressman Duncan Hunter.

SUAREZ Congressman Hunter, the Federal Agency for Health Care Research and Quality recently reported that both Latinos and Blacks receive "significantly worse," in their words, medical care than whites in the United States.

One out of three Hispanics, one out of five Black Americans is uninsured. Hispanics are 2.5 times as likely as non-Hispanic, white Americans to be uninsured. One of three Hispanics hasn't been to the doctor in more than a year. And as has already been mentioned, diabetes, asthma, hypertension are untreated or under-treated in communities across America.

What does your health care plan contain to address some of these disparities in access to care and access to quality health care?

 HUNTER Well, Ray, the first thing I'd say is I can't -- as a guy who practiced law in the barrio and took lots of cases that anybody who couldn't pay didn't have to pay, as people came into my office, down there in the barrio in the waterfront in San Diego, I didn't separate them out. So I'm not going to separate them out now. And I'm going to talk about how I think we can have affordable health care.

The first thing you've got to have is the ability to buy your health care insurance across state lines. And right now, nobody in the United States can do that.

And that means that the same policy that costs 70 bucks a month in Long Beach, California, costs $343 a month in New Jersey, but the New Jersey policyholder can't change policies and buy the policy in California. So we've got to change that.

Secondly, I think we bring back the family doctor. And I think one way you bring back the family doctor is by taking away massive malpractice burdens, these massive insurance premiums that we place on people.

And finally -- finally, Ray, let's try a little freedom. How about if we said in the tax code that if a doc will be a family doc, in the barrio, in the community, and he will do office visits for 30 bucks or 40 bucks a visit, he doesn't have to pay taxes on that, he doesn't have to have three accountants, he doesn't have to do all those things?

SMILEY Congressman Hunter, thank you.

 HUNTER Bring back the family doctor.

SMILEY Thank you. Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES I think two things are important, very briefly.

First, before I would think about bringing back the family doctor, particularly where the Black community is concerned, it might be helpful to bring back the family.

And that would mean that you are going to do what is necessary to support married couples, to encourage marriage, to encourage the rearing of children in the context of a two-parent household.

Not because one is disparaging one-parent households, but because the statistics show that people are more likely to sustain their education, to be in better health, both mentally and physically, if they are raised in that environment.

That's step number one, and I think it's vitally important.

The second step is we all know that in America these days, your ability to have access to health care depends on -- what? -- primarily your job and whether or not you're able to get that insurance at your job.

So the first thing we need to take care of is to make sure that in areas where Black folks and Hispanics and others are living, you are encouraging the kind of entrepreneurship that will create jobs in those areas...

SMILEY Congressman Keyes, thank you, sir.

AMB. KEYES ... to give people that foundation of health care access.

SMILEY Governor Huckabee?

LOSER The first problem with our current health care system is that it's upside down. It focuses on intervention. We wait until people are catastrophically ill, and then we spend enormous amounts of money trying to fix them. We need to be putting the money on the preventive side. Prevention is a lot less expensive than is intervention.

The second thing, there has to be ownership of the individual consumer. As long as the government, the employer, as long as the doctor is in charge of your health care, and you have no idea what it costs, and you have no idea what they're doing, and you don't control it, we're never going to get the system fixed.

And the third thing that has to happen is that we have portable medical records so that your health care records go with you. They don't stay with your doctor. You shouldn't have to ask permission to see the records of your own body. Those are your own records. They don't belong to anybody else.

And the policies that we can put in place have to start with individuals buying in, not only on insurance, but buying in on health, their own personal, to start with.

SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Paul.

LOSER We've had managed care in this country since the early '70s, and it hasn't worked well. It's very, very expensive, and it's the fault that we changed our ERISA law and our tax laws that created this corporatism that runs medicine. Wall Street rakes off the profits. The patients are unhappy. The doctors are unhappy. And it's a monopoly now. Who lobbies us in Washington? The drug companies and the HMOs. They come.

And now what is the cry for? Socialized medicine. That's not the answer. We need to get the government out of the way. Inflation hits the middle class and the poor the most. Those are the people who are losing it. It's just not minorities, anybody poor, because inflation wipes out the middle class, and we have to deal with that.

If you have a product that's not dealt with by government, prices go down when you have modern technology. And medicine, with all this technology, prices still go up. But that's because the government is involved.

We don't have enough competition. There's a doctor monopoly out there. We need alternative health care freely available to the people. They ought to be able to make their own choices and not controlled by the FDA preventing them to use some of the medications.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you, sir. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR Ray, it's a serious question, it's an important one. I've been in my state and communities and in places experiencing what exactly what you're talking about. Not on a personal basis, but seen individuals that are having to go to a community health center at the last minute, after the disease has already really grown and pronounced itself and they hesitate because they don't have insurance coverage or they don't have the money to be able to do this.

This is a real problem. It's real people that are involved in this type of situation.

I think the question you have to ask is Which is the best way to go, then?

Do you do it with more government or do you do it with more markets?

Because these are real people experiencing this. And I pick more markets and real markets with it. Because I have not seen, in this country, ever, when the government enters into something on a bigger basis, do we get higher quality service or more of it?

We don't. It doesn't work that way. So I really -- and one thing that hasn't been talked about up here is health savings accounts. We need to expand that so people can save money, tax-exempt, from their work, the employers putting that in so they can have some money for their health care coverage.

SMILEY Thank you, Senator Brownback. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR The important thing, the most important thing to remember about your health care is it's your health care. You have a personal responsibility here, every single person does, to do everything they can to stay healthy.

Most of the things that happen to us are lifestyle problems, and, really, I mean, there are things that we do to ourselves that cause us to then have to access the health care industry.

We have to first look to ourselves, individually. Again, it's kind of a scary thing again to say, but, you know, individual responsibility does work, also in health care.

And, yes, I believe, by the way, in the expansion of health savings accounts because it does put you in the connection -- it's you and you're the consumer and the doctor, and there's nobody in between, and that's good.

Also believe, by the way, that you should be able to get your drugs from any place that, in fact, it's cheaper to get drugs. If it's cheaper to get drugs in Canada, get drugs from Canada -- it's OK with me. We shouldn't be blocking that.

Again, individual freedom -- expand individual freedom and take some individual responsibility for your own health care.

SMILEY Thank you very much.

Next question asked by JuanMODERATOR, first answered by Ambassador Alan Keyes.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, I think you're familiar with the fact that America has a tradition of Black military heroes, going from Crispus Attucks in the Revolutionary War, to the Tuskegee Airmen in World War II, to General Colin Powell.

And tonight, Tavis, I'd just like to take a moment to acknowledge one of those heroes who's here with us in the audience. We have with us Vernice Armour. She's the first African American combat pilot in U.S. history -- I should say, first female African American combat pilot. And she served two tours of duty with distinction in Iraq.

Today we see a decline in Black and Latino enlistment because of one reason the war in Iraq.

What do you say to the one-third of the nation that's minority and overwhelmingly opposed to the continuation of this war, even as the GOP in Congress continues to block attempts to set a deadline to end this war?

AMB. KEYES I think the most important thing to remember is that our efforts in Iraq and elsewhere right now that followed in the wake of September 11 aren't an effort to defend Black people, white people, Jewish people, Christian people, et cetera.

They're an effort to defend the United States of America from a deep and terrible threat that came against us in disregard of the fundamental -- the fundamental moral principle that is supposed to govern all international affairs, all wars that are conducted by countries, and that is that you do not consciously target innocent human life.

My father was a soldier -- fought in Korea and Vietnam and World War II, did not stand in defense of this race or that, but stood in defense of the common principles of moral decency and justice that are derived from that premise that I talked about, that our rights come from God.

I don't think it's hard to ask anybody in this country to stand in defense of those principles.

My one criticism? I think unfortunately, President G.W. Bush put a lot of emphasis on democracy for people in Iraq, when our real goal is security for people in America.

SMILEY Thank you, Ambassador. Governor Huckabee?

LOSER One of the tragedies is that our military veterans have kept their promises to us; we have not kept all of our promises to them.

Many of them have come back to be told to wait in line for their health care, to be told that mental health would be something that might be rationed out.

That's not acceptable. And, if I were president, I'd like to see us have a very plainly written, simple-to-understand veterans' bill of rights that would make sure that every single thing that these veterans have been promised is delivered. And it's delivered as the first fruits of the federal Treasury before anyone else gets their nose in the trough, the veterans get their benefits paid -- not on the basis of a limited budget, but on the basis of making sure that we keep promises to the people who have kept us free.

That, I believe, will help people want to be a part of the military.

SMILEY Thank you, Governor. Congressman Paul.

LOSER The most important promise we keep is the oath to obey the Constitution. We just shouldn't be going to all these wars.

We shouldn't have so many injured and in our hospitals because we shouldn't go to war unless it's declared.

If it's declared, we should go win it and get it over with. Now we're in this war for five years or so and nobody sees the end to this.

So, we went in under false pretense. There were no weapons of mass destruction. There are still -- there are still people who believe that Iraq had something to do with 9/11, yet 15 of the people were from Saudi Arabia.

We need to live up to our principles so there are less injured veterans, but when they come home we better jolly well take care of them, and we're not doing a very good job right now, because all the money's going overseas.

We're broke. We got to do something about it.

And we can't -- we can't perpetuate a welfare state and police an empire without going bankrupt.

SMILEY Congressman?

LOSER And we're nearly on the verge of that.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR One, I think it's clear what we need to do at this point in time, and I think we need to talk about at this point in time, where we are. We declared war. We voted in Congress to go to war, Republican and Democrats. People can say things weren't right, we shouldn't have done this, shouldn't have done that.

We are where we are today. The military, I believe, has done and is doing a superb job. We have had a terrible political answer on the ground in Iraq.

A terrible -- yesterday, in the Congress, a bipartisan political solution passed. It was the Biden-Brownback bill -- or, since I'm here, it was the Brownback-Biden bill.

It declares a three-state federalized solution to Iraq -- a Kurdish north, a Sunni west, a Shia south, with Baghdad as a federal city; weak federated government; most of the policies devolve down to the local units of government. Because Iraq is less a country than it is three groups of people. We need to recognize that. And we can move forward with that political solution...

SMILEY Senator.

MODERATOR ... and pull our guys back.

SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR What's the constitutional responsibility of the Congress when it comes to war?

It is, one, declare it; two, fund it; or three, not fund it. That's it.

You know what, when you talk about, Juan, you talk about the number of bills that we have killed because of attempts to, sort of, end this thing?

Well, every one of them has inside of them all these provisions about how have to fight the war, how many people can be dispatched at any particular point in time and who they can fight.

I will tell you this, that the founders of this country knew very well that -- what would happen to us if we ended up with 535 generals in the Congress of the United States. And that is, you lose wars.

You need a commander in chief.

And then the Congress has every right -- and you know what? It has every right to be involved in it. It has every right to talk about this and to condemn it if you don't agree with it.

But you know what? It ends up with this. If you don't want it, don't fund it. But you cannot micromanage it from the Congress of the United States.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.

Vernice, thank you for your two tours in Iraq. And I want to say I've got a son who's done two tours as a Marine in Iraq.

He's getting to see a new country in Afghanistan right now. And who knows? You may be there shortly.

Thanks for your service to our country.

Ladies and gentlemen, we can leave Iraq, and under my leadership, we will leave Iraq in victory. And let me tell you what I would propose.

The key to handing off the security apparatus in Iraq, now that we've stood up a free government -- and it is a free government. It's stumbling along, it's inept, but it's a free government. The key to a security handoff is to have a reliable Iraqi army.

Right now, we've got 131 battalions in the Iraqi army. We've trained them and we've equipped them, and we are moving them into the battle.

And my recommendation to the president, the Joint Chiefs and General Petraeus is to make sure that every one of those 131 battalions gets at least a three- or four-month combat tour in a contentious area. When they are battle-hardened, we can rotate them into the battle zone, rotate our America's heavy forces, Marines and Army, and bring them home.

That's the right way to leave Iraq, in victory.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter, thank you.

We've covered a lot of ground tonight. We're starting to get a little tight on time now, just a few minutes left in this conversation.

I would like to then use the moderator's prerogative and privilege to ask you now if we can squeeze a couple more questions in, to cut your answers down to 30 seconds and see if we can't get a couple more questions in right quick.

Cynthia Tucker will ask next; answered first, 30 seconds, by Governor Huckabee.

TUCKER Governor, does the U.S. have a role to play in ending the genocide in Darfur? And, if so, what should that role be?

LOSER I think we have some role to play in it, but I guess what disturbs me even more, we have not even addressed the genocide that's going on and the infanticide in our own country with the slaughter of millions of unborn children.

And we also have extraordinary poverty in this country.

Yes, we ought to be involved. But you know something? There are a lot of people in America that don't think the only poverty is in Darfur -- understand there's poverty in the Delta.

There are people who don't have running water, people that don't have access to medical care and don't have a decent school to go to and you don't have to go halfway around the world to find it. We've got it right here in this country.

SMILEY Congressman Paul?

LOSER The U.S. government has no authority. There's no constitutional authority. There's no moral authority. There's plenty of moral authority and responsibility for individuals to participate. But every time we get involved, no matter where, for good intentions, believe me, we're getting involved in a civil war.

Even when you send food, it ends up in the hands of the military and they use it as weapons. So it's not well-intended. We should direct our attention only to national security and not get involved for these feel-good reasons of going overseas for the various reasons.

And this is the main reason why I think we ought to just come home from every place in the world and bring our troops home from Iraq.

SMILEY Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR I know this won't be a crowd-pleaser, but I couldn't disagree more with that last answer.

We are the greatest nation on the face of the Earth, and we are ones that can stand up. And we need to stand up in the face of second genocide when we had declared years ago in Rwanda Never again.

And what is happening? It is happening again. And it's not just the first genocide that's taken place in Sudan, it's the second. And I've been there.

We need to do divestiture campaigns here. We need to support the African Union troops there. We shouldn't put our own troops. We don't need to put our own troops.

SMILEY Thank you.

MODERATOR We need to provide food and medicine as well.

SMILEY Senator, thank you very much. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR First trip I ever took -- the very first trip I ever took as a congressman of the United States was to Sudan. I came back, worked two years to pass the Sudan Peace Act.

I believe we do have a moral responsibility to act. It is not to send troops, believe me. I do not believe we need boots on the ground in Sudan or in Darfur to deal with this issue.

But you know what we could do?

We could see whether the United Nations is worth its salt and force them into participating in this issue and getting that -- and in getting that solved.

SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER The outside troops, U.N. and African Union, are not getting the job done because they're garrisoned far away from the villages that get hammered by the Janjaweed.

By the time the damage has been done, the troops always get there late.

What we probably need to do is get a humanitarian corridor driven up through that vast country, where we have armed convoys, U.N. convoys or African Union convoys to get food and medicine to those people that need it most.

And lastly, teach those villages self-defense, because the troops aren't getting there in time.

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES I have to say I'm appalled by the suggestion that we retreat into some kind of fortress America and forget who we are. We are a nation of nations, a people of many peoples. We are in touch with every people on the face of the Earth. If somebody is being hurt somewhere in the world, somebody in America grieves for them.

And I don't believe we can turn our backs on that universal significance, that universal mission.

I think a lot of suggestions made here in terms of how we get involved are good ones. We don't have to send troops, but we need to support and reinforce the sense of local, regional responsibility...

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes...

AMB. KEYES ... for both humanitarian and military order in that region.

SMILEY Thank you, sir. Ray Suarez for Congressman Paul.

SUAREZ Congressman Paul, support has gradually been slipping for the death penalty among all Americans. The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life reports a large minority of whites still support capital punishment, while Blacks and Latinos do not.

Now, I know this is mostly a state function, but the president does appoint appellate judges, and of course, the highest appellate judges in the land, the Supreme Court justices, who often review death penalty cases.

Do you think the death penalty is carried out justly in the United States? And do you want to see it continued during your presidency?

SMILEY Thirty seconds, Congressman.

LOSER You know, over the years, I've held pretty rigid all my beliefs, but I've changed my opinion about the death penalty. For federal purposes, I no longer believe in the death penalty. I believe it has been issued unjustly. If you're rich, you get away with it; if you're poor and you're from the inner city, you're more likely to be prosecuted and convicted.

Today, with the DNA evidence, there have been too many mistakes. So I am now opposed to the federal death penalty.

SMILEY Thank you, Congressman. Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR We need a culture of life in the United States, a culture that recognizes every life at every stage. It's beautiful, it's unique, it's a child of a loving God, period.

I have difficulty with the death penalty. This is an individual, though, in that case, that has committed a heinous crime. I think we should limit the death penalty to cases only where we cannot protect the society from the individual, such as when Osama bin Laden is caught.

We need to be able to use it then.

But we should use this very limited and only in that circumstance, in order to talk and to teach a culture of life in America.

SMILEY Senator Brownback, thank you. Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR It is, in fact, a state issue, almost entirely. The restrictions that we talked about with regard to the federal government and whether or not we should have a death penalty, I will tell you, I would absolutely support the continuation of a death penalty, especially for crimes like treason.

I mean, we really have to consider the possibility that there is an appropriate penalty for a crime of that nature. It is the death penalty.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER I think there is a need for the death penalty. And it's called deterrence. And that means that, when that Charles Manson is getting rid to pull the trigger on an innocent American, just maybe the idea passes through his mind that he, himself, is going to lose his life.

Now, that might only deter five percent, 10 percent, 15 percent, 20 percent. It does deter some people. And for that reason, the death penalty, dealing with some very rough, very ruthless people, is necessary.

SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?

AMB. KEYES I support the death penalty. I think it has a basis in universal justice that isn't just about deterrence and all that, it's about respect for life. It's about making sure that we don't send the signal, especially where Black killers are concerned, because we do understand, don't we, that they mostly kill Black folks.

And I wouldn't want to send the message that when you kill another Black human being, we somehow don't take that seriously. We'll cheapen the significance of that by not applying the understanding that when you cold-bloodedly and calculatively take another human life, more has (inaudible) you than more than all can take.

We can only dispatch you to the ruler of us all so that he may ultimately judge you for your misdeeds.

SMILEY Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I probably dislike the death penalty more than anybody on this stage, but for a very different reason. I've actually had to carry it out, more than any governor in my state's history. I had to carry out the death penalty because that was my job.

I did it because I believed, after reading every page of every transcript and everything in that file, it was the only conclusion we could come to. But I didn't enjoy it.

And God help the American who somehow has this cavalier attitude about the death penalty and says they support it and they can do it. Let me tell you something from the person whose name had to be put on the document that started the process It's a necessary part of our criminal justice system for those crimes for which there is no other alternative.

But God help the person who ever does it without a conscience and feels the pain of it.

SMILEY We know, given the time, we're not going to get everybody in on this, but, Juan, last question right quick?

MODERATOR Certainly.

The Supreme Court, gentlemen, recently ruled that even voluntary integration in America's public schools is unconstitutional and illegal. That comes even as two-thirds of Black and Latino students go to schools that are so-called minority majority and disproportionately poor.

We all know of a tremendous achievement gap between Black and white students in America.

Is the Supreme Court right to say that school integration is no longer key to the promise of equal educational opportunity for all?

SMILEY Senator Brownback, you'll start with that?

MODERATOR I live in the town of Topeka, Kansas. Brown v. Board of Education was decided in my hometown.

I believe we still need integration taking place in the schools, and I think it's an important thing. I think we need to do it on a voluntary and incentivized basis as much as we possibly can, but it is important for us to maintain it as a goal and objective of this country.

SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR I think it's a racist thing to say, to even suggest that the only way that a Black child can learn is sitting next to a white child or any other kind of child.

It can happen. We can teach children of all colors and we've proved it. We can do it by giving choice -- choice to parents, choice to pick from a wide array of educational opportunities, and then kids go to those schools. They're all over the country now. There are charter schools and voucher systems. That's what will give that integration -- make it a natural phenomena and it will make kids much, much better in terms of their ability to succeed.

SMILEY Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER I think the population of the school should depend on the community that you live in.

And it should be, in my mind, small schools, and they should be schools that are close enough to mom and dad that you can get them down to the school when the teacher needs them. It shouldn't be based on any forced mandate by government, and I think it will work out a lot better that way.

SMILEY Unfortunately, we are out of time. Let's show our appreciation one more time for those candidates tonight -- who showed up here at Morgan State in Baltimore.

And our terrific panel of journalists Cynthia, Ray and Juan, we thank you. We thank everyone here at Morgan State, everyone behind the scenes who made this night possible.

That's it from here. Good night from Baltimore. Thanks for watching. And, as always, keep the faith.

MODERATOR Let's get started. We will cover a number of issues tonight, but first a political question about the man who isn't here and will not even announce his candidacy for president until tomorrow. I'm talking, of course, about Senator Fred Thompson.

Now, a Thompson ad has just on the Fox News Channel. He will be a guest later tonight with Jay Leno. Polls have him in second or third place, depending on whether you're looking at national polls or some of the early state polls.

So the question is, who has made the smart moves here -- (laughter) -- you guys, who are here and who have been out on the trail all this time, or Senator Thompson?

Let me start with you. Governor Huckabee, what do you think?

LOSER Well, Brit, I was scheduled to be on Jay Leno tonight, but I gave up m slot for somebody else because I'd rather be in New Hampshire with these fine people. (Cheers, applause, laughter.)

You know, Brit, Fred is -- Fred is from Nashville, Tennessee, home of George Jones, who is often called "No-Show George" for not showing up at his concerts. (Laughter.) And maybe Senator Thompson will be known as the no-show for the presidential debates.

But I'm proud to be sharing the stage with these guys, because we're running for president, and we're delighted to be here.

And I certainly appreciate getting this opportunity.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, you've been out beating the bushes, looking for votes and getting your ideas out all this time, and look where he stands and look where the rest of you guys stand.

What do you think?

LOSER Well, I welcome him to the race because, very specifically, he will help dilute the vote for my benefit because he will be pro-war -- (laughter) -- and I'm the anti-war candidate representing the Republican traditional position. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, the guy's a former colleague of yours. How do you feel about the way he's handled it?

WINNER Well, I think that's a decision that Fred should make. Maybe we're up past his bedtime, but the point is -- (interrupted by laughter). You know, one thing I know about New Hampshire and I know well is that the people of New Hampshire expect to see you. They expect to see you a lot, and they expect to see you at townhall meetings and at places all over this great state of New Hampshire. And they expect to see you before they make up their mind.

One of the many Arizonans who ran for president of the United States unsuccessfully, like all of us -- (laughter) -- Morris Udall. Once -- he was a very funny man. As you know, once he said -- a fellow in Manchester said to the other one, "What do you think about Mo Udall for president," and the guy said, "I don't know. I only met him twice." And you know the reason why that joke is funny is because it's true, and my advice to Fred is get out into the arena, Fred.

It's a lot of fun.

MODERATOR Governor Romney? (laughter, applause.)

LOSER You know, the only question I have for Senator Thompson is, why the hurry? Why not take some more time off? (Laughter.) Maybe January, February might be a better time to make a final decision about getting in this race.

But for all of us, we're going to welcome him into the race. He's going to bring a lot to it. He's a great personality. He'll have new ideas. I think he's going to bring more entertainment and vigor and ideas to the Republican platform, so I welcome him into this. But I agree with all those that have spoken, there's nothing like getting to know the folks in New Hampshire and Iowa, South Carolina and Michigan.

In New Hampshire and Iowa alone over this last year, I have done 462 events -- town meetings, one-on-one meetings -- and that's the way to get to know people. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, your thoughts?

LOSER I like Fred a lot. I think Fred is a really, really good man. I think he's done a pretty good job of playing my part on "Law & Order." (Laughter.) I personally prefer the real thing, and -- but I think Fred will add something to this race. But I think this is a nomination you have to earn, though.

Nobody's going to give it to you; nobody's going to glance it to you; nobody's going to crown you.

You've got to go out there, like these gentlemen have done, and I've done. You've got to -- you've got to meet people in Iowa and New Hampshire and all over the country. You've got to work hard for this.

And finally I think it's going to come down to experience. This is not a time that the United States should be electing someone who's going to get on-the-job training. You need people with executive experience.

And my real concern is you have three leading Democratic candidates, none of which have ever run a city, a state or a business. (Cheers, applause.) And this is not -- this is -- America's at war. America's got some big problems. It's not the time for on-the-job training as an executive.

MODERATOR All right, thank you, gentlemen. Let's continue the questioning with my colleague, Chris Wallace.

Chris.

MODERATOR Thank you, Brit.

Good evening, gentlemen. Let's talk about illegal immigration. Governor Romney, in recent weeks, you have gone after Mayor Giuliani for running what you say was a sanctuary city for illegals. But as governor of Massachusetts, you did nothing to stop Cambridge, Somerville or Orleans, all of which proclaim themselves to be sanctuaries. In fact, you didn't even catch the illegals who were mowing your front lawn. (Laughter.)

So the question is -- so the question is, why should we believe that you would be any tougher on illegal immigration than Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Well, Chris, first of all, with regards to front lawns, people don't go to their contractors and inspect their -- their ID cards of their employees.

Secondly with regards to sanctuary cities, the governors aren't responsible for mayors who are not following the law. And actually in my case, I -- as soon as I learned about it, a program in the department of -- of ICE, that we could have our state police authorized to enforce the law, I did just that, so that in sanctuary cities in our state and non-sanctuary cities, the law would be enforced.

But this is a place where Mayor Giuliani and I just simply disagree.

I think we should reduce federal funding to cities that call themselves sanctuary cities. I think saying, as he did, if you happen to be an undocumented alien, we want you in New York, we'll protect you in New York -- I think that contributed to 3 million illegals in this country becoming 12 million illegals coming into this country.

And I also disagree on the issue of -- of what I'll call amnesty. And that is, I just don't think that you say to people who've come here illegally that if you work here we're going to sign you up. That's the wrong answer. Amnesty is not the right answer for this -- this problem. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I want to follow up on what Governor Romney said.

In New York City, you allowed illegals to report crimes and to seek medical treatment, you said in the interests of public safety. But in fact, you went a lot further than that as mayor. Back in 1994, you said the following "If you come here and you work hard and you happen to be in an undocumented status, you're one of the people who we want in this city. You're somebody that we want to protect, and we want you to get out from under what is often a life of being a fugitive, which is really unfair."

As president, would you continue to protect illegals from what you then called unfair enforcement of our borders?

LOSER Chris, you haven't really described the entire extent of the executive order. The first part of the executive order points out that the police should report all illegals suspected of committing a crime or who have committed a crime. In fact, the year before I was mayor the immigration service stopped taking names from the police department of people that the police department were reporting.

So the problem that I had was I had 400,000 illegal immigrants -- roughly -- in New York City, and I had a city that was the crime capital of America.

I had to do something intelligent with them. I didn't have the luxury of, you know, political rhetoric. I had the safety and security of the people of New York City on my shoulders.

So what I did was, I said -- and I think this is a sensible policy -- if you are an illegal immigrant in New York City, and a crime is committed against you, I want you to report that, because, lo and behold, the next time a crime is committed, it could be against a citizen or a legal immigrant.

I said if you are a child in New York City -- of which we had 40(,000) to 50(,000) to 60,000 illegal immigrant children -- did it make sense to leave them on the streets?

The federal government deported only 758 people that year from New York City. So the reality is, my programs and policies led to a city that was the safest large city in the country. So they must have been sensible policies.

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, time. (Applause.)

Senator McCain, when you were backing comprehensive immigration reform this spring, you accused Governor Romney of flip-flopping on this issue. In fact, you said maybe his solution will be to get his small varmint gun and run the Guatemalans off his lawn. (Laughter.)

WINNER I thought that -- I thought was a pretty good line.

 (Inaudible.) (Laughter, applause.)

(Cross talk.)

MODERATOR Thank you, but I'm not done. I'm not done.

WINNER I wish I'd have written it myself.

MODERATOR Is the governor playing politics on immigration? And are you now doing the same thing backing a new plan which would enforce the borders but without any longer a path to citizenship?

WINNER Look, this is an emotional and passionate issue, and one that -- very seldom have I seen an issue that aroused this much passion with the American people.

No one, by the way, is for amnesty. I and the president of the United States, both of us from border states, came forward with a plan that we thought was comprehensive and workable, with the priority being border security, which remains my position.

Why we failed is because the American people have lost trust and confidence in us -- our failure in Katrina, our failures in Iraq, our failures to control runaway spending, and so we failed. So obviously we have to succeed because there's 12 million people who are in this country illegally, which is defacto amnesty, and we need a temporary worker program.

I'd commit to securing the borders first. We can secure those borders. As president, I would have the border state governors certify that those borders were indeed secure. We can sit down together. Governor Romney less than a year ago had the exact same position that I did.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, two years ago as governor of Arkansas you said that legislation that was then before the state legislature to crack down on illegal immigration was, quote, "inflammatory and race-baiting." Last year, you said this about opposition to immigration reform that was then in Congress. "If I were to say some of it is driven by shear racism, I think I would be telling you the truth."

Governor, why do you feel that some of the people who oppose illegal immigrants who have broken the law, why do you feel some of them are racist?

LOSER Well, first of all, because I've listened to some of them, and it's not the concern that people are coming here for opportunities or even that they're illegal.

Look, I want to be very clear. I agree we ought to have sealed borders. People in this country are essentially good folks. They're not angry at immigrants who want to come here for the same reason that our ancestors came, but they're angry at a government that has completely ignored borders and allowed this problem to fester to the point that it's now overrunning us in a position that people don't even understand how to fix it.

The reality is that we track packages from UPS and FedEx every time we order from amazon.com, and yet we've got a government that says we don't what to do and how to keep up with people. If necessary, we ought to outsource this whole issue to FedEx and UPS. They seem to have a better way of keeping up with packages than our government does with people. (Applause.)

But I want to be clear. If someone is looking for a president who is going to have a mean spirit toward other human beings, I'm not their guy. I'll fix the borders, I'll secure them, but what I won't do is to do it because I'm angry at them for wanting to come here for the same reason that the rest of us love America. (Bell, applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, you have made cracking down on illegal immigration the centerpiece of your campaign. Do you think any of the four gentlemen you have heard speak so far tonight are serious about this problem? And do you agree with Governor Huckabee that some of the people who oppose illegals are in fact mean-spirited and racist?

MODERATOR You know, I listen to my colleagues up here talk about this, and I ask -- and I listen to the questions that are finally being asked about this and the answers that are finally being given on this issue. It happens to be one of the most serious domestic problems that we face in America. And for of course how many months did my colleagues up here stay silent or were on the other side of it?

You wonder why people in the United States are cynical about politics and politicians. It could be -- it just could be that when the wind is blowing in one direction, and that is, you know, we're not going to say anything about illegal immigration, we will be silent on the issue. But when it sounds like the people are getting uptight about this and we can make hay out of it, we're all going to be the strongest supporters of secure borders that you ever saw in your life.

Well, I'll tell you, I'd like to see more than rhetoric.

I wish that I could feel in their hearts that that's exactly where they were going. And it's got nothing to do with disliking people who are coming into this country; it's got everything to do with the rule of law. Does anybody understand that? (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, I have a question for you from one of our viewers. Pat Scott (sp) from Leander, Texas asks, "What are you going to do as the next president to start and complete the border fence from California to Texas?"

Now, I know that your idea is to complete 854 miles of fence from California all the way to Texas along our southern border, but top Texas officials now say that doing so would infringe on the property rights of some of the ranchers and farmers in that area, and they also say trying to maintain a fence in open desert would be impractical.

So what do you say to those top Texas officials, as well as to Pat Scott (sp)?

 HUNTER Here's what we tell 'em, Chris It's the law. And you know, I built that border fence in San Diego that -- and it's really two fences. It's a double fence. And incidentally, since this is Fox, it's not that scraggly little fence that they keep showing on CNN with people hopping over it. (Laughter.) If you get over my fence, we sign you up for the Olympics immediately. (Laughter.)

Now, that fence is a double fence with a road in between, and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs in San Diego -- coming across the border into San Diego, which was the number one smuggler's corridor in America -- by 90 percent. And that's the reason I wrote the law that extends it 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.

It's now the law that that fence be built. The president signed the bill October 26th. They've only done 17.9 miles. As president, I'll complete all 854 miles in six months. That's my commitment. I'm going to build the fence; it's the law. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Chris.

Let's go down to Young's Restaurant and see what Carl Cameron is picking up from voters down there.

Carl.

CAMERON Hi, Brit. Well, they've been serving UNH customers and Granite State voters here at Young's since 1916. And we're going to talk a little bit here to Pam and John Rogers. She is an attorney involved in illegal immigration issues, and he is a law enforcement official that deals with it virtually every day.

Lieutenant, give us an idea of what it is you see and then what it is you're worried about.

JOHN ROGERS Well, we're overwhelmed in the street. I mean, just the crimes are getting more violent. They're out of control, where you can't communicate with these immigrants.

My concern is these illegal immigrants get here. You know, what makes you think that they're going to follow any of these rules put in place? They're not.

You can build all the fences you want. If you don't man them, they're going to go over them; they're going to go under them. They're still going to get in here.

And what are you going to do with the illegal immigrants that are already here? How are you going to handle that problem? There's millions of them.

The opportunities that I've had to deal with the situation, you call INS. They won't even come down and talk to you. They're just understaffed, undermanned. What are you going to do about that?

CAMERON So we're going to spin this one back to both John McCain and Rudy Giuliani, and ask them Lieutenant's question How can you not call it amnesty?

(Cross talk.)

LOSER Well, I think the officer made the point I was just making earlier. What he said was, they turn over the names to ICE. I used to turn them over to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and nobody is deported.

As I said, I had 400,000 illegal immigrants. The best year they ever had for deportations was 2,000. I figured out I was stuck with 398,000. It's like simple arithmetic.

So the reality is that we do have to stop illegal immigrants from coming in at our border. It is a national priority.

And a physical fence isn't going to do the whole thing. We need a technological fence. We need photographic equipment, heat-seeking equipment, motion detection equipment. It all exists. It didn't exist 10 years ago, it didn't exist 20 years ago, it exists today. Other countries do it.

And we need a tamper-proof single ID card for every single person who's in this country from a foreign country, and if we can secure our borders and illegal immigration, we will then be able to do what Governor Huckabee is talking about with legal immigrants. We want to encourage legal immigration, and we want to end illegal immigration.

And --

MODERATOR Senator McCain --

LOSER -- it is a very, very sensible policy. Most countries accomplish it. Most countries do not allow you to walk in without identifying yourself.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, the same question to you. How do you not call the circumstances the officer described as an amnesty?

WINNER Well because amnesty according to the dictionary is forgiveness. The proposal that we had would require fines, would require back of the line, would require deportation for some, it would require others to go back to the country of their origin; it would require an enormous amount before anyone as long as 13 years could even be eligible for citizenship in this country.

There's 12 million people who are here illegally. We were trying to find a way to identify, track, deport those necessary, and those who have been here for some 40 or 50 years then give them, after everybody else who's come here legally, a place in line behind everybody else. It was a comprehensive proposal.

I was in Baghdad over the 4th of July, and I was present at a ceremony where 688 brave young Americans re-enlisted. A hundred and twenty-eight brave young Americans who were green card holders were given citizenship in this country.

Two of them that were supposed to be there had sacrificed their lives prior to that.

MODERATOR Governor Romney --

WINNER On these people -- these people are brave, they've wonderful, and they want to be citizens of this country. And I'm proud of them. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Romney, I'm seeing you were itching to get in on this. Let me just -- give me just a quick answer here.

LOSER First of all, the Z visa that was offered in that Senate bill let everybody who's here illegally, other than criminals, stay here for the rest of their lives. And that many not be technically amnesty, but it is certainly amnesty, in fact.

I was at the San Diego border and met with our Border Patrol agents. They told me that more than a half of those that try and come across those fences are able to do so. They said there's no way to stop them at the border, unless you close down the magnets. And the magnets are sanctuary cities and having employers sign people up that have come here illegally to do work here. You have to end sanctuary cities. You have to cut back on federal funding to cities that continue to call themselves sanctuary cities and welcome people in, as New York has done. And you have to say to employers that hire people illegally, "That's also going to be sanctioned." This is the way we're going to have to finally end it.

And the other key point is this, which is having amnesty and saying to individuals, as the mayor has said, if you come here and you're willing to work here and pay taxes, we'll sign you up. That's not the right message. We've got to enforce the law, welcoming legal immigration but ending illegal immigration.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

Senator Brownback, I know you're itching to get in this. You're in the next round.

MODERATOR I'd like to --

MODERATOR We'll come to you in a moment. Please bear with us.

Wendell Goler has the next round of questions. Wendell?

GOLER Gentlemen, I want to talk to you about family values. And Senator Brownback, you're itching for a question. I have one for you.

MODERATOR Okay. I'd like --

GOLER You colleague Senator Larry Craig of Idaho is making it difficult for the Republican Party to claim to be the party of family values. Now, I know that as his friend, you may forgive him. Can you expect voters to do the same? And what do you say to Senator Craig's second thoughts about resigning?

MODERATOR Well, I'd say, on his second thoughts, he's already pulled that trigger and he's decided what he's going to do. And I think he needs to stick with that.

And this is a -- a terrible situation, the factual setting on it. What I think is good about it is that he's taking responsibility in the sense of resigning from office, and I think he ought to stick with it.

What I think was also good about it was as far as the Republican Party leadership saying we think we ought to get to the bottom of this; that we shouldn't hide people, we should put it in an ethics process; and that there's a process to do that.

But let me back up and to talk about the bigger picture. I think it is important that the party stand for family values. I'm running saying that the lead thing we need to do is rebuild the family in this country, and I think we need to be clear about our efforts and willingness to do that.

And if we're going to solve problems of education, crime, what -- what's taking place in some of our areas where we're not getting the growth, we've got to rebuild the family. That's at the core of what we need to do, and we shouldn't walk away from family values for fear that instances like this happen within our party. We should be bolder about standing up for family. (Bell sounds.) Family's important for us, and it's important for America. (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman Hunter, another e-mail question for you.

Scott Baker (sp) of Boise, Idaho says, "For the sake of the GOP, should Larry Craig resign immediately?"

 HUNTER Yeah, I think he should, and I think he ought to stick with this -- with the commitment that he made. And you know, that's one thing about our party When our guys have problems like this, they leave -- they leave the Senate or they leave the House. When the Democrats have problems like this, they often make them chairman of -- of their respective committees. (Cheers, applause.)

And Wendell, let me be -- let me just give you -- you know, these presidential debates help to define our party.

You know, my model is my dad, who left the Marines after World War II, came back, worked for a year as a volunteer for the Republican Party, never asked for a job, never asked for a position, but only wanted to help our country, and asked me every day while he was alive, what'd you do for America today? That's my model of a Republican. (Applause.)

GOLER Thank you, Congressman.

Governor Romney, your aides say you see ending abortion as a two- step process -- rolling back Roe v. Wade, which would leave it legal in some states and then a constitutional amendment to ban it nationwide. If abortion is murder, how can you live it with being legal in some parts of the country, and for how long can you do so?

LOSER Well, I think all of us -- I believe almost all of us in the room would say that we'd love to have an America that didn't have abortion. But the truth of the matter is that -- (applause) -- that's not what America is right now. That's not where the American people are right now, and so I'd like to see Roe v. Wade overturned and allow the states and the elected representatives of the people and the people themselves have the ability to put in place pro-life legislation.

And of course it's our aspiration that at some point we'll see a nation that doesn't have abortion. But until that time, I certainly believe that allowing states and citizens and their representatives to fashion their own laws to protect the sanctity of life is very, very important.

I recognize that for many people, that is considered an act of murder, to have an abortion. It is without question the taking of a human life, and I believe that a civilized society must respect the sanctity of a human life. But we have two lives involved here A mom and unborn child. We have to have concern for both lives. And so the expression of our compassion and our consideration -- and work to change hearts and minds -- and that's the way, in my view, we'll ultimately have a society without abortion.

GOLER Governor Huckabee, do you see any real difference -- (interrupted by applause) -- between Governor Romney's willingness to allow legalized abortion in some states and Mayor Giuliani's support -- effective support for a woman's right to choose?

LOSER Wendell, I'm going to let them sort out whatever differences they have.

I would look to see us have in this country what I helped lead in our state in Arkansas, and that's a human life amendment to our state constitution, Amendment 65. It says that we believe life begins at conception and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion, and that means that we truly value and respect elevate and celebrate every life.

The reason this country has been extraordinarily interested in what's going on with those miners out in Utah is because even though we don't know them, they represent us in the sense that they are human beings, and we don't know their faith. We need to show the same kind of respect for life whether a child is in the womb or whether in a coal mine or in a long-term care facility. It's about the fact that in our culture the greatest testament that we can give is that we have a(n) undying respect for every human life as having intrinsic worth and value.

GOLER Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

Mayor Guiliani, Senator Fred Thompson -- and we do wish he was here -- (light laughter) -- says the Virginia Tech tragedy might have been lessened if some of the students had been allowed to carry guns. He also says that -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- he also says he never felt safe in your city because of its gun control laws.

What do you have to say to him about either of these assertions?

LOSER Well, I would say to him the FBI would disagree with that. New York City was during the years that I was mayor the safest large city in the United States. In fact, in 2000, which was one of the last years that I was mayor, it was 191 for crime in the country.

For example in Boston, there was a 59 percent greater chance you'd be the victim of a crime than in New York City. In many other cities, there was 100 to 300 percent greater chance that you'd be a victim of a crime than in New York City.

One of the things that I accomplished as mayor of New York City was the impossible. I took a city that was the crime capital of America, and I made it not only the safest large city in America, I made it safer than 189 small cities. So, I mean, people have their right to their own feelings. The reality is you were safer in New York than just about any other city in the United States after I was mayor for about three or four years.

GOLER And the idea of letting college students carry weapons?

LOSER I think states have a right to decide that. I mean, states have an right to decide their gun laws. The 2nd Amendment grants you the right to bear arms.

We have a federal system. A lot of these issues work in America, where we have people of different views and different conscience, because we are a federal system. We allow states to make different decisions.

The focus of our law should be on criminals. That's what I did in New York City. I reduced shootings in New York City by 75 percent. And I did it by focusing not on guns but on criminals, putting them in jail, putting them in jail for long periods of time when they committed crimes with guns, and it worked. (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman Paul, another gun issue for you if you will. You have said that the 9/11 attackers might have had second thoughts if they'd felt that some of the passengers aboard the airplanes would -- might have been armed. We have seen airplanes -- airflights diverted because people heard Arabic on planes, because they heard Muslims praying. What do you think it would do to the travel industry of this country if passengers felt others were carrying guns aboard, sir?

LOSER Well, first off, you're quoting me incorrectly.

GOLER I'm sorry.

LOSER I said that responsibility for protecting passengers falls with the airline, not the government, not the passengers. The airline's responsible for the aircraft and the passengers.

If we wouldn't have been dependent on the federal government to set all the rules, which meant no guns and no resistance, then the terrorists may well have had second thoughts because the airlines would have had the responsibility. But we assumed the government was going to take care of us.

After 9/11, instead of moving toward the direction of personal responsibility and private property and Second Amendment, we moved in the opposite direction. We turned it over to the federal government, and look at the mess we have now at airports. I mean, the airlines -- private industry protects their property all the time. People who haul around money in armored trucks protect their -- their money all the time. But here is one example when the federal government was involved and they messed it up. And if we put the responsibility on the right people, respected the Second Amendment, I sincerely believe there would have been a lot less chance of 9/11 ever happening. (Bell sounds.) (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Let's check in once again down at Young's Restaurant with Carl Cameron. Carl?

CAMERON Hiya, Brit.

Well, in this country, any discussion of family values now has sort of gone into what constitutes a marriage -- a man and a man, a man and a woman, gay marriage. A lot of conservatives would like to see a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.

And we have a chance here to talk to Heidi Turcotte of Dover, state employees -- a state employee, health and human services social worker. What do you think? Should we be banning -- should there be a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage?

HEIDI TURCOTTE (Dover, NH) Absolutely not. We're the state of "Live Free or Die," and people should be able to marry the person they love.

CAMERON Okay, so let's take that question from Heidi Turcotte -- (cheers, applause) -- and there you hear the reaction from Granite Staters, the "Live Free or Die" state -- and pose this to Sam Brownback.

Senator Brownback, should there be a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage? And if so, why?

MODERATOR The answer to that is yes. And the reason is is this is a foundational institution. (Cheers, applause, boos.)

MODERATOR It is a foundational institution. (Audience continues to boo.)

I understand this is a divided audience on this, and I understand we as a country are struggling with this question, but these issues aren't done in a vacuum. I had a question earlier about family values, and I think this is important for us to rebuild the family structure. In countries that have redefined marriage, where they've said, okay, it's not just a man and a woman, it can be two men, two women, the marriage rates in those countries have plummeted to where you have counties now in Northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock. We don't need more children born out of wedlock; we need more children born into wedlock between a mom and a dad bonded together for life.

When you do these vast social experiments -- and that's what this is, when you redefine marriage. It's a vast social experiment. They're not done in isolation. They impact the rest of the culture around you. When you take the sacredness out of marriage, you will drive the marriage rates down. And currently in this country, currently we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock. You can raise a good child in that setting, but we know the best place is between a mom and a dad bonded together for life. (Boos, cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. It is time now for a break, and we will back with more of our debate live from the Whittemore Center Arena on the campus of the University of New Hampshire right after these messages.

(Announcements.)

(Applause.)

MODERATOR And we are back at the University of New Hampshire in the Whittemore Center Arena as our Republican presidential debate continues. Wendell resumes the questions. Wendell?

GOLER Senator McCain, Mayor Giuliani says his leadership after the 9/11 attacks shows he is the best candidate for national security, and you say nothing he has done shows any real experience in foreign policy or national security affairs. Tell me why, sir.

WINNER Well, I say that Mayor Giuliani did a great job as mayor of New York City and led the country and inspired us after the tragedy of 9/11, and I admire that and appreciate it.

I've spent my life on national security issues. I've taken unpopular stands because I knew what was right. Back in 2003, amid criticism from my fellow Republicans, I spoke strongly against the then-Rumsfeld strategy which I knew was doomed to failure and caused so much needless sacrifice. I advocated very strongly the new strategy that some Democrats have called the McCain strategy -- (chuckles) -- which it is not, and I believe that the strategy is winning. I know the conflict. I know war. I have seen war. I know how the military works. I know how the government works. I understand national security.

I have led. I had -- I was once the commanding officer of the largest squadron in the United States Navy. I didn't manage it; I led it. (Applause.)

GOLER Chris?

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I'd like you first of all to respond to Senator McCain's comments that for all you did in New York on 9/11, it doesn't translate into national security experience. And also, last May, when I asked you why you have never been to Iraq, you said you would like to go by the end of this year. Are you in fact going to make that deadline?

LOSER I hope so. I hope we're able to go. I hope we can do it without creating a great deal of publicity.

I have tremendous respect for Senator McCain. I think I've said more than once, if I wasn't running, I'd probably be supporting him for president of the United States. (Applause.) I just -- well, I just happen to think that the better candidate -- me -- but, you know -- (laughter) -- the reality is that I'm not running on what I did on September 11th.

I'm running on the -- I'm running on the fact that I was mayor of the largest city in the country, the third-largest government in the country. I was tested in that position with crisis almost every day.

And when I came into office, I took over a city with a massive fiscal crisis. I took over a city with a massive crime crisis. We were on the front page of Time magazine as "The Rotting of the Big Apple." And I turned over a city that was the safest city in America, just about. I turned over a city that -- where we had reduced taxes 23 times. I turned over a government that George Will said was the most conservative government of anyone in the last 50 years. And I turned over a city where people had hope that hadn't had hope before.

And before that, I was the third-ranking official in the Justice Department. I've had a great deal of experience. I think it's the kind of experience that helps to prepare for you president, if there's any experience that does. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Wendell?

GOLER Governor Romney, you have suggested that U.S. troops in Iraq move to a support phase after the surge, which pretty much has to end in the spring, and a standby phase after that in Kuwait and Qatar. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems even Hillary Clinton is willing to commit troops to Iraq longer than that, sir.

LOSER I don't have a time frame that I've announced. What I've indicated is that -- is very consistent with what the president is speaking about and what we're hearing from Iraq right now. And that is that the surge is apparently working. We're going to get a full report on that from General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker very soon. But the Center for Strategic and International Studies and Brookings have come back with positive reports.

If the surge is working, then we're going to be able to start bringing back our troop levels, slowly but surely, and play more of a support role over time. Ultimately, down the road, I would anticipate that we're not going to have a permanent presence in Iraq.

And we'll be in a standby mode in surrounding nations. But we've -- when we consider moving to a support role and bringing, at some stage, our troop levels back, we're going to be doing that from a position of strength, because the surge has worked.

There's no question It's essential for America to show that we are committed to success in Iraq. Our men and women are the bravest and most patriotic in the world, that are over there fighting. We deserve to give them the kind of support they need to make this mission successful. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Do you see that support phase, sir, in 2008?

LOSER I'm sorry.

MODERATOR Do you see the support phase in 2008?

LOSER I think you're going to begin to see, if the surge is working, and I think we're going to get that report very soon, that we're going to begin to slowly but surely pull back to a support role. But the timetable for that, I hope, will be as soon as possible. We all hope for that; we all hope for that.

But the question of timetable will depend upon how successful the surge is. And the key is we don't start pulling back troops. We don't go into a support mode until we are successful with the surge and we are providing the security and the stability that we anticipate for this country.

Chris.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

WINNER Governor, the surge is working. The surge is working, sir. It is working.

LOSER That's just what I said.

WINNER No, not apparently -- it's working.

It's working because we've got a great general. We've got a good strategy. Anbar province Things have improved. The Maliki government is not doing the things we want it to do. The police are not functioning the way we want them to do.

But we are succeeding, and the great debate is not whether it's apparently working or not. The great debate is going to take place on the floor of the United States Senate, the middle of this month. And it's going to be whether we set a date for withdrawal, which will be a date for surrender, or whether we will let this surge continue and succeed.

And I can assure you, it's more than apparent. It is working, and we have to rally the American people.

The people of New Hampshire are saddened and frustrated and angry over our failures in Iraq. I share their anger, their frustration and their failure, and I want them home, too, but I want them home for the right reasons. I want our troops home with honor, otherwise we will face catastrophe and genocide in the region.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- Congressman Paul, your position on the war is pretty simple Get out. What about, though, trying to minimize the bloodbath that would certainly occur if we pull out in a hurry? What about protecting the thousands of Iraqis who have staked their lives in backing the U.S.? And would you leave troops in the region to take out any al Qaeda camps that are developed after we leave?

LOSER The people who say there will be a bloodbath are the ones who said it would be a cakewalk, it would be slam dunk, and that it would be paid for by oil. Why believe them? They've been wrong on everything they've said. Why not ask the people -- (interrupted by cheers) -- why not ask the people who advise not to go into the region and into the war? The war has not gone well one bit.

Yes, I would leave, I would leave completely. Why leave the troops in the region? The fact that we had troops in Saudi Arabia was one of the three reasons given for the attack on 9/11. So why leave them in the region? They don't want our troops on the Arabian Peninsula. We have no need for our national security to have troops on the Arabian Peninsula, and going into Iraq and Afghanistan and threatening Iran is the worst thing we can do for our national security.

I am less safe, the American people are less safe for this. It's the policy that is wrong. Tactical movements and shifting troops around and taking in 30 more and reducing by five, totally irrelevant. We need a new foreign policy that said we ought to mind our own business, bring our troops home, defend this country, defend -- (bell sounds) -- our borders --

MODERATOR So if --

(Interrupted by cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR So, Congressman Paul, and I'd like you to take 30 seconds to answer this, you're basically saying that we should take our marching orders from al Qaeda? If they want us off the Arabian Peninsula, we should leave? (Laughter.)

LOSER No! (Cheers, applause.) I'm saying -- (laughter) -- I'm saying we should take our marching orders from our Constitution. We should not go to war -- (cheers, applause) -- we should not go to war without a declaration. We should not go to war when it's an aggressive war. This is an aggressive invasion. We've committed the invasion of this war, and it's illegal under international law. That's where I take my marching orders, not from any enemy. (Cheers, boos.)

LOSER Chris, bring a few questions over this way!

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, you want in on this.

LOSER I have a suggestion.

MODERATOR What do you have to say, sir?

MODERATOR I didn't hear your question, so I'm going to --

MODERATOR What do you have to say to what you heard?

MODERATOR Thank you.

I think what we need to do now is look at the situation we have and now have a political surge taking place. This is Thomas Friedman's statement, but it is true. You've got the military that has made a number of progressive steps, particularly in the west, Al Anbar province. They've made progress. But we don't have a political solution on the ground that works in Iraq.

Iraq is less a country than it is three groups held together by exterior forces. It's the Kurds in the north, the Sunni in the west, the Shi'a in the south, and a mixed city in Baghdad. And yes, there are groups that are mixed around in that. I think we need to recognize that reality.

We ought to now push for establishment of a Sunni state in the west, still one country, still one country, but separate states. That's a political solution -- that you can take advantage of what the military has done on the ground. That's what we need to do to move forward now.

GOLER Senator, let me ask you, quickly, if you do that kind of loose federation, how do you keep the Kurds in the north from fighting with Turkey, how do you keep the Shi'a from allying with Iran, and how do you keep the Sunnis from rebelling over having no oil resources?

MODERATOR How do you do it now? I mean, I think you're going to need a long-term U.S. presence in, I think, particularly in the Kurdish region in the north and the Sunni region in the west, that you're going to have a long-term -- invited by those governments, and you're going to need it to assure the Turks that the Kurds aren't going to pull out and to assure the Kurds that the Turks aren't going to come in. I think that's what you have to do in looking at the reality.

And the next president needs to come in and know foreign policy and not learn it on the job. This is something we need to know going in. The world is flat. I ought to know that. Being from Kansas, I understand flat. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, the latest National Intelligence Estimate, which is out recently, says that even if we continue the troop surge -- and we're going to put it up on the screen -- Iraq's security will continue to improve modestly during the next six to 12 months, but levels of insurgent and sectarian violence will remain high, and the Iraqi government will continue to struggle to achieve national-level political reconciliation and improved governance.

Governor, if that's the best we can hope for, should we continue the surge?

LOSER We have to continue the surge. And let me explain why, Chris. When I was a little kid, if I went into a store with my mother, she had a simple rule for me. If I picked something off the shelf of the store and I broke it, I bought it.

I learned don't pick something off the shelf I can't afford to buy.

Well, what we did in Iraq, we essentially broke it. It's our responsibility to do the best we can to try to fix it before we just turn away because something is at stake. Senator McCain made a great point, and let me make this clear. If there's anybody on this stage that understands the word honor, I've got to say Senator McCain understands that word -- (applause, cheers) -- because he has given his country a sacrifice the rest of us don't even comprehend. (Continued applause.)

And on this issue, when he says we can't leave until we've left with honor, I 100 percent agree with him because, Congressman, whether or not we should have gone to Iraq is a discussion that historians can have, but we're there. We bought it because we broke it. We've got a responsibility to the honor of this country and to the honor of every man and woman who has served in Iraq and ever served in our military to not leave them with anything less than the honor that they deserve. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Go ahead. You wanted to respond? He just addressed you; you go ahead and respond. (Continued applause.)

LOSER The American people didn't go in. A few people advising this administration, a small number of people called the neoconservative hijacked our foreign policy. They're responsible, not the American people. They're not responsible. We shouldn't punish them. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER Congressman, we are one nation. We can't be divided. We have to be one nation under God. That means if we make a mistake, we make it as a single country, the United States of America, not the divided states of America. (Cheers.)

LOSER No. When we make a mistake -- (interrupted by applause) -- when we make a mistake, it is the obligation of the people through their representatives to correct the mistake, not to continue the mistake! (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER And that's what we do on the floor of the --

LOSER No! We've dug a hole for ourselves and we dug a hole for our party!

We're losing elections and we're going down next year if we don't change it, and it has all to do with foreign policy, and we have to wake up to this fact.

LOSER Even if we lose elections, we should not lose our honor, and that is more important to the Republican Party.

LOSER We're losing -- we've lost over -- (cheers, applause) -- we have lost -- we have lost 5,000 Americans killed in -- we've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan and Iraq and plus the civilians killed. How many more do you want to lose? How long are we going to be there? How long -- what do we have to pay to save face? That's all we're doing is saving face. It's time we came home!

MODERATOR Okay, gentlemen. Gentlemen, thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

Wendell? (Booing.)

GOLER Congressman Hunter, you've been wanting to weigh in on this.

 HUNTER Hallelujah. (Laughter.)

GOLER Senator Brownback says we need a long-term U.S. presence in Iraq; Congressman Paul says we need to bring the troops home now. Which is it?

 HUNTER Wendell, I -- first, let's remember that we've got troops -- those 157,000 folks in Iraq, lots of them in Afghanistan are watching us tonight, and let me just tell you what they've done.

In Anbar province, we were having 1,350 attacks a month last October. By the blood, sweat and tears of the U.S. Marines out there, we've pulled it down 80 percent. They've pulled down civilian casualties 74 percent. (Applause.) And I -- I shouldn't let this one go, because the Democrats made an entire debate in never complementing what the troops have done. This is how we do it.

We've got 129 battalions in the Iraqi army that we're training up. We're training them up, we are getting them into the fight. When those Iraqi battalions are battle-hardened and they start to rotate into the positions on the battlefield, displacing American forces, the American forces can then rotate out, come back to the U.S. or go to other places in Central Command.

That's the right way to win; it's called victory. That's how we leave Iraq. (Cheers, applause.)

GOLER No matter how long it takes, sir? No matter how long it takes?

 HUNTER What's that?

GOLER No matter how long it takes?

 HUNTER Well, let me -- let me tell you, right now we've seen an 80 percent depression in the attacks in Anbar province, those tough towns of Fallujah and Ramadi -- which were incidentally the toughest, most difficult towns, where gun battles were being waged daily. We've now knocked that down 80 percent. And my answer is, if you think we're going to be there for a long time, you don't understand the determination of the U.S. Marines and the U.S. Army. (Cheers, applause.) We're going to turn it over.

MODERATOR Chris.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, you opposed the troop surge from the start. You advocate pulling forces back from the front lines to strategic positions across the Middle East. Is there anything that General Petraeus could say when he reports to Congress next week that would change your mind?

MODERATOR Well, I hope and pray that, of course, the surge works. I hope, and in fact I believe, there are indications that certain aspects of it are. I don't doubt that for a moment, and I want to commend General Petraeus and I want to commend every single person serving in the theater.

But let me get back to a central point here, and that is why we're there and, in fact, with whom we are at war. The war is not actually in Iraq; the war is with radical Islam. That's who we are at war with -- (applause) -- and we have to understand it. Iraq is a battlefield in that war.

And we -- in order for us to be successful there, a number of things are going to have to happen, and I think part -- when we talk about the disengagement, that is exactly what I believe has to happen.

We have to disengage as the police force in Iraq but we cannot leave the country. We cannot leave, because this is not a war that will end with our departure. I wish that were the case. Wouldn't that be wonderful if that's all it would take, for us to say we'll withdraw all of our troops and we will never have another thing to worry about?

But we were not attacked because we had troops in Saudi Arabia. I don't believe it. We were attacked because radical Islam wants to destroy the United States of America and any part of this world that they do not agree with. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Well, it's been a lively round here in the hall. Let's see if that's reflected down at Young's Restaurant, where Carl Cameron is standing by.

Carl.

CAMERON Hi, Brit. During part of this exchange, I sort of asked our group gathered here what they thought of what was going on. And the consensus was that there was a lot of skirting of the issues and not a great degree of clarity.

New Hampshire, in fact, our hosts here at UNH have all had sacrifices. There was a UNH grad, Ben Keating, who was the head of the College Republicans, who gave up his life in Iraq for this mission. And we want to talk now with Mark and Deb Riss. Mr. Riss is a deputy sheriff here in Strafford County, and their son Dan comes back after his second tour in just two weeks.

You've heard a great deal about this. Tell us what it is that you are most interested in. And there's a question, I guess, for Mr. Romney about the timing of all this.

MARK RISS Yes, what I'm obviously most interested in is how we can bring an endgame to the war in Iraq and yet still do it so that it's a victory for us and a victory for the people of Iraq. And my question is to Governor Romney.

And that is, I've heard the other people up there articulate themselves a little bit better. But in your answer, I didn't hear how you would end it. I didn't hear an endgame plan from you and I would like a response on that.

And also along those same lines, sir, a comment.

I don't think you fully understand how offended my wife and I were and probably the rest of the people who have sons, daughters, husbands and wives serving in the war on terror to compare your son's attempts to get you elected my son's service in Iraq. (Cheers, applause.) I know you apologized a couple days later up there, a firestorm started. But it was wrong, sir, and you never should have said it.

LOSER Well, there is no comparison, of course. There's no question. But the honor that we have for men and women who serve in armed forces is a place of honor we will never forget, and nothing compares to it. People who are willing to put their life on the line for American freedom are in a league of their own, and we owe them their -- our respect. And the sacrifice they make is something we'll never forget.

The issue -- and I think Congressman Tancredo hit the nail on the head. This is not about broken pottery, and it's also not about just getting out because we made a mistake. This is a global conflict going on. Radical, violent jihad. This effort ranges from Indonesia, Nigeria, and through Europe and into America, and this battlefield of Iraq is a place where we have to be successful because the consequences of what will happen on this global battlefield are enormous. And that's why it's so important for us to be successful with the surge, and I agree, it looks successful. I certainly hope it's going to be fully successful. And as we are able to do that, we're going to see ourselves able to continue in our efforts to overwhelm jihad.

The key is this We need a global strategy -- and on my website you'll see it -- a global strategy to help us overcome jihad globally because this is the threat which faces the entire civilized world.

MODERATOR Governor, let me follow up on one point.

LOSER Yeah.

MODERATOR You again said it looks successful. Senator McCain disagreed with you on that.

LOSER I'm going to wait --

MODERATOR Is it or isn't it?

LOSER Well, you know, we haven't heard from General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker. I believe it's successful --

MODERATOR Okay.

LOSER -- but I'm going to hold out until we hear the report. I'm going to give them the benefit of hearing that.

I know there are some early reports that they're going to say it's successful, and I certainly hope that's the case. But let's listen to their report.

And assuming success, let's start bringing our troops back when they feel it's the right time to do so to make sure that we -- we move to the support stage out of a posture of strength and not of a -- out of a posture of bowing to the Democrats. The Democrats want to remove al-Maliki -- they want to remove the head of the government and withdraw. That's a policy for chaos.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you -- thank you, Governor.

New subject, new round. Wendell.

GOLER I want to talk, gentlemen, about presidential power and the war on terror here at home. And Governor Romney, I'll start with you.

You have said that the government should wiretap some mosques to keep tabs on Islamic extremists. Would you do this even without a judge's approval, sir?

LOSER No, of course not. We'd use the law to follow people who are teaching doctrines of terror and hate, and make sure that if they're doing that in a mosque, in a school, at a playground, wherever it's being done, we know what's going on.

There's no question but that we're under threat from people who want to attack our country in this global effort. And I know there's a lot of attention paid to, if you will, trying to respond to what would happen if we were attacked, and that's appropriate. We need to have first response up to -- up to the best standards. But our focus has to be on preventing an attack, and preventing attack means good intelligence work. It means if people are coming to this country terrorizing or talking about terror in such a way that it could lead to the violent death of Americans, we need to know about that, track them, follow them, and make sure that in every way we can we know what they're doing and where they're doing it. And if it means we have to go into a mosque to wiretap or a church, then that's exactly where we're going to go because we're going to do whatever it takes to protect the American people.

And I hear from time to time people say, hey, wait a second, we have civil liberties we have to worry about. But don't forget the most important civil liberty I expect from my government is my right to be kept alive, and that's what we're going to have to do. (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman Tancredo, along those lines, you have said the president should have the power to approve "enhanced" interrogation techniques, like waterboarding, in cases where conventional interrogation is not getting the job done.

Sir, I want to ask you Is there a line you won't cross in this regard to keep Americans safe? Would you approve the use of torture if you felt it would prevent a terrorist attack?

MODERATOR Torture -- I mean, we get into this debate all the time, and as the -- as to what exactly is the definition of torture. And I'm telling you that we will -- we need to do -- remember, the question that I was originally asked that elicited the response that you've mentioned was, what do we do in the -- in the response to a nuclear -- or the fact that a nuclear device or some bombs have gone off in the United States; we know that there are -- we have captured people who have information that could lead us to the next one that's going to go off; and it's the big one? That was the question that I responded to.

And I told you yes, I would do -- certainly waterboard -- I don't believe that that is, quote, "torture." I would do what is necessary to protect this country. That is the ultimate responsibility of the president of the United States. All of the other things that we do, all of the other things, all of the other powers vested in him are -- pale in comparison to its -- his responsibility to keep these -- the people of this country safe. And that is ultimate.

And yes, I would go to great lengths to keep this country safe. (Applause.)

GOLER Senator McCain, what do you think about what Congressman Tancredo just said? And more broadly, do you feel President Bush may have overreached his constitutional authority in some actions after the 9/11 attacks, sir?

WINNER I have a very dear and beloved friend whose name is General Jack Vessey, who was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President Reagan. He served in four wars, and he's one of the great leaders I've ever known.

I called him, and I said, "General Vessey, do you think we ought to ever torture anybody?"

General Vessey said any information that we may gain through the use of torture can never, ever be counterbalanced by the damage it does to America's reputation and the risk -- (cheers, applause) -- and the risk that when an American is in the hands of an enemy, that they will use the fact that we tortured people as an excuse to torture our brave men and women in the military.

I'm not prepared to expose them to that.

 They don't need an excuse.

WINNER And it was interesting, during the debate on torture, the retired military, from Colin Powell on down and others, sided with me. Those who had no military experience took the other side.

By the way, Governor Huckabee, thank you for your kind words.

LOSER Thank you. (Laughter, applause.)

GOLER Mayor Giuliani, if you don't think we should close the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay, how long are you prepared to live with the international criticism it's causing? And how long do you think we should hold people there that we feel we can't get a conviction on but are too dangerous to set free?

LOSER Well, this reminds me of the period of time in New York when judges would release criminals into the streets, or threaten to do it. We can't close Guantanamo because nobody will take the people there. (Laughter, applause.) I mean, I -- the president is attempting to move those people to other countries, and those countries are intelligent enough to say we don't want people as dangerous as this in our country.

So what are you proposing, that we release them in New York or in Boston or in Los Angeles? So there's a reality to this that the liberal media and some of the Democratic politicians seem to try to avoid.

Also, this discussion of fighting a war where we're constantly discussing when we're going to withdraw -- when has a nation ever won a war when the constant discussion was, what kind of timetable were we going to set for our retreat? In order to -- (applause) -- in order to win, you have to set an objective.

The objective should be an Iraq that is going to help us in the terrorists' war against us. If Iraq is a battle in the terrorists' war against us, which it is, then the winning of that battle constitutes an Iraq that will help us, not an Iraq that will become a headquarters for Islamic terrorists. (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman Hunter, the prisoners at Gitmo right now have little to do with the war in Iraq, so let me ask you basically the question I asked Mayor Giuliani.

 HUNTER Yeah.

GOLER Are you prepared to hold terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay indefinitely if you feel that we can't convict them and they're too dangerous to set free?

 HUNTER Well, absolutely, and let me tell you. The proof of that is the fact that we have conducted these combatant review tribunals, and we've actually sent back to the battlefield or sent back to Afghanistan some of the people that we thought were no longer a threat. Some of those people have shown up on the battlefield, bearing arms against our soldiers and sailors and airmen and Marines, back on the battlefield after we sent them back.

If anything, we've been too liberal with the release of terrorists, and let me tell you. You've got guys like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who said that he planned the attack on 9/11. You've got Osama bin Laden's bodyguards.

Those guys get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugs. They have prayer five times a day. They've all gained weight. The last time I looked at the menu, they had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf on Friday. That's how we treat the terrorists.

They've got health care that's better than most HMOs, and they've got something else that no Democrat politician in America has. They live in a place called Guantanamo where not one person has ever been murdered. And there's not one politician, one Democrat politician in America, that can say that about one of the prisons in his home district.

We got to keep Guantanamo open. (Cheers, applause.)

GOLER Senator Brownback, I want to turn to you, but I want to ask you a different question.

On the issue of executive power, would you grant your vice president as much as authority and as much independence as President Bush has granted to Vice President Cheney?

MODERATOR No, but I would lean -- (laughter) -- heavily on the vice president for advice and thought because I think it's important that the two people come in as a team. I think the president and the vice president ought to come in as a team. I think they ought to have complementarity. I think they ought to have division of duties in some respects for -- as president says, I really want to focus on these areas. I'd like for you to do these particular fields. But it's still the president that decides, and it's the president that should have all the information feeding there to him in that position of authority. And he needs somebody that has a good broad base of experience to be able to do it, good broad base of foreign policy experience.

And if I could say one thought on this presidential power because it's important. We've got hundreds of millions of entries into the United States legally each year of individuals that are U.S. citizens or individuals that are not U.S. citizens. This is a big international country. You have to have the ability to be able to find and to understand what's taking place, and I think the president needs to go through judicial power to be able to put wiretaps on different individuals, but particularly on calls that go overseas. We need this because we're not talking about just a needle in a haystack; we're talking about a needle in a hay field of millions of people that we have to -- need to watch, and we need to find with good intelligence --

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR -- who it is that seeks to do us harm.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Senator.

New round, new subject.

Chris.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, let's talk about taxes and spending. As you all well know, pledges not to raise income taxes are a big deal here in New Hampshire. Six of you on this stage -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- six of you on this stage have signed the pledge of the Americans for Tax Reform to oppose any increase in marginal tax rates, while two of you have not.

Senator McCain, why have you refused to sign? And why do you feel that six of your seven colleagues here on this stage are mistaken in deciding to take that pledge?

WINNER Because I stand on my record, and my record is 24 years of opposing tax increases, and I oppose them, and I'll continue to oppose them. I think it's very clear that the increase in revenue that we've experienced is directly related to the tax cuts that were enacted, and they need to be made permanent rather than the family budgets and businesses being uncertain about their future.

But my proposal in 2000 and 2001 was not just to cut taxes, but to stop spending, and we let spending get out of control. We destroyed the trust and confidence of our Republican base of fiscal conservatives. We allowed spending to get out of control to the point where it bred corruption. And I don't say that word lightly; we have former members of Congress in federal prison as we speak. I pledge to the American people I will veto every pork-barrel bill that comes across my desk, and I will make the authors of those pork-barrel projects famous, and that's what I've been doing for a lot of years.

MODERATOR Senator McCain --

(Interrupted by cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, if I can follow up for 30 seconds, those tax cuts that you talked about that have given us so much revenue, in fact, you voted against those. And why not, if you are determined to not raise taxes, why not sign the pledge?

WINNER Because there's no point. I stand on my record. I don't have to sign pledges. My record stands -- (chuckles) -- for itself. It's very clear to the American people. I've been in this business a long, long time.

But the point is that I voted against the tax cuts because there was no restraint in spending. We had automatic restraints in spending included in my tax-cut package, and we would be talking about additional tax cuts today if we hadn't let spending get out of control and preside over the largest increase in the size of government since the Great Society -- not a record we should be proud of.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, are you persuaded by Senator McCain's argument against taking the pledge to -- not to increase marginal tax rates?

MODERATOR Well, he has his -- he has his own record. He stands on his own record. I think he should sign a pledge; that's why I signed the pledge.

I think it's not just a pledge to a group that has it; I think it's a pledge to the American public. We're already taxed to the max. In most states, you're working till about the middle of May to pay your taxes. It is too long. You're working too much for the government, and you need to be working more for -- for yourself. And I'd push these topics based on I think we need to grow the economy, plus I'd like to be able to see families keep more of their own money, and so that possibly maybe one of them doesn't have to go to work instead of both having to go to work if more families could keep more of their money instead of it going to the government. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you say that you were a big tax cutter in New York, but you did raise fees and fines, and in fact you even went to court to fight elimination of the commuter tax. Why -- and you're the other person in addition to John McCain -- why not take the Americans for Tax Reform pledge not to increase marginal rates, sir?

LOSER It's a matter of principle. I think if you're president of the United States, you take one pledge to uphold the Constitution of the United States. There would be literally -- (applause) -- there would be literally thousands of issues on which you would take a pledge if you let groups do that to you. So I've always taken the view that you take one pledge, it's to uphold the Constitution of the United States.

It is my intention to lower taxes. I have without any doubt of all the people running for president the strongest record of lowering taxes. I did it 23 times in a city that had never lowered a tax before well over $9 billion. I lowered the personal income tax 25 percent, and I was collecting 40 percent more in revenues from the lower tax than the higher tax. I made supply-side economics work in a city that didn't understand it, and I ended up having a very positive impact on the economy of the city as a result of that. I lowered 23 different taxes in a city that had a city council with 45 Democrats and six Republicans.

So my record is very, very strong as a tax cutter, but I only think a man running or a woman running for president should take one pledge and that is to uphold the Constitution of the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you have taken the pledge. You like to say that you don't just talk about budgets, but in fact you actually had to operate one as governor of Massachusetts. But according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, in your first year as governor you raised fees and fines by half a billion dollars, including fees paid by the blind, by gun owners, by those seeking training against domestic violence and even by used car shoppers. In fact, the Associated Press says you earned a nickname back then in Massachusetts, it was FeFe. (Laughter.)

How do you respond, sir?

LOSER Well, that's the first time I've heard that, Chris, but it's pretty good. As a matter of fact, a little exaggeration. The total fees raised were $260 million, and that's a big number. We had a $3 billion budget gap. The Democrats -- you probably know that Massachusetts is a bit of a Democratic state -- the Democrats wanted to raise taxes, I said no way. And in fact, we did not raise taxes on our citizens, and we lowered them across the state time and again.

We put an investment tax credit permanently in place. We provided help to senior citizens on real estate taxes. We changed the capital gains tax increase to a capital gains tax refund. So I'm proud of what we were able to do to lower taxes.

I'm also going to lower taxes for the American people. And that's the key thing. Right now you can listen to the Democrats. Their pledge is clear. They're going to raise taxes. I want to lower them, make the Bush tax cuts permanent, kill the death tax once and for all -- (cheers, applause) -- and a savings plan -- a savings plan -- a savings plan for middle-income Americans. If you earn less than $200,000 a year, the new tax rate on interest, dividends and capital gains ought to be absolutely zero. (Applause.)

And by the way, John Edwards has his own savings plan for the middle class. He says you can save $250 a year tax-free. Whoop-de- do. That's not going to buy you retirement. It's not going to buy you a house. And someone yelled out it's not going to buy him a haircut, either. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you may be the biggest supporter of the fair tax on this stage. You say replace the income tax with a 23 percent national sales tax. Now, back in 2005, President Bush's tax reform commission did a study about the fair tax. They said the sales tax rate would have to be 34 percent, not 23 percent, and that no state, no country has ever put in a 34 percent sales tax. How do you respond to that and also the fact that President Bush's tax commission says that with a fair tax that high, there are only two income groups that would benefit those making less than $30,000 a year and those making more than 200,000 dollars)?

LOSER Well, Chris, the first problem is -- is the Bush tax panel did not look at the fair tax proposal. They looked at something that called itself that, but it was not. The true fair tax proposal is at 23 percent. And what it does do is empower everyone in the economy, not just the people at the bottom and the very top, but all of the middle class, which is a desperate need.

It's pretty sad right now that the average American is more afraid of an IRS audit than getting mugged, but that's the truth. And the reason is because the IRS has the power, not just to come after us for a few seconds but to keep coming after us.

What we would do with the fair tax is to eliminate all the taxes on productivity, which means you could earn anything you want. You wouldn't be penalized for saving, earning, for having a capital gain, making an investment. What you would do is you'd pay a tax when you consume something, and it ends the underground economy. Illegals, prostitutes, drug dealers -- everybody has to pay.

And if people would look at this objectively, they'd find that it's the best way to get rid of the corruption in government, because it eliminates those 35,000 lobbyists out there trying to make winners and losers, and most of us end up being losers in the process.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, your answer is to cut both taxes and spending. You say that you would eliminate the IRS, the CIA, the Federal Reserve, the Department of Homeland Security, Medicare. (Cheers, applause.)

 (Laughs.)

MODERATOR I know that you used to want to end the FBI. I'm not sure whether you still support that idea, sir.

 No.

MODERATOR Perhaps you can tell us. But if you get rid of the CIA, let alone the FBI, how would President Paul have any idea, any intelligence of what our enemies, foreign and domestic, are up to?

LOSER Well, you might ask a better question. Before 9/11, we were spending $40 billion a year, and the FBI was producing numerous information about people being trained on airplanes to fly on but not land in, and they totally ignored them. So it's the inefficiency of the bureaucracy that is the problem. So increasing this with the Department of Homeland Security is spending more money, doesn't solve the problem. Yes, we have every right in the world to know something about intelligence gathering, but we have to have intelligent people interpreting this information. (Cheers, applause.)

But, you know, just going for increasing presidential powers, as has been discussed, is rather disturbing to me. This whole idea that we're supposed to sacrifice liberty for security -- we were advised against that. Don't we remember that when you sacrifice liberty for security, you lose both? That's what's happening in this country today. (Cheers, applause.) We have a national ID card on our doorstep. It's being implemented right now. We have FISA courts, we have warrantless searches, we've lost habeas corpus, we've had secret prisons around the world, and we have torture going on. (Bell.) That's un-American, and we need to use the power of the presidency to get it back in order in order to take care of us and protect this country and our liberties.

MODERATOR Time. Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Cheers, applause.)

Let's see what the people down at Young's Restaurant are making of all this. Carl?

CAMERON Well, what they're making of it is that we've reached the dessert course of the debate here tonight at Young's. We have a poly-sci major, a senior at UNH here, James Tautkus. So with a bow to the Wildcats, poly-sci major -- go ahead, James, have at it.

Q For Rudy Giuliani, I was curious -- the subject of family values is separated from the rest because it's something that you can only lead by example. You can talk all you want, but it doesn't necessarily mean you believe in it. And I just wanted to hear what he -- his comments on that.

CAMERON So a question for Rudy Giuliani about family values -- why specifically, James? What's prompting this?

Q Because you don't see as strong a family as Mitt might present. I don't mean to target him, but it is a concern of mine and something I certainly believe and a good candidate should have.

CAMERON James Tautkus, poly-sci major, UNH.

LOSER I gather that question was for me?

MODERATOR Yeah.

LOSER Okay. (Laughter.)

The reality is that I think someone's private life, someone's family life is something that you all look into to determine how are they going to conduct themselves in public office, and in my case, you have about 30, 35 years of experience to figure out how I would.

I held one of the most difficult jobs in the country, sometimes described as the second- or third-most difficult job in the country.

I held it under very difficult times. I'm not talking about September 11th; I'm talking from the day I came into office with a fiscal crisis, a crime crisis, a welfare crisis. I turned all those things around.

So quite obviously, any issues that go on in my private life, which I don't think are terribly different than at least some people in this country -- I certainly haven't lived a perfect life. I am not running as the perfect candidate for president of the United States. I'm running as a human being who has been very successful as a leader, and had definable results in a situation in which people thought it was impossible to accomplish these things.

They thought it was impossible to take on the mafia; I succeeded in doing it. (Bell sounds.) They thought it was impossible to reduce crime; I did. They thought it was impossible to reduce welfare; I removed 640,000 people from the welfare rolls. And they thought it was impossible to manage New York City -- it was described as an unmanageable city; now they're writing books about how well I managed it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER So obviously any issues in my private life do not affect my public performance. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

We've got -- (cheers, applause) -- we've got to take a quick break here. But when we come back, we're going to ask the candidates to respond to a scenario the next president might very well face. Stay tuned.

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR And we are back from the University of New Hampshire at the Whittemore Center Arena known to all here in Durham as the Whitt.

This round of questions is going to be based on a scenario which we think is quite plausible that any of you as president might well end up facing. It concerns Iran, and these are the circumstances.

Its nuclear program has continued to advance. U.N. weapons inspectors have -- are now saying that it appears that Iran is on the verge of being able to produce and may even be producing nuclear weapons. Iran has suspended its cooperation with the U.N. nuclear agency and asked the inspectors to leave the country. Cross-border incidents in Iraq involving elements of the Revolutionary Guard that continue to increase and are a continuing problem for U.S. forces there and for the Iraqis as well. The U.N. Security Council has imposed some economic sanctions on Iran, but has refused to authorize the use of force against that country. In addition, the threats by Iran's leader against Israel have become more pronounced and more extreme.

What do you do?

Congressman Paul.

LOSER For one thing, one thing I would remember very clearly is the president doesn't have the authority to go to war -- (cheers) -- he goes to the Congress.

MODERATOR What do you do? So what do you do? (Applause.)

LOSER He goes to the Congress and finds out if there's any threat to our national security. And thinking back to the 1960s when I was in the Air Force for five years -- and with the Cold War going on, and the Soviets had 40,000, and we stood them down and we didn't have to have a nuclear confrontation -- I would say that we should go very cautiously. We should back off. We should be talking to Iran right now. We shouldn't be looking for the opportunity to attack them. They are at the present time, according to the AEIA (sic/IAEA), cooperating, and by the end of the year they're supposed to be willing to reveal all that they are doing.

So instead of looking for this scenario where it is inevitable that we have to attack, I think we ought to be talking about how do you get along with some people that are deadly like the Soviets and the Chinese and the many others. We don't have to resort to war every single time there's a confrontation.

MODERATOR Congressman --

LOSER They are not a threat to Israel. Israel has 200 or 300 nuclear missiles, and they can take care of themselves. So you shouldn't assume that we have to jump --

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

LOSER -- in and go to war --

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER -- and certainly shouldn't do it without the consent of the Congress.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir. Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

Congressman Tancredo, let us add to this mix of circumstances --

MODERATOR I'm sorry?

MODERATOR Let's add to this mix of circumstances a statement from Israel that says that we can't wait; if you don't act, we're going to.

What do you do?

MODERATOR Well, the scenario you have laid out is not one of course that leaves you many options, leaves the president of the United States of anybody else many options. You have to actually look at -- the use, I think -- one of the most important things we can do with Iran is to look at the Iranian people themselves to the extent that we can. There are -- there is a great deal of dissent inside Iran, and I agree. We certainly don't immediately, you know, use the button. We immediately don't go to war.

But I also tell you that we cannot back way from the situation, and we cannot be threatened in that way. If it takes it, if it takes it, action must be -- I mean, if it's required, action has to be taken, and a president has to do that. We can no longer -- I -- I -- you know, one of the things that has really bothered me during this whole discussion is the fact that we are -- we continue to be politically correct when we face these situations.

Political correctness is going to get us all killed. (Applause.) It is absolutely the thing we have to fear. And just this -- and if I could for just a minute, listen. It is already the thing that has gotten us killed in other places. We will -- I will never however go to war, under any circumstances, by putting men and women of the armed forces in places of danger with their hands tied behind them with rules of engagement that they cannot live by.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, sir.

MODERATOR That's never going to happen. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Congressman Hunter.

 HUNTER Yeah, well I hate to answer a hypothetical, and I think you don't want a president who's going to answer this question in 60 seconds, but here's a few considerations.

First, you have the need to use precision systems, precision, very accurate weapons, some of them with earth-penetrating capability. You need to be able to isolate, if you have to strike. And if you get close to a 90 percent refinement of weapons-grade fuel, uranium, at that point, the danger is if you don't eliminate it then it could be passed to a terrorist group or to another nation, which at some point might make a nuclear device.

So you have to isolate -- the reaction force would be coming obviously from the Iraqi side, and you would look probably at the pattern of what the Israelis did with the Osirak reactor that Saddam Hussein built back in the 1980s, when eight F-16s came over the horizon and took care of that problem. I would say this You can't allow them to have a nuclear device. You would have to obviously work very closely with all allies -- not just the Israelis, but hopefully have help from Europe -- (bell rings) -- help from the Brits, help from the Aussies. And my answer would be that you would have to ensure that they had no nuclear device in the end of the operation --

MODERATOR Thank you.

 HUNTER -- and had no material, no weapons-grade material at the end.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, your thoughts on this.

 HUNTER And that would ultimately require some ground forces to do a battle-damage assessment after a strike.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. (Applause.)

Governor?

LOSER The problem with the question is it's as hypothetical and it's a very detailed question. And I appreciate that you've given it to us, but the reality is when a president is --

MODERATOR Wait a minute. Would you not acknowledge it's not an unrealistic scenario based on what we've seen, though?

LOSER What I'm saying is when a president is elected president, he's elected president to make decisions that are going to be basically balanced between two immovable things that ought to govern every decision he makes. One is the Constitution that he's sworn to uphold, and the other is his own conscience and character.

And that's what people really ask for in a president, because you don't know all the scenario that may be painted, whether it's this one or some other. And at that point you hopefully have not only surrounded yourself with very, very wise people, but you've also come to the conclusion that you don't know everything, and you get on your knees, and then you get on your feet and you make decision knowing full well the responsibility for the rest of the human race may in fact be on your shoulders.

That's why, rather than just say, "Here's what button I would push," I'd say I would go with every bit of preparation, not only in my head but in my heart, to make a decision that would best protect the American people for generations to come.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback? (Applause.)

MODERATOR I think the -- the problem with your question and scenario is it's a -- an all too likely scenario. What you're describing is much of the situation that we're facing today.

And you have to also recognize that the founder of the current Iranian regime, Ayatollah Khomeini, said, "If we destroy Israel, Allah will reward us." That was his stated policy. That's something that he stated.

I think you have to take the factual setting of what you've put forward, take it to the American public and to the Congress, and ask for the authority to use military force for two purposes number-one purpose is to go after the military forces being developed on the ground and trained on the ground in Iran to attack our people in Iraq; and number two, towards the nuclear weapons development program that the Iranians are working on.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER Well, I think that we have to look Iran really in a different way than just a Cold War analysis. It's a different situation. Iran is right now the single biggest state sponsor of Islamic terrorism. I think everyone agrees on that. So the real risk, to me, is not their launching an attack, which they could do, and that's a plausible scenario. The more realistic one is, they're going to hand nuclear material off to the terrorists that they are presently supplying. It's not as if they're going to have go find them to give it to. They're giving them weapons right now. They're giving them armaments right now. They're giving them money right now.

So America has to have a clear position. The position should be that Iran is not going to be allowed to go nuclear.

Senator McCain put it very well two months ago. He said it would be very, very dangerous to take military action against Iran, but it would be even more dangerous if Iran were a nuclear power, and I think a president has to make that very clear. And exactly when you would act and how you would act -- it would be foolish for anyone running for president to answer a hypothetical like that. I mean, one, it's an element of surprise; you want the other side to understand that there's a step beyond which you will not go.

Ronald Reagan won the Cold War -- (bell) -- without firing a shot, but it was -- it was because he pointed like a thousand missiles at Soviet cities.

MODERATOR Right. Thank you.

LOSER And he negotiated with them. (Laughter, applause.) I heard this confusion in the Democratic debate about when to talk and when not to talk -- well, he talked to them with a thousand missiles pointed directly at their cities.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, your thoughts. (Cheers, applause.)

LOSER Well, clearly your hypothetical suggests that everything we've done up until this point and beyond didn't work, and there's a lot we can do to keep that scenario from occurring. But assuming that that has not worked and we've been unsuccessful and your hypothetical is real and it is all too possible, you're dealing with a nation that talks about genocide, it talks about Israel being a one- bomb state, and it is unacceptable for a nation that talks about genocide and contemplates using nuclear weaponry to have nuclear weapons. And as a result, we're going to have to do something else to persuade them not to go forward.

What do you do next before you actually take up the military action? What you do in action is this. The president meets with leaders, Republican and Democrat, to make sure we're on the same page. We want to make sure that Democrats sign up, that we're all part of this on a unified basis.

Number two --

MODERATOR What if they don't?

LOSER -- number two -- well, my experience is being able to build consensus, and I'm not going to take that. I believe good Democrats love America just like good Republicans, and I'll find a way to get us to work together.

Number two, you meet with our allies around the world and make sure we're on the same page on this.

Number three, you work with the people on Arabian Peninsula, and you say to them we want you to put some pressure on people like China, like Saudi Arabia. They depend on your oil. We want you to put pressure on China to also be part of it. Now we take the military option off the table. We hold in our hand -- when they see our military option in our hand, a possible blockade or possible aerial strikes, they recognize we mean business, and that's going to -- that's going to make them think twice and hopefully abandon their folly because it is unacceptable to the world for us to have a nuclear Iran. And there's no price of oil which would justify that outcome. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. Senator McCain, you have the last word here, sir.

WINNER At the end of the day, we cannot allow Iran to have nuclear weapons. Now I believe that we can do a lot of things. We can have a league of democracies to impose sanctions and to cut off the -- many of the things and benefits that the Iranians are now getting from other democracies. I think it's clear that the United Nations Security Council will not act effectively with Russia and China behaving as they are.

But let's see what Iran has been doing. Your hypothetical is closer to reality than many of us appreciate. The Iranians are sending lethal IEDs that are killing American soldiers. They're training and equipping terrorists. They have dedicated themselves to the destruction of the state of Israel. They are arming Hezbollah. They are supporting Syria, and there's no doubt they're moving forward with the acquisition of a nuclear weapon. We need to work together with our allies, but at the end of the day, it's the United States of America that will make the final decision.

On January of 2000 -- of 1981, Ronald Reagan came to power and raised his hand as president of the United States of America. By more than coincidence the Iranian hostages returned on that same day. I would employ some of his methods. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator McCain, and thank all of you. That is it for us tonight. (Continued applause.) And our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of New Hampshire, and also to all the great people here at the University of New Hampshire. (Applause.)

Candidates, please note our next debate is in Orlando, Florida, Sunday, October 21st. We will see you there. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATORS George Stephanopoulos (ABC-News)
David Yepsen (Des Moines Register)

MODERATOR Our goal today is to get a real debate going among all of you, to find out where you stand on the issues, but also to figure out the real differences that separate you. And in that spirit, here in Iowa you've already been going at each other, somewhat beneath the radar screen, on the issue of abortion.

Senator Brownback, your campaign has been making phone calls to Iowa voters about Mitt Romney, and I want to show it for our viewers. It's called an urgent action alert.

MODERATOR Mitt Romney is telling Iowans that he is firmly pro-life. Nothing could be further from the truth. As late as 2005, Mitt Romney pledged to support and uphold pro-abortion policies and pass taxpayer funding of abortions in Massachusetts.

His wife, Ann, has contributed money to Planned Parenthood. Mitt told the National Abortion Rights Action League that, "You need someone like me in Washington."

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, do you stand by that attack?

MODERATOR I certainly do. There's one word that describes that ad, and it's "truthful." That's a truthful ad. And that's what campaigns are about, too, George, is for as far as getting the truth out, expressing the differences between candidates.

These are good people that are up on this stage.

That's a truthful ad. I am pro-life.

I think this is a core issue for our party. I think it's a big issue for our country. I'm pro-life and I'm whole life. I think that all life at all stages is sacred and it's beautiful. I think it's something we ought to fight for, it's what this party has stood for, it's what we should stand for.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, everything in that ad true?

LOSER Virtually nothing in that ad is true.

MODERATOR What's wrong with it?

LOSER The single word I'd use would be "desperate" or perhaps "negative." Frankly...

MODERATOR But before we move on, you said it's not true. We have it up on the screen. What is untrue?

LOSER I am pro-life. That's the truth. And several years ago, when we faced the issue of cloning of embryos in our state, I wrote an op-ed piece in the Boston Globe and said I'm pro-life.

LOSER And every action I've taken as governor of Massachusetts has been pro-life. This is a very difficult decision. We're involved in the lives of two people a mom and an unborn child. And yet I've come down on the side of saying I'm in favor of life.

MODERATOR But are any of the specificany of the specific charges there untrue?

LOSER The Massachusetts Citizens for Life just several months ago brought me in and gave me an award for my public leadership on the basis of being pro-life. So the best way you can learn about someone is not by asking their opponent, but ask them, "What do you believe, and what's your view?" And I am pro-life. And virtually every part of that ad is inaccurate. I'm pro-life. My positions are pro-life. The idea that, for instance, I've been in favor of taxpayer funding of abortion; that's wrong. I oppose taxpayer funding of abortion. In our state we passed a medical plan that reduces the number of people who received state funding for abortion. So the ad is just completely wrong.

MODERATOR George, if I could, there'syou can go up on YouTube and see the governor himself and speaking himself...

LOSER Ah, that's theconsider the source.

MODERATOR ... about where he is on this position, and in 1994 say, "I'm governor..."

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Look, look. I was pro-choice. I am pro-life. And I'm tired of a...

MODERATOR And it is a truthful position. Every piece of that is truthful. You can got to YouTube and look for the governor, what he says himself.

MODERATOR Governor RomneyGovernor Romney...

LOSER You can go back to YouTube and look at what I said in 1994. I never said I was pro-choice, but my position was effectively pro-choice. I've said that time and time again. I changed my position. When I was governor and when I faced an issue of a life or death, when the first time a bill came to my desk that related to the life of an unborn child, I came down on the side of life.

LOSER And I put that in The Boston Globe and explained why. And I get tired of people that are holier than thou because they've been pro-life longer than I have.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you've also been drawing...

LOSER But I'm proud of the fact.



MODERATOR You have also been drawing contrasts with Mayor Giuliani during this campaign. I want to show our viewers something you said about Mayor Giuliani on the Christian Broadcasting Network this spring.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

LOSER He is pro-choice and pro-gay marriage and anti-gun, and that's a tough combination in a Republican primary. (END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Do you stand by that? And what is it that you fear a President Giuliani would do on those issues?

LOSER I think Rudy Giuliani is a terrific American and a wonderful mayor. That was very early in the process. I think I've got a better view...

MODERATOR In March.

LOSER Yes, it was in March. He wasn't a candidate yet. I think I have a better perspective on his views nownot entirely, but a pretty good view on his positions. And I'd rather let him speak for him, his own positions, than me speak for them. And I've done by best to let other candidates speak about their own positions.

So I'm not going to try and elaborate on his positions. I can tell you that I am pro-life and that I'm opposed to same-sex marriage, and I support the Second Amendment. Those are my views. Why don't we let each of us describe our own views, as opposed to taking time to describe those of our colleagues?

MODERATOR Was that accurate what Governor Romney said?

LOSER Somehow, I knew you were going to ask me the question about this.



The reality is that I support the Second Amendment, as Governor Romney says.

I clearly believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman, although I did support domestic partnerships and still do, a contractual relationship.

And I believe the best way we can have common ground in this debate that you're hearing is if we put our emphasis on reducing abortions and increasing the number of adoptions, which is something that I did as mayor of New York City.

LOSER But I think ultimately that decision that has to be made is one that government shouldn't make. Ultimately, a woman should make that with her conscience and ultimately with her doctor.



MODERATOR Governor Thompson, let me bring you in here, because Michael Gerson, President Bush's former speechwriter, now a columnist for The Washington Post, wrote a column about Mayor Giuliani a few weeks ago, where he said one of the consequencesbecause of the mayor's pro-life positionof a Giuliani victory would be to place the Republican nominee in direct conflict with the Roman Catholic Church.

How big a problem is that?

LOSER I think it's a problem. I think it's a problem not only for the Roman Catholic Church, but it's a problem with the Constitution and the platform of the Republican Party.

Every year the Republican Party, both at the state level in Iowa, nationally, are parties that come out very avidly and passionately on being pro-life. And I think any candidate that's pro-choice is going to have a difficulty with the party faithful and those individuals that have come to this district and the state and national meetings and have avowed time and time again that this party, the Republican Party, is a party of pro-life.

So anybody that's not pro-life is going to have difficulties. That's the question.

Beyond that, however, I think you've got to look beyond just one issue. And the issue that really concerns me, of course, is the health issues of America.

And we get tied up in one particular issue and we really don't go to some of the major issues that are affecting Americanot that pro-life isn'tbut we have to get downand this debate should be about the major issues affecting the voters of Iowa and nationally, instead of trying to choose one person against another on this campaign.

LOSER Every single one of us up here have got issues, positions, and every single one of us believe very strongly of those. And I think that speaks highly of the Republican Party.

MODERATOR You bring up an important point, and let me bring this to Senator McCain. Because some people have made the argument...



MODERATOR ... some people have made the argument that in this election especially, that Mayor Giuliani would be absolutely the strongest candidate, in part because of his pro-choice positions, but even more than that, in the general election, the most important issue is going to be national security, and an issue like abortion should be de-emphasized.

Do you agree with that?

WINNER I think the respect and commitment to the rights of the unborn is something I've fought for, and it has a lot to do with national security. Because it depends onit says very much what kind of a country we are and our respect for human life, whether it be here in the United States or whether it be in China or Bangladesh or the Congo or anyplace else in the world. So I think it is connected. But I also firmly believe that the challenge of the 21st century is the struggle against radical Islamic extremism. It is a transcendent issue. It is hydra-headed. It will be with us for the rest of the century.

I have served my nation and my country and the people of this country for all of my adult life. I am the most prepared. I have been involved in these issues. I have served this nation in the military and in the Congress, and I'm the best prepared and equipped and need no on-the-job training to meet that challenge.

MODERATOR You have also addressed the issue of Iraq, probably more as much as, if not more than any other candidate.

MODERATOR And I want to turn to that as well. Because we did a poll of Iowa voters, as you saw. And we asked the voters there for questions.

We got more questions on Iraq and the war than any other single subject. Here was one of them.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

QUESTION Hi. I'm Jill Husker (ph) from Grinnell, Iowa. My question is, if you were president, what would be your strategy for ending the war in Iraq?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, what would it be?

LOSER Just come home. We just marched in. We can just come back.



We went in there illegally. We did not declare war. It's lasting way too long. We didn't declare war in Korea or Vietnam. The wars were never really ended. We lose those wars. We're losing this one. We shouldn't be there. We ought to just come home.



The number one reason it's in our national self-interest and for our national security, think of our defenses now, how rundown they are. What is the morale of our military today when they're sent over there for 12 months and then they're kept for another three months? They come home and, with less than a year's rest, they're sent back again. Congress is currently trying to change the rules so we give these men an adequate rest.

This war is not going well because the foreign policy is defective.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?



HUNTER Yes, George, I've been here before. I was here when we stood up to the Russians in Central Europe when they were ringing our allies with SS-20 missiles. We stood up them and we finally brought that wall down.

I was here when we did Central America, when the liberals were raging that we had to get out of Salvador. Today, Salvadoran troops are standing side-by-side with Americans in Iraq.

And let me tell you something I'm tired of. I watched the Democrat debate. I watched them say, as my colleague has said, "Just bring them home. Come home." And it was a race to see who could stampede for the exit the quickest.

And you know something? The Marines in Anbar province, which is almost half of Iraq, have turned that situation around. They brought the communities there on our side, fighting back against Al Qaida. Not a single Democrat...



Not a single Democrat candidate paused in their rush for the exit to say to our Marines, "Good job. You guys are fighting and achieving, with blood, sweat and tears, what this country needs." We've got our best military leadership in Iraq right now. We are standing up the Iraq military, the 129 battalions. When they are stood up, when they're reliable, battle-ready, they rotate onto the battlefield, they displace American heavy combat forces. That's the right way to leave, not a stampede for the exit.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, thank you.

So we've got the poles of this debate Governor Huckabee...



I'll come back to you in a second.

We've got the poles of this debate. Congressman Paul says, "Come home." Congressman Hunter says, "We've got to stay." Is there a middle ground in this debate?

LOSER Certainly there's a middle ground, George. And the middle ground is that we win this war and we do it with honor. We don't just stay indefinitely. We put some pressurejust like we have been the last week, with Secretary Rice and Secretary Gateson the Saudis.

LOSER Look, we've made them rich. Every time somebody in this room goes to the gas pump, you've helped make the Saudi royal family a little wealthier. And the money that has been used against us in terrorism has largely come from the Middle East.

There's two things we've got to do.

Number one, we've got to insist that the people in that neighborhood take a far greater role militarily and financially in solving the problem. It's their neighborhood.

But the second thing we'd do, for our own national security, is end our dependence on foreign oil. And let's not play around and say "30 years," let's get it done. Let's get it done now. And let's make sure that we don't have to depend upon their oil for our future energy needs.

MODERATOR George? George?

LOSER If we can feed ourselves, if we can fuel ourselves, if we can manufacture the weapons to fight for ourselves, we're a free people. If we can't do those three things, we're not free.



MODERATOR I'm going to bring everyone in on this.

Senator Brownback, go ahead.

MODERATOR There's another piece to this as well. And that is, is that you've got the military performing, I think, very well, doing an outstanding job, but the political situation continues to deteriorate on the ground in Iraq. You've got the Iraqi politicians not even meeting now. You've got a weak leadership that's taking place there.

I think the key missing element here is political resolve on the ground. We need a political surge, like Thomas Friedman has written about. We need to put a three-state solution in place, like was in Iraq prior to World War I, where you have a north that's Kurdish, which is right now; a west that's Sunni, which is right now; and a Shia south, with Baghdad as the federal city.

A weak, soft partition that's the piece missing...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR And that isthat is your plan.



MODERATOR Let me bring Senator McCain in on this. Senator Brownback Senator McCain, Senator Brownback talked about the lack of political progress.

It's actually written into the law right now benchmarks that the Iraqi government has to meet. It is also very, very clear that they are not going to meet those benchmarks by the time General Petraeus reports in September.

If they fail to meet these benchmarks which are written into the law, will you still continue to support the surge?

WINNER Of course. They are making progress, and we are winning on the ground. And there are political solutions being arrived at all over Iraq today, not at the national level.

I'm disappointed, of course, that the Maliki government has not done what they need to do. But I'll tell you, it's not only in the national interest of the Iraqis, it's an American national interest. We are winning.

We must win. If we lose, there'll be catastrophic consequences and genocide, and we will be back. This is a seminal moment in American history. We must succeed.

There will be a big debate coming up in September on the floor of the Senate. We will win that debate because the American people understand the consequences of failure.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani...

WINNER Morale is good. Morale is good amongst our military. I can tell you that.

A three-state solutionwe just saw it when the Iraqi people joined together with Iraqi flags celebrating a victory in a soccer match.

We are winning. We must win. And we will not set a date for surrender, as the Democrats want us to do.v

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, is there any difference...



Is there any difference between you and Senator McCain on this issue? Would you also continue to...

LOSER I just noticed the question before, Senator McCain said somethingin four Democratic debates, not a single Democratic candidate said the word "Islamic terrorism." Now, that is taking political correctness to extremes.

LOSER It really is.



The reality is that you do not achieve peace through weakness and appeasement. Weakness and appeasement should not be a policy of the American government. We should seek a victory in Iraq and in Baghdad, and we should define the victory.

And I thought the piece by O'Hanlon and Pollack last week in the New York Times, which, I have to frankly tell you, when I read it in the morning, I read it twice, and I checkedNew York Times? But it was the New York Times. It was.



And it said, "We just might win in Iraq."

Now, why we would want to retreat in the face of at least some empirical evidence that General Petraeus and...

MODERATOR But that's militarythat's military progress. No political progress. You'd continue to support the surge even if there's no political progress.

LOSER The reality is that if we can bring stability to Iraq, and we can give them a chance to develop stability, that's what we should be trying to accomplish. This is part of an overall terrorist war against the United States. And that's why I noted Senator McCain's statement about Islamic extreme terrorism. This is part of an overall war against us by the terrorists. It's a battle in that war. America should win that battle. And winning that battle is to have an Iraq that helps us against the Islamic terrorists.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, are you, Mayor Giuliani and Senator McCain all in the same place right now on Iraq?

LOSER I think we're pretty much in the same place. It is critical for us to win this conflict. It is essential, and that's why we're going to continue to pursue this effort. And we're going to get a report from General Petraeus on the success. And I agree the Brookings Institution report over the weekend was a very encouraging indication that we're making progress. That's great news. At the same time, you look at that Democratic debate, I had to laugh at what I saw Barack Obama do. I mean, in one week he went from saying he's going to sit down, you know, for tea, with our enemies, but then he's going to bomb our allies. I mean, he's gone from Jane Fonda to Dr. Strangelove in one week.



MODERATOR We're going to get to that. We're going to get to that in a little bit.



LOSER Let me continue. Hold on. I had more time, let me continue. I want to make one other point.

LOSER And that is, while we are waking up here in the United States and thinking about our barbecue in the afternoon and what's on TV, what baseball game is on, there are lot of families in this country, hundreds of thousands of people, who are waking up wondering whether their loved one is still alive. We have families who made a huge surge of sacrifice to support this surge. And it's time, in my view, for the people of America to show a surge of support, including our leaders in Washington, for these families and for the troops. Let's get behind them and give them everything we have our prayers, our encouragement, our funds, anything to make sure this surge is successful because it counts for America.



(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR I'm looking at you right now. Do you differ at all from Mayor Giuliani, Governor Romney or Senator McCain? Then Senator Thompson and Ron Paul get the last word on this round. Go ahead, Congressman Tancredo.

MODERATOR There are a number of things, of course, with regard to Iraq that I think we have found some common ground on, but the reality is this that it is absolutely true I think that we are in a war with radical Islam. That is the war. A battle is being fought in Iraq. Now, can we win the military battle on the ground? Yes, we can. Our guys are the best in the world, and the people that are serving there cannot be faulted in any way. One of the things, however, that I must say I am concerned about are the rules of engagement, that apparently are restricting the ability of our people to do their job and to protect themselves. No one should ever go into harm's way, no president should ever send anyone in this military into harm's way and keep one arm tied behind them. These rules of engagement have got to be reviewed, and no president should ever pursue them in this wan, or let people go into battle and be actually at risk.

MODERATOR I unveiled a statue for a guy by the name of Danny Dietz in my district, a Navy SEAL. Danny Dietz is dead because the rules of engagement did not allow them to do what they needed to do over there. That is unacceptable. In the broader picture, of course, you are absolutely right. We have to do something about the fact that there is no political or economic solution being developed by the Iraqis. And you have to push them into it. America cannot be the police force in Iraq. It cannot remove itself entirely from Iraq, but Iraq has got to take control of Iraq.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, and then Congressman Paul, you get the last word.



LOSER Thank you very much. I've laid out a whole plan to really win the peace in Iraq. I've laid out a plan that we have to defend and give all our resources and every single tool possible to our fighting men and women. I have been with them, like a lot of the people up here have, and they're the finest young men and women we'll ever have in our military. But beyond that, it is not fair to America and to Americans to shoulder all of the burden. To pay for a war that's costing us $10 billion a monthand we're not funding, we're just passing on to our children and grandchildrennot requiring the Iraqi government to stand up and vote, that's a failure of Congress and the president of the United States. Because they do need to demand that that government makes a political statement, and help pay for that war, and help fight to win that war. Secondly, I differ with Senator Brownback. They can't even decide in parliament in Iraq whether or not they're going to be able to take a month or six weeks off for summer.

LOSER How will they ever decide three particular divisions? They've already got that country divided into 18 states that have been there since 1921. And if, in fact, you're going to elect people, why don't you a elect state leader, like you do in Iowa, like we do in Wisconsin, all over America? And those individual governments will be Shiite, Sunnis and Kurds. And it will stop the civil war. And split the oil revenue between the federal government, the state governments, and every man and woman and child, like we do in Alaska, and give those individuals the opportunity to build their country. That will make a stable Iraq. (inaudible)



MODERATOR Congressman Paul, you get the last word on this round.

LOSER I, of course, opposed the war a long time before it started. The neoconservatives promoted this war many, many years before it was started. It had nothing to do with Al Qaida. There was no Al Qaida in Iraq. There were no weapons of mass destruction. Just think of the weapons the Soviets had in the '60s and the '70s. And we did not have to go to nuclear war with them. There's no reason to go to war against these men in these Third World nations. At the same time, those individuals who have predicted these disastrous things to happen if we leave Iraq are the same ones who said, "As soon as we go in, it will just be duck soup, it'll be over in three months and it won't cost us anything because the oil will pay for it."



WINNER Have you forgotten about 9/11?

LOSER And at the same time...

WINNER Have you forgotten about...

LOSER Just a momentat the same time, the individuals who predicted the disaster, of course, the domino theory, in VietnamI was called to duty. I accepted that duty in the '60s. I served five years in the military. When we left there, it was tough, yes. But now we trade with Vietnam. We talk to them. The president's come to this country. We go back and forth. We invest in that country. We can achieve much more in peace than we can ever achieve in these needless, unconstitutional, undeclared wars.



MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER Let me just say, George, all of us feel frustration, sometimes anger and sorrow over what's happened in this war.

WINNER It was very badly mismanaged for nearly the first four years. I was one of the greatest critics. We do now have a strategy that is succeeding. We do have a military whose morale is up because they see this success. This has consequences far beyond Iraq, throughout the entire region. Look at the behavior of the Iranians, the Syria, the uneasiness of our so-called allies of the region. This is an historic moment in history. And I'm going to be judged by history, not by public opinion polls. And I believe that we can and must prevail, and we've got the strategy and the general that can do it. Give us some time for it to succeed.



MODERATOR I want to move on now to domestic issues. Health care, one of the number-one domestic issues we heard about in our poll. You hear about it every day out on the campaign trail. This week, the Senate debating whether or not to expand health insurance to children in the United States. And for this, I'm want to turn to the question from David Yepsen.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, Senator Grassley helped fashion a compromise plan to cover 3.2 million more children by raising the cigarette taxpoor children. President Bush has threatened to veto. Who do you side with, President Bush or Senator Grassley?

LOSER I think I'd like to side with the people of America who really are looking for a lot better action than they're getting out of their president or Congress. You know, if you want to know how to fix it, I've got a solution. Either give every American the same kind of health care that Congress has, or make Congress have the same kind of health care that every American has.

 They'll get it fixed. And the issue in this country is that we really have an incredible problem because our system is upside-down. It focuses on intervention at the catastrophic level of disease rather than really focusing on prevention. So we've got a system that, no matter how much money we pour into it, we're not going to fix it.

LOSER We're not going to fix it until we begin to address the fact that this country has put its focus not on wellness, not on prevention, not on health, but on sickness. And that's the single most important and urgent thing that has to be done. And if we don't do that, then we're going to continue just pouring moneyand it's almost like having a boat that's taking on water, and rather than plugging the hole, we want to get a bigger bucket to take the water out of the boat.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, same question to you. Who do you side with in that dispute, the president or Iowa's senior senator?

LOSER David, I want you to know that health care is one of my major dominant fields. I was secretary of health. Neither one of them are right. The problem is, is Governor Huckabee is absolutely correct. We've got a sickness, illness and disease society. We spend 90 percent of $2 trillion, ladies and gentlementhat's 16 percent of the gross national producton getting people well after they get sick. Less than 10 percent of the money keeping you out of the hospital, out of the nursing home. Does anybody in America think that's a smart idea? I think it's dumb. Let's go to wellness and prevention. Number two, let's start managing diseases in America. Let's make sure that individuals that are chronically ill and physically disabled are able to get the quality of health and therefore get the quality of life. They take up 66 percent of the cost. You could reduce that down to 50 percent.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo...

LOSER Number threeI just would like to sayon the uninsured, you could get one form, like we do on the 1040 for taxes, one form for the employment system, and you could save $137 billion. That would cover all of the uninsured in America without raising taxes, ladies and gentlemen.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, how do you cover this (ph)?



MODERATOR Let me suggestlet me suggest we think about something in the area of health care that perhaps is unique, different and scary to some people, but that is this The governmentit's not the responsibility of the federal government to provide womb-to-tomb health care for America.

 And so, we constantly debate on exactly what way we want to push government control of this issue, but in every way we're doing it, it's unhealthy. It is unhealthy to have a government health-care plan in America. There are some things we can do, absolutely. The expansion of health savings accounts that increases individual responsibly. The allowing for people to actually takethe reimportation of prescription drugs. And not only that, but let's do something about the 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in this country that are taking a large part of our health-care dollars.



MODERATOR Gentlemen, I want to give this back to David Yepsen in a second, but I just want to clear something up first. Congressman Tancredo, I know you voted against the expansion of the children's health insurance this week.

MODERATOR You bet I did.

MODERATOR This is just yes or no, GovernorLOSER Are you for the expansion or with President Bush on the veto?

LOSER I am for expanding SCHIP, but not the way Congress has done it.

MODERATOR OK, so that's a no. And the same thing for you, Governor Huckabee.

LOSER The problem with it, it actually would bring cuts to the Medicare alternative, which is the worst thing we could do, because it then takes money away from seniors.

MODERATOR Now, I also...

LOSER So, again, it's just not a good solution...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Now, again, I also know that, Congressman Paul and Congressman Hunter and Senator Brownback and Senator McCain, you all voted against expansion, as well. So the only two gentlemen left here are Governor Romney and Mayor Giuliani. Are either one of you for the expansion of children's health insurance, as outlined by Senator Grassley?

LOSER Look, it's critical to insure more people in this country. It doesn't make sense to have 45 million people without insurance. It's not good for them because they don't get good preventative care and disease management, just as these folks have spoken about. But it's not good for the rest of the citizens either, because if people aren't insured, they go to the emergency room for their care when they get very sick. That's expensive. They don't have any insurance to cover it.

LOSER So guess who pays? Everybody else. So it's not good for the people that aren't insured. It's not good for everybody else.

MODERATOR So you're against...

LOSER We have tono, no, let me finish. Green light's on.

MODERATOR OK.



LOSER We have to getno, they just turned it off. Leave it on.



MODERATOR I control it.

LOSER We have to have our citizens insured, and we're not going to do that by tax exemptions, because the people that don't have insurance aren't paying taxes. What you have to do is what we did in Massachusetts. Is it perfect? No. But we say, let's rely on personal responsibility, help people buy their own private insurance, get our citizens insured, not with a government takeover, not with new taxes needed, but instead with a free-market based system that gets all of our citizens in the system. No more free rides. It works.

MODERATOR But a no on the Grassley bill. Mayor Giuliani, go ahead.

LOSER The bill had two very unfortunate parts to it. One, it would reduce Medicaid Advantage, which is a very, very successful program that actually does bring about some form of a free-market solution. And second, it would have the really odd effect of moving children who presently have private insurance to becoming wards of the state, basically having them move in the direction of and I know the Democrats get all upset when you say this, but they're taking us toward socialized medicine. If we want the kind of results they have in England or France or Canada or Cuba, like Michael Moore wants us to do, then we should go in that direction. But that would be a terrible thing to do. What we should do is increase the number of people who have private insurance. In order to do that, we should give them a major tax deduction, $15,000, let them have a health savings account as part of that. They'll have an incentive to own their own health insurance. That's the thing that's wrong with the market here. It is not really good to move this thing in terms of more government control of health care.



MODERATOR But just for the record, everyone is against the expansion as Grassley outlined. Go ahead.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER Yeah. Let's get back to freedom. One thing you can't do right now, if you're an American who has a health insurance plan is you can't buy health insurance across state lines. Now, we've seen studies that have shown that the same coverage that costs 750 bucks a month in Massachusetts, you can buy in Missouri for 170 bucks a month.

HUNTER But you can't buy your health insurance across state lines like Americans buy lots of stuff across state lines. George, you know, I had a senior citizen come into my office one day. She had a $10 wrist brace on. And she said, "I was told not to complain about this, because government is paying for it." She gave me the bill. It was $525. Thatyou're going to see a lot of $525 wrist braces if we passif we continue to pass this SCHIP which really is the first extension of socialized medicine. This is socialized medicine. It's going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.



MODERATOR Senator Brownback, the bill would raise tobacco tax, as you know. How do we pay for health care in this country without raising some additional revenues?

MODERATOR Well, that's why I voted against the bill. But it wasn't just that. The piece of it that I think you have to recognize is that you've got a fundamental decision to make here on health care, which is 16 percent of the economy, going north fast, probably headed to 20 percent of our total economy. Do you think the solution to providing more and better health care is, one, that we should have more government solutions involved, or should there be more market-based solutions involved? And I think clearly the answer here is you need more market forces in health care. That's what we need to do.

 Instead, you've got the Democrats doing a step-by-step march toward a socialized one government-pay system. And they're very happy to do it that way. But we can get better health care going this way. And we can hold the price of it down and not bust the federal treasury at the same time. We can get (inaudible).

MODERATOR Well, we didn't get a debate among all of you, but maybe we'll get one with Senator Grassley later, after the debate. (LOSER) Maybe he won't endorse anybody after this.

MODERATOR After this, that's right. I want to move on to something...

LOSER But, George...

MODERATOR Excuse me, Governor Thompson, I want to move on now to something that Governor Romney brought up just a little while ago, and that was the comments earlier this week of Senator Obama, where he talked about going into Pakistan even if President Musharraf didn't agree. Here's what he said. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BARACK OBAMA, D-ILL. It was a terrible mistake to fail to act when we had a chance to take out an Al Qaida leadership meeting in 2005. If we have actionable intelligence about high-value terrorist targets, and President Musharraf will not act, we will. (END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you said you didn't agree with Obama's plan and you called it "ill-timed and ill-considered." Mayor Giuliani, on "Charlie Rose" the other night, you said, "I would take that option." Why don't you guys take two minutes and debate this issue out?

LOSER Well, I believe that is an option that should remain open. I believe the senator didn't express it the right way. I think the senator, if he could just say it over again, might want to say that we would encourage Musharraf to allow us to do it if we thought he couldn't accomplish it. But the reality is, America cannot take...

MODERATOR But if he said no, you'd go in.

LOSER I didn't say I would go in. I said I wouldn't take the option off the table.

MODERATOR No, well, you actually said, "I would take that option."

LOSER I said I would keep that option open. In any event...

MODERATOR No, you said, "If we have a chance to catch bin Laden and we've got to do it ourselves because we're not sure if somebody is going to do it correctly, yeah, I think I would take that option."

LOSER Well, I would take that action if I thought there was no other way to crush Al Qaida, no other way to crush the Taliban, and no other way to be able to capture bin Laden. I think Pakistan has, unfortunately, not been making the efforts that they should be making. I think we should encourage them to do it, we should put the pressure on them to do it, and we should seek their permission of we ever had to take action there as we were able to get their permissionUndersecretary or Deputy Secretary Armitage was very effective in getting Musharraf's permission for us to act in Afghanistan and Pakistan in 2001 and 2002.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER Yes, I think Barack Obama is confused as to who are our friends and who are our enemies. In his first year, he wants to meet with Castro and Chavez and Assad, Ahmadinejad. Those are our enemies. Those are the world's worst tyrants. And then he says he wants to unilaterally go in and potentially bomb a nation which is our friend. We've trying to strengthen Musharraf. We're trying to strengthen the foundations of democracy and freedom in that country so that they will be able to reject the extremists. We're working with themwe're working with them...

MODERATOR But if your CIA director called them and said, "We had Osama bin Laden in our sights, Musharraf says no," what do you do?

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER It's wrong for a person running for the president of the United States to get on TV and say, "We're going to go into your country unilaterally." Of course, America always maintains our option to do whatever we think is in the best interests of America. But we don't go out and say, "Ladies and gentlemen of Germany, if ever there was a problem in your country, we didn't think you were doing the right thing, we reserve the right to come in and get them out."

LOSER We don't say those things. We keep our options quiet. We do not go out and say to a nation which is working with us, where we have collaborated and they are our friend and we're trying to support Musharraf and strengthen him and his nation, that instead that we intend to go in there and potentially bring out a unilateral attack. Recognize to win the war on jihad, we have to not only have a strong military of our ownand we need a stronger militarywe also need to have strong friends around the world and help moderate Muslims reject the extreme. Because ultimately the only people who can finally defeat these radical Islamic jihadists are the Muslims themselves.

MODERATOR So what I am hearing is from both you is...



MODERATOR ... what I'm hearing is you keep this option on the table, but it is foolish to talk about it in public. Does anybody disagree with that?

HUNTER Yes, I disagree with it.

(CROSSTALK)

HUNTER George, let me tell you, Barack Obama didn't understand, there are now 100,000 Pakistani troops who have been moved to the border. They have moved two divisions to the border, in fact, one of them out of the high country on the Indian border. You right now have operations that are being taken in cooperation with American forces in Afghanistan. The last thing you do when you are trying to convince your allies all over the world to work with you is when you have one country which has taken 100,000 military personnel and moved them into that placeand we all know what the problem is. The problem is that you have the tribal chiefs in that strip in Pakistan accommodating the Taliban and Al Qaida. When you have a country which is cooperating, you don't tell them you are going to unilaterally move against them, or you are somehow going to undertake this by yourself.

HUNTER Those mountain ranges in Pakistan are 16,000 feet high. We need the Pakistani army to work that with American support. That's the right way.

MODERATOR I want to stay on this subject.

 I want to stay on this subject but broaden out the conversation a little bit. And the way I want to get into it is with a bit from President Bush's second inaugural address, where he made the spreading of democracy the core of his foreign policy. Here's what he said (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH So it is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture, with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world. (END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, since then, since that speech, there have been free elections in Gaza; they elected Hamas. There have been free elections in Lebanon; they empowered Hezbollah. There have been free elections in Iran; they elected President Ahmadinejad. Has President Bush's policy been a success? And would the spread of democracy be the core of your foreign policy?

LOSER Well, the problem is, George, sometimes when you get what you want, you don't want what you get. And this is a great case of that happening. I don't think it's the job of the United States to export our form of government. It's the job of the United States to protect our citizens, to secure our own borders, which we have failed to do for over 20 years. It's the job of our government to make us free and us safe, and to create an enviable kind of government and system that everybody else will want, much in the same way I think we ended up seeing the fall of the Soviet Union. And as far as how do we get there...

MODERATOR So it wouldn't be the core of your foreign policy?

LOSER Absolutely not, because I don't think we can force people to accept our way of life, our way of government. What we can to is to create the strongest America change our tax system, make it so that people are healthier, create the enviable education system on this planet, make sure that jobs come back to this country rather than disappear from this country.

LOSER And if we do that kind of approach, we'll have the sort of freedom internally, secure borders, a safer nation. That makes a whole lot more sense to me than spending billions and billions and billion of dollars to try to prop up some government we don't even like when we get it. And people in this country are losing their jobs, losing their health insurance, and their kids are sitting with their heads on their desks, sound asleep in school.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER Our responsibility is to spread democracy here, make sure that we have it. This is a philosophic and foreign policy problem, because what the president was saying was just a continuation of Woodrow Wilson's "making the world safe for democracy." There's nothing wrong with spreading our values around the world, but it is wrong to spread it by force. We should spread it by setting an example and going and doing a good job here. Threatening Pakistan and threatening Iran makes no sense whatsoever. We went inand I supported going after the Al Qaida into Afghanistanbut, lo and behold, the neocons took over. They forgot about Osama bin Laden. And what they did, they went into nation-building, not only in Afghanistan, they went unjustifiably over into Iraq. And that's why we're in this mess today.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, both Governor Huckabee...

 ... both Governor Huckabee and Congressman Paul said they would not continue President Bush's policy. Would you?

LOSER George, I think the way you're defining it is incorrect. Democracy is not necessarily immediately going to elections. Democracy is...

MODERATOR Well, that was the way President Bush defined it...

LOSER Well, OK...

MODERATOR ... not me, but go ahead.

LOSER The way I look at it, democracy also requires the rule of law. It requires stability. It requires people not being afraid they're going to be killed every day when they go out on the street. Democracy's only a theory if you're living in an unstable situation. So sometimes, democracy is the long-term goal, but in order to get there, you have to first build a rule of law, you have to first build respect for human rights, you have to first build...

MODERATOR So did we push for elections too quickly in Gaza?

LOSER In some cases, maybe going to elections so quickly is a mistake. Maybe the thing to do is to first make sure that you've developed the bedrock bedrock for democracy. You know, if you're livingI learned this in New York City when I became the mayor. Of course the situation was nowhere near as serious, but people were afraid to go out at night because crime was so rampant. I mean, we had all kinds of civil rights, but nobody could exercise them, because they were too darn afraid to go out, too darn afraid to go to the movies or go buy groceries at the grocery store. First, you have to have a certain quality of life that allows you to be comfortable (inaudible) going to exist, your children are going to go to school, you're going to be able to have a job, and your rights are going to be respected. Then elections start to mean something in the full picture of what a democracy is.

MODERATOR But, Senator McCain, would you follow what Mayor Giuliani is sayingmaybe go a little bit slower on elections, not put the spread of elections quite at the core of your foreign policy?

WINNER We fail to appreciate that elections do not mean democracy, that it is rule of law. And rule of law, by the way, is beginning to take hold in Iraq, just as peaceful and more securemore secure, not totally secure neighborhoods in Baghdad and in Anbar and in other parts, in the Kurdish areas, is beginning to take place, which will then allow true democracy to take place. It's naive to say that we will never use nuclear weapons. It's naive to say we're going to attack Pakistan without thinking it through. What if Musharraf were removed from power? What if a radical Islamic government were to take place because we triggered it with an attack? But the fundamentalby the way, you quoted President Bush. President Kennedy also said at his inauguration that would go anywhere and bear any burden. I believe the reason why we won the Cold War and the reason why we are still a shining city on a hill is because of our advocacy and our dedication to the principles that all of us are created equal and endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights.

WINNER That's all of us, no matter where we live in the world, no matter what our faith or our beliefs are. And I will continue to advocate for freedom and democracy and rights for all human beings.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, will the Bush policy be your policy?

LOSER Just as these other two gentlemen have said, democracy is not defined by a vote. There have to be the underpinnings of democracy education, health care, people recognizing they live in a place that has the rule of law. And that's why our effort to spread democracy should continue, not to just spread votes, but instead to encourage other people in the world to have the benefits that we enjoy and to welcome democracy. As Tony Blair said, ours should be a campaign of values, encouraging other nations to see what we have and want those things for themselves. And there's no question in this country, we need to reach out, not just with our military mightalthough that we have, and should keep it strongbut also reach out with our other great capabilities. There...

MODERATOR But did President Bush fail to appreciate the nuance you're talking about now? That's what I'm asking.

LOSER I don't know what Presidentall the things President Bush has done, but I can tell you, I'm not a carbon copy of President Bush. And there are things I would do that would be done differently. I think when there's a country like Lebanon, for instance, that becomes a democracy, that instead of standing by and seeing how they do, we should have been working with the government there to assure that they have the rule of law, that they have agricultural and economic policies that work for them, that they have schools that are not Wahhabi schools, that we try and make sure they have good health care. We bring together not just America, but all the nations of the civilized world. We help draw these folks toward modernity, as opposed to having them turn toward the violence and the extreme, which Hezbollah and Hamas brought forward. And that kind of a campaign of values, combined with our strong arms, speaking softly but carrying a strong stick, as Teddy Roosevelt said, that will help move the world to a safer place.

LOSER We'd love it if we could all just come home and not worry about the rest of the world, as Ron Paul says. But the problem is, they attacked us on 9/11. We were here; they attacked us. We want to help move the world of Islam toward modernity so they can reject the extreme...

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, your answer on this this week was...

You said that, in order to deter an attack by Islamic terrorists using nuclear weapons, you would threaten to bomb Mecca and Medina. The State Department called that "reprehensible" and "absolutely crazy."

MODERATOR Yes, the State Departmentboy, when they start complaining about things I say, I feel a lot better about the things I say, I'll tell you right now.



My task as president of the United States is primarily to do one thingby the way, not to make sure everybody has health care or everybody's child is educatedmy task is to do one thing to protect and defend this country. And that means to deterand I want to underline "deter"any kind of aggression, especially the type we are threatened with by Al Qaida, which is nuclear attack. I read the national intelligence estimate. I see what they are planning. And I'm telling you right now that anybody that would suggest that we should take anything like this off the table in order to deter that kind of event in the United States isn't fit to be president of the United States.


MODERATOR Governor Thompson, you get the last word on this round. PAUL (?) No, I needI haven't spoken on...

LOSER I would like to...

LOSER ... to speak on this.

LOSER Thank you very much, George. I sincerely believe that bombing religious artifacts and religious holy sites would do nothing but unify 1 billion Muslims against us. It makes no sense.

MODERATOR After we take a hit?

LOSER I would like to say you have to strengthen your military. What we (inaudible) as Americans, we have to be so politically correct in this country. When we have democracies in South America that are supporting us, we sort of ignore them, until somebody elects a guy like Chavez who hates us. Then we wake up and say something about it.

LOSER I think we've got to strengthen our military and we've got to recognize in this world right now we are fighting a holy war. It's a jihad. And until we recognize that and stand up to be Americans and for America, we're going to continue to lose...

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, then we're out of this.

MODERATOR Thank you. George, I think you're seeing clearly from the discussion here and this week that words of a president matter. When Ronald Reagan says, "Mr. Gorbachev, bring down this wall," that mattered. When he called the Soviet Union an evil empire, that mattered. Words of our leader matter, and you have to matter within the context of where we are. We are in a generational conflict with militant Islamists. That's where we are. We are at war. We're a nation at war. I think we have to be very realistic about this war. We have a number of allies in the Islamic world. We have a number of allies around the world. It is something important what we say and the direction we go. I think we push democracy, but I think we have to be realistic in the places that we push and at the time we push it. You push democracy in Pakistan or Egypt right now, you're going to get a radicalized government in Pakistan, a radicalized government in Egypt and you're going to have a nuclear-weaponed, radical government in Pakistan.

MODERATOR OK, that wraps up discussion.

MODERATOR That's why we have to be realistic...

MODERATOR Thank you very much, but I do want to move on to another issue that was in...

... that was in the news this week. Of course, the collapse of that bridge up in Minneapolis on 35 West, brought a lot of attention to our nation's infrastructure. And with that, let me turn back to David Yepsen.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, is it time we raise the federal gas tax to start fixing up our nation's bridges and roads?

LOSER Well, I think the obvious answer is, it's not necessarily that we raise a tax to fix what we ought to fix of this country. We're spending billions of dollars all over our country and around the world, but it may be time that we start spending some of those billions of dollars to deal with our own infrastructure. And the bridge isn't the only problem. Anybody who's flown latelyas I do pretty regularly in the commercial systemknow that we have a complete gridlock.

LOSER And part of that problem is we've got a system of air traffic control that was designed in 1950, five years before I was born. We've got better navigation systems in our rental cars than we have running the airline industry today. And so, yes, we need to address it. It's not being talked about. And it's our bridges, our interstates, our sewer and water treatment systems. They're crumbling. They're old. We saw an 85-year-old steam pipe explode in the middle of Manhattan recently. And we have to start addressing building this country, not everybody else's.



MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, how do you answerin Minnesota, Governor Pawlenty, who vetoed an increase in his state gas tax said now he may consider one. Is this Republican dogma against taxes now precluding the ability of you and your party to come up with the revenues that the country needs to fix its bridges?

LOSER David, there's an assumption in your question that is not necessarily correct, sort of the Democratic, liberal assumption "I need money; I raise taxes."

MODERATOR Then what are you going to cut, sir?

LOSER But wait, wait, wait. Let me explain it.

MODERATOR What do you cut?

LOSER The way to do it sometimes is to reduce taxes and raise more money. For example...

 ... I ran the cityI ran a city with 759 bridges; probably the most used bridges in the nation, some of the most used in the world. I was able to acquire more money to fund capital programs. I reduced the number of poor bridges from 5 percent to 1.7 percent. I was able to raise more money to fix those bridges by lowering taxes. I lowered income taxes by 25 percent. I was collecting 40 percent more from the lower income tax than from the higher income tax. Or, I'll give you another example. Senator Edwards last week recommended increasing the capital gains tax from 15 percent to 28 percent because he wants more money.

LOSER Now, Senator Edwards hasn't had much executive experience because the reality is the last timethe last time we raised the capital gains tax, and you can go back and check it, from 20 to 28 percent, we lost $45 billion. There is a liberal Democratic assumption that if you raise taxes, you raise money. We should put more money into infrastructure. We should have a good program for doing it. But the kneejerk liberal Democratic reactionraise taxes to get moneyvery often is a very big mistake.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, do you want to cut taxes to fix more bridges?

LOSER There's no question but that the biggest source of revenue for this countryif you really want to make some money in this country, really get some money so we can repair our infrastructure and build for the future, the biggest source of that is a growing American economy. If the economy is growing slowly, when tax revenues hardly move at all, and, boy, you better raise taxes to get more money for all the things you want to do. But if the economy is growing quickly, then we generate all sorts of new revenue. And the best way to keep the economy rolling is to keep our taxes down. That is why I proposed that middle-income Americans ought to pay no taxes on their savings. Invest in the future of the economy. Growth helps us provide the revenue that we need. Our bridgeslet me tell you what we did in our state. We found that we had 500 bridges, roughly, that were deemed structurally deficient. And so we changed how we focused our money. Instead of spending it to build new projectsthe bridge to nowhere, new trophies for congressmenwe instead said, "Fix it first." We have to reorient how we spend our money.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you have about 30 seconds.

WINNER We passed a $50 billion transportation bill that had $2 billion in pork barrel earmarked projects $233 million for a bridge to nowhere in Alaska, to an island with 50 people on it. Not one dime in those pork barrel projects was for inspection or repair of bridges.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you got 10 seconds.

WINNER They were for pork barrel projects. I'll veto every single bill that comes across my desk and make the authors of those pork barrel projects...

MODERATOR And that is the last word. We're going to go to commercial. We'll be back in just a couple of minutes.

 (COMMERCIAL BREAK)

MODERATOR And we are back now for the final half hour of the Republican debate here in Iowa.

MODERATOR And we want to start out this half hour with a question that came in over the Internet. His name is Sean Kennedy (ph). He's from Leesburg, Virginia. And he had a question about Vice President Cheney. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEAN KENNEDY (ph) During the Bush administration, there's been a growing controversy over the role of the office of the vice president. As a candidate for president, what authority would you delegate to the office of vice president? And should those authorities be more clearly defined through a constitutional amendment? (END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER Having been considered for that post several times, I've thought a lot about that.

 The vice president really only has two duties. One is to cast a tie-breaking vote in the case of a tied vote in the Senate. And the other is to inquire daily as to the health of the president.



 I really would do what some presidents have done in the past. A vice president brings a certain area of expertise and talent. I would probably assign some of those areas, like telecommunications or some other important issues. But...

MODERATOR So not as wide-ranging as Vice President Cheney had?

WINNER Look, I would be very careful that everybody understood that there's only one president.



MODERATOR Governor Thompson, you served in the Cabinet with Vice President Cheney. Do youand I heard in the implication in Senator McCain's answer theredo you think that Vice President Cheney has too much power?

LOSER I believe that Vice President Cheney is criticized for a lot of things that he doesn't do.

 And I believe that Dick Cheney is an honorable individual. And I think the president of the United States depends a great deal upon him. But I would like to also quickly point out, since I'm not going to get a chance, is that I don't want to leave this audienceyou know, when you said that nobody supports Senator Grassley's SCHIP program, to have the pressbecause I know how the press actsthat the press will come back, "All Republicans are against poor children and health care for them." That is not what we said.



MODERATOR That's not what I said either, but go ahead.



LOSER We said that what we want to do is we want to change SCHIP on a competitive model, against the Democrats...

MODERATOR But you're not with Senator Grassley. And I want to move on and stay on this subject.

LOSER No, but I really want to make that...

MODERATOR OK. I just want to stay on this subject. Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER I think the vice president of the United Statesthat office has to be worked out with the president. And the thing that's clearest about it, now that we're at war and we have this Islamic terrorist war against us and we have this aggressive enemy that's already attacked us here in the United States twice, is that a vice president has to be just as capable, just as ready to take over that office, literally on a moment's notice. And that should be the major qualification. And then it should be in the discretion of the president and the vice president to decide on what kind of responsibilities they should have.

MODERATOR But would you like to have...

LOSER I worked in the Reagan administration...

MODERATOR ... a vice president like Vice President Cheney, with that wide range of responsibility (ph)?

LOSER I thoughtI mean, worked in the Reagan administration. I thought the division of responsibilities between President Reagan and Vice President was a good one. I thought it was a really comfortable one. I mean, I'm real clear on the fact that George W. Bush is the president of the United States.

LOSER He's the only one...

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER ... who makes the decisions. He can use Vice President Cheney the way he sees fit. And I'm comfortable that you select somebody who can step in on a moment's notice with experience, background, knowing what's going on. We can't have a kind of situation like we had in, you know, the 1940s with Harry Truman, where Harry Truman, thank God, turned out to be the kind of president he was, but apparently he didn't even know about the Manhattan Project. You can't have that any longer.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER You let the president decide what the responsibilities of the vice president would be in his administration...

MODERATOR What would you decide?

LOSER Depends on the person, depends on the needs, depends on their capabilities. But I like a person that gives wide viewpoints on a wide array of issues. But let me tell you, it's been very popular lately for people across the country to be critical of the president and the vice president. And I know they make mistakes. But they have kept us safe these last six years. Let's not forget that.



MODERATOR Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR George, I wouldn't delegate things to the vice president. But I would involve the vice president in a lot of things. But I think there's a key point here to look at. One is that Dick Cheney came in with a lot of experience. He came in with a lot of experience on defense, foreign policy issues. And I think the president over-relied on that. I think Dick Cheney has done an admirable job. I think the president's over-relied upon that. I think you need somebody coming into the presidency that's had foreign policy experience, that's worked on these national and global issues, so that they don't have to depend on the vice president as much. I think you should have a highly competent person as vice president that can step in at any time and can provide you high-quality information, reflection, wisdom that's needed in that job, but not somebody that takes over the job.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER I certainly wouldn't support an amendment to change the role of the vice president. But there's no way to know exactly what goes on, but if you take perceptions from Washington, most people there behind the scenes think the vice president is more powerful than the president. Philosophically, I think this is the case. It's obvious that he represents a neoconservative viewpoint. And my objection is that that has been the rejection of the Republican Party platform and traditional conservatism. And I think this is where we have gone astray. We have drifted from our fundamental premises and the conservative values that this party used to get.



MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, you get the last word on this.

HUNTER George, it depends on the credentials of the president. I served in Vietnamdidn't do anything special, but I wore the uniform. I've been the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years. And my son has now done two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. I can look the American people in the eye and say, "We're all in this together." So I would not share the role of commander in chief with a vice president. If you've got other folks that have less background in national security, they're going to need to have a vice president that they rely on much more.

MODERATOR I need to move on now, and the issue is taxes, always important in these caucuses and primaries. And the Iowa Republican Party has said the most important economic reform Congress can enact to win the fight against poverty is the fair tax. For our viewers, I want to explain what the fair tax is. It would eliminate the income tax, estate tax, payroll tax and capital gains tax. It would eliminate all those and replace it with a 23 percent sales tax. That's the fair tax.

 Mr. Yepsen has a question.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, this issue of tax policy, I see it as a real fault line inside your partyfair tax, national sales tax, a flat tax, or make adjustments to the existing tax system.

MODERATOR Where do you come down on this question?

LOSER I absolutely support the fair tax. And part of the reason is, the current system is one that penalizes productivity. A recent poll showed that more Americans fear an audit of the IRS than they do getting mugged. And the reason is, getting mugged isn't as painless as an audit from the IRS.

 And the reality is, if we could have the fair tax, you take $10 trillion parked offshore, bring it home, you rebuild the "made in America" brand, you free up people to earn money, to work, you don't penalize them for taking a second job, you don't penalize them for investing, you don't penalize them for savings. Today, our tax system doesn't need a tap of the hammer, a twist of the screwdriver, it needs a complete overhaul. And what the fair tax does, it ends the underground economy. No more illegals...

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER Let me, if I may. No more illegals, no more gamblers, prostitutes, pimps and dope dealers will be able to escape the tax code.

MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER It's the single great thing that will help this country (inaudible) revitalized economy.



MODERATOR Governor Romney, how do you come down on this question?

LOSER It's good, but it's not that good.

LOSER No, it's actually better than that, Mitt, it's even better than that.



LOSER There are a lot of features that are very attractive about a fair tax. Getting rid of the IRS is something we'd all love. But the truth is, we're going to have to pay taxes. We are the largest economy in the world. We've addedduring the time Europe added 3 million jobs, we've added about 50 million jobs in this country. And so completely throwing out our tax system and coming up with an entirely new one is something we have to do very, very carefully. The president's commission on taxationtax reformlooked at this and said Not a good idea. Some of the reasons...

LOSER They didn't look at that...

(CROSSTALK)

LOSER Let mehold on, let me complete. Some of the reasons are the fair tax, for instance, charges a 23 percent tax, plus state sales tax, on a new home, when you purchase a new home. But if you buy an old home, there's no tax. Think what that might do to the construction industry. We need to thoroughly take it apart before we make a change of that nature. That's why my view is, get rid of the tax on savings and let middle-income people save their money tax-free.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, which one of the three options would you...

 A national sales tax...

LOSER Eliminate the death tax.

LOSER Of course. Of course.

LOSER And that should be eliminated immediately. It makes no sense at all. In 2010, the death tax is going to go to zero percent. And then it's going to go to 55 percent in 2011. You do not want to be on a respirator in 2010.



(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee and then...

LOSER And then I would say the mostthe most sensible thing to do is to simplify the tax code, reduce taxes, keep taxes low. I don't thinkI think the flat tax and the fair tax are both very intriguing. And if we were starting off at the very beginning with taxation, the first argument I would make is let's not have any taxes. The second argument I would make is the fair tax or the flat tax would probably be a better way to go.

MODERATOR But you're not for the fair tax now, correct?

LOSER It would be too complex to get there. And somebody would have to show me how we're going to make that transition. And, also, the thought that there wouldn't be an IRS with the fair taxwell, who is going to administer the sales tax? And who's going to administer the people that are exempt from the sales tax? And who is going to administer what items might be exempt from the salesmaybe food would be exempt from the sales tax.



MODERATOR Senator McCain, how do you come down on this question?

WINNER I believe that we've got to simplify the tax code. But one of the first areas we've got to go after is the alternate minimum tax, which is going to eat in to 20 million American families if we don't eliminate it, and very quickly. Look, when we found out that Congress could not close a single military base when we had a huge number of them, we appointedwe passed a law where we appointed a commission and they said we would close so many based and Congress votes up or noup or down. I would find Alan Greenspan. I'd say, "Give us your recommendations." We'll pass a law. And we will vote on Alan Greenspan and his commission's recommendations, yes or no, up or down. That's the way you're going to simplify the tax code, which now requires $140 billion of American families' income to prepare their tax returns.



MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo?

MODERATOR The reason why we absolutely need to go to something like a fair taxand I am a co-sponsor. And by the way, if you don't understand how it would work, I would suggest to you that you read Neil Boortz's book and John Linder's. It's a perfect explanation of how it works.

LOSER (inaudible) read itunderlined it.

MODERATOR Here'swell, then you should know how it works.

LOSER We just disagree about it.



MODERATOR The fact is thatbut the most important reason, the most important reason to move from an income tax to something like a fair taxto specifically a fair tax, is because an income tax is designed to manipulate behavior.

MODERATOR George?

MODERATOR It gives the government the power to manipulate your behavior. "I reward you for the things I want you to do by giving you a tax cut. I penalize you for the things I don't want you to do by raising your taxes." That is too much power for the federal government. It is always going to be an overreach of power.



MODERATOR I've got to move on. Senator Brownback, you get 30 seconds on this, and then we move on.

MODERATOR I think we need to move toward an optional flat tax. I think we need to go to flat taxes.

 And let me just say why here. We've got a problem with the current tax code and we've tried to take it out. And every time you try to take it out, everybody comes to defend it that has something in it. You can put an optional flat tax in the tax code and let people choose. And it will create economic growth. That's why 16 countries have already gone to a flat tax It creates growth. Growth is the key for us in this economy for us to get things moving forward.

MODERATOR OK, but you're against the fair tax. I want toI've got to move on now. Sorry, Governor, I've got to move on right now. We've got an e-mail question coming in. I'm going to ask every one of you to come in on this for 30 seconds. It comes from Adam Waldren (ph) from Pocatello, Idaho, and it starts like this "I have made several mistakes that have been defining moments in my life because of what I learned or was forced to realize. What is the defining mistake of your life and why?"

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

HUNTER Because of what I learned and was forced to realize. Think of a major mistake. Contemplating running as a Democrat in my very first...





MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER The only mistake I made and continue to make is I don't speak forcefully enough for the cause of liberty and the cause of the Constitution. I'm working on it all the time.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I think probably the greatest mistake I made was not taking good care of my own personal health for the first half of my life. And that's been one of the most transformational things I've done, and I just wish I'd started much earlier.

LOSER Probably from a political standpoint and a personal standpoint, the greatest mistake was when I first ran for office, being deeply opposed to abortion but saying, "I support the current law," which was pro-choice and effectively a pro-choice position. That was just wrong. And when I became a governor and faced a life-and-death decision as a governor, I came down on the side of life. That was a mistake before that.

LOSER To have a description of my mistakes in 30 seconds?



MODERATOR Defining mistake, Mayor. Just one defining mistake.

LOSER Your father is a priest. I'm going to explain it to your father, not to you, OK?



MODERATOR OK. I guess that's a pass. Senator McCain?

WINNER You want my list? It's right here.

 I would imagine that in 1967, in the USS Forrestal, where we'd just had a horrendous fire and the ship was headed back to the United States, and a guy came onboard and said, "We need people to go over to another aircraft carrier and stay in combat," that was a very defining moment.

WINNER I thought about that a lot in the intervening five and a half years in prison. The other mistake was when I went to a meeting among some regulators concerning a guy who was a supporter of mine. It was a mistake and one I never should have made.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback?

MODERATOR Probably not telling my wife and kids and parents I love them enough and just being more focused, too many times, on me instead of on them and on others is probably the biggest mistake I've made.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson?

LOSER My mother-in-law died of breast cancer, my mother. My wife has breast cancer. My young daughter has breast cancer. I don't think I was supportive enough, and that's why I'm vowing right now to end breast cancer by the year 2015 for all the women in America.



MODERATOR I have no doubt of what the greatest mistake in my life has been. And that is that it took me probably 30 years before I realized that Jesus Christ is my personal savior.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, thank you all very much. We have one more...

 We have one more round. I also want to bring all of you in on this for about 30 seconds each. And I'm going to introduce it by showing everyone something that President Bush said at the Iowa straw poll eight years ago. It was his fundamental promise as president. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BUSH I know this Should I be fortunate enough to become the president of the United States, that when I put my hand on the Bible, I will swear to not only uphold the laws of the land, I will swear to uphold the honor and the dignity of the office to which I have been elected, so help me God. (END VIDEO CLIP)

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, that was the core promise of President Bush's campaign, to restore honor and dignity to the Oval Office. What will you restore to the Oval Office?

MODERATOR Hopehope in America itself, remembering that we have made a number of mistakes that have turned our friends against us, have encouraged our enemies. I believe thatwith all my heart, that it is going to take a leader committed to the ideas of Western civilization, to the rhetoricalto speaking out about the values of Western civilization. We can no longer afford political correctness. We have to tell people that there is something goodnot just good, but greatabout who we are. That will restore America's faith in itself and the world's faith in America.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson?

LOSER I would open up the East Wing. I would open it up to bring in the best mindsDemocrats, Republicans, independents across Americathat want to get something done with this great country. Instead of tearing it down, start building, pro-America, and make sure that we're not so politically correct that we are sacrificing our values in America in this jihadist war. And by bringing in the best minds, the best people, we can change the direction and really start building America a stronger and healthier and better tomorrow than ever before.



MODERATOR Senator Brownback, what would you restore to the Oval Office?

MODERATOR Rebuilding the family. You know, in Washington, D.C., right now, 63 percent of the children are born out of wedlock. Nationwide, the number is 36 percent. You can raise a good child in that setting, but it gets more difficult. The best place is between a mom and a dad bonded together for life. I would stand for life. And I would appoint the next justice I hope would be the voting decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.



MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER I love my country. I've had the great honor for more than 50 years of serving it in the military, in Congress, the United States Senate. And I am fully preparedfully prepared, more than anyone else running on either sideto fight the transcendent challenge of this nation, which will be for all of the 21st century. And that is the struggle against radical Islamic extremism.

WINNER We must win. We will win. And we will never surrender; they will.



LOSER I would do the same thing that I did as mayor of New York City, and that is, I would restore hope, but for the people of the entire country hope that this country can do great things, grand things, that we can build our future on optimism, not this kind of defeatism that I hear from the Democratic candidates. And in deference to the senator, I think the senator is a great man and very well-qualified. But the fact is, I look at the three leading Democratic candidates. They haven't held an executive office in their lives. They haven't run a city, a state, a business. I think maybe they've run a club somewhere. But the reality is, you've got to have some kind of experience for this job. You have to be able to show that you can accomplish things and you can get things done. And I've done that, and I would do that for this country.



MODERATOR Governor Romney?

LOSER I've thought a lot about this question. And I take my inspiration from my dad, from Ronald Reagan, Teddy Roosevelt, the Declaration of Independence. My view is that America is going to be strengthened by virtue of the presidency, if I'm able to have that opportunity. I would strengthen America's military, make sure that we could be safe here at home. We know that we can be safe around the world. I want to have more troops in our military. I want to have them have the equipment they need on the battlefield and the care they deserve when they come home. I want to strengthen our economy, keep our taxes down, become free of oil from foreign places, strengthen our economy so we have great jobs and a great future for our people. And finally, I want to strengthen the American family. In my view, families, a strong economy and a strong militarythat combination of features is what makes this party so strong and accounts for our great success in the elections over the prior several decades and also is so critical to our future as a nationa strong economy, a strong military, and strong families. And I'll fight for those things.



MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

LOSER I would put the very same frame on my wall in the White House I did as governor for 10 and a half years. It's a frame that has a photo, and underneath the photo it says, "Our boss." My picture was never in that frame in 10 and a half years. Every week or so, we'd put the picture of some ordinary Arkansas citizen. And I told our staff, let's never forget who the real boss is. I hope every day I'd never forget I work for those people; they don't work for me. I'd like to be the kind of president that's more concerned about the people on Main Street, not just the folks on Wall Street. And we need that kind of Republican running, that kind of Republican winning.

I'd never forget who the boss really, really is.



MODERATOR Congressman Paul?

LOSER I would restore openness to government. I do not think in this country we should have secrecy of government. The purpose of government is to provide privacy for the people. I would never use executive privilege to deny information to the Congress, with the full realization that you protect security information, but in the very general sense, we should be very, very open. We want a transparent government. And currently I believe we could improve on that matter.



MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, last word.

HUNTER I think restoring what I call economic patriotism. You know, in World War I, World War II and the Cold War, we rode to victory on the arsenal of democracy. That's our great industrial base, our ability to make things in this country, this magnificent manufacturing capability, which right now we're pushing offshore, pushing to China, pushing to India, pushing to Japan.

I would stop China from cheating on trade. I would level the playing field. I would bring back that arsenal of democracy that we need, not only for high-paying jobs in this country but also to defend the country.

And lastly, when my kid came back from Iraq, he wrote a great letter. And the last part of that letter said, "Families lift this country up. They provide us with fidelity, morality, faith in God, and raising the next generation of Americans."

Our work to make sure that we elevate the American family and make a life of opportunity for that next generation of Americans.



MODERATOR Thank you.

Thank you all. It was a great debate.

Thanks everyone who was watching back at home.

Participants
Senator Sam Brownback,
former Virginia Gov. James Gilmore
former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani,
Rep. Duncan Hunter (CA),
former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee,
Sen. John McCain (AZ),
Rep. Ron Paul (TX),
former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney,
Rep. Tom Tancredo (CO), and
former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson
MODERATOR Wolf Blitzer, CNN

MODERATOR So let's meet the candidates. We've asked for no opening statements. However, I'd like to ask each candidate to - in one short sentence, about five seconds or so, to introduce themselves to the voters of New Hampshire.

Let me begin with an example. I'm Wolf Blitzer, and I'm with CNN. (Laughter.) Let's start across the stage, and we'll begin with Tom Tancredo.

MODERATOR Hi. I'm Tom Tancredo. I'm a member of Congress, have been for 10 years. Thank you for letting me join you here this evening.

LOSER My name is Thompson, Tommy. I'm the candidate, not the actor. (Laughter.)

I was governor for 14 years and secretary for Health and Human Services in Bush's Cabinet.

MODERATOR I'm Sam Brownback. I was raised on a farm near Parker, Kansas. My wife, Mary, and I have five children. We live in Topeka. I'm a U.S. senator in my third term.

LOSER My name is Mitt Romney. I'm a husband, a father, a grandfather, a neighbor and formerly governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

MAYORLOSER I'm Rudy Giuliani. I agree with the motto of your state, "Live free or die." And I think it would be a pretty good one for our time.

WINNER I'm John McCain. I've had the honor of serving my country all of my life.

LOSER I'm Mike Huckabee. For 10 and a half years, I was governor of Arkansas. I'm from the small town of Hope. You may have heard of it. All I ask you is, give us one more chance. (Laughter.)

HUNTER I'm Duncan Hunter, four years chairman of the Armed Services Committee and in Congress 26 years. And I stand for a strong national defense, an enforceable border, bringing back American jobs.

LOSER I'm Jim Gilmore, the former governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, former chairman of the National Commission for the United States Government on Terrorism and Weapons of Mass Destruction.

LOSER I'm Ron Paul. I'm a congressman from Texas, serving in my 10th term. I am the champion of the Constitution.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, thank you very much for those brief self-introductions. Let's begin our questioning right now, Tom Fahey of the New Hampshire Union Leader with the first question.

FAHEY Thanks, Wolf.

Governor Romney, I wanted to start by asking you a question on which every American has formed an opinion. We've lost 3,400 troops, civilian casualties are even higher, and the Iraqi government does not appear ready to provide for the security of its own country. Knowing everything you know right now, was it a mistake for us to invade Iraq?

LOSER Well, the question is kind of a non sequitur, if you will, and what I mean by that - or a null set. And that is that if you're saying let's turn back the clock, and Saddam Hussein had opened up his country to IAEA inspectors, and they'd come in and they'd found that there were no weapons of mass destruction, had Saddam Hussein, therefore, not violated United Nations resolutions, we wouldn't be in the conflict we're in. But he didn't do those things, and we knew what we knew at the point we made the decision to get in. I supported the president's decision based on what we knew at that time. I think we were underprepared and underplanned for what came after we knocked down Saddam Hussein.

By the way, Harry Reid was wrong. We did not lose the war in Iraq. And that's not the sort of thing you say when you have men and women in harm's way.

We did, however, not do a great job after we knocked down Saddam Hussein and won the war to take him down, and his military. And at this stage, the right thing for us to do is to see if we can possibly stabilize the central government in Iraq so that they can have stability and so we can bring our troops home as soon as possible.

Not to do that adds an enormous potential risk that the whole region could be embroiled in a regional conflict.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you, but the question was, knowing what you know right now - not what you knew then, what you know right now - was it a mistake for the United States to invade Iraq?

LOSER Well, I answered the question by saying it's a - it's a non sequitur, it's a null set kind of question, because you can go back and say, if we knew then what we know now, by virtue of inspectors having been let in and giving us that information, by virtue of if Saddam Hussein had followed the U.N. resolutions, we wouldn't be having this - this discussion. So it's a hypothetical that I think is an unreasonable hypothetical. And the answer is, we did what we did; we did the right thing based on what we knew at that time. I think we made mistakes following the conduct - or the collapse of Saddam's government.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, same question to you. Was it - knowing what you know right now, was it a good decision?

MAYORLOSER Absolutely the right thing to do. It's unthinkable that you would leave Saddam Hussein in charge of Iraq and be able to fight the war on terror. And the problem is that we see Iraq in a vacuum. Iraq should not be seen in a vacuum. Iraq is part of the overall terrorist war against the United States.

The problem the Democrats make is they're in denial. That's why you hear things like you heard in the debate the other night, that, you know, Iran really isn't dangerous; it's 10 years away from nuclear weapons. Iran is not 10 years away from nuclear weapons, and the danger to us is not just missiles, the danger to us is a state like Iran handing nuclear weapons over to terrorists, so it has to be seen in that light, and we have to be successful in Iraq.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, arguably, going to war is the most important decision a member of the Senate can make.

Did you read the National Intelligence Estimate, which included all the caveats, on whether or not there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?

WINNER I did not read that particular document. I received hundreds of briefings, tens and hundreds of hours of study and background and information on it. And the fact is, that the sanctions were breaking down. The sanctions were not going to hold. We had a multi-billion-dollar scandal in the form of oil-for-food. The fact is that Saddam Hussein had used weapons of mass destruction before on his own people and on his enemies, and if he'd gotten them again, he'd have used them again. That was his commitment and his belief that he was going to, and he did the right thing. The problem was the mismanagement of the conflict.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Senator Brownback, you're also a member of the United States Senate. Did you read that classified National Intelligence Estimate?

MODERATOR I don't remember that report. I had a number of briefings. And I held a number of committee hearings. At that time, I was chairing the Middle East Subcommittee on Foreign Relations and we held hearings on this topic and what was taking place and what Saddam was doing.

But the issue is, is that we've got to put forward now a political plan. And that's something I'm going to introduce tomorrow, a political plan to create a three-state solution in Iraq - a Kurdish state, a Sunni state, a Shi'a state - because Iraq is more three groups held together by exterior forces.

MODERATOR All right.

MODERATOR And that's what we've lacked, is a political plan to get us moving forward and success.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Governor Gilmore, let me go to you. You chaired this commission. Do you think it was appropriate that members of Congress would authorize the president to go to war without reading that National Intelligence Estimate?

LOSER Well, you know, I think the people who are in Congress who are responsible for sending this country to war, with the enormous dangers that it has geopolitically and strategically, ought to read at least that kind of material. I know they get a lot of stuff and they can't read everything.

But you know what, Wolf, I think the true business is this. The interest of the United States is in creating as much stability as possible in the Middle East. There is a very great danger to this country. Our interests in Israel, our interests in energy, and in other ways there's a giant danger of the Middle East becoming an unstable place.

Saddam Hussein was unstable, and so taking him out was good there, but we certainly didn't anticipate the further instability that was to come out.

MODERATOR We're going to bring all of you in, but I want to go to Scott Spradling of WMUR for the next question.

SPRADLING Thanks, Wolf.

Senator McCain, we've just spent a few minutes looking back. I'd ask you to look forward now, if you will.

Since June 1st, there have been at least 17 confirmed deaths of American soldiers in Iraq. Approximately, 100 U.S. troops are dying there every month. If our top military commander in Iraq, General Petraeus, reports back to Congress this September that the surge hasn't significantly improved the situation on the ground, what then?

WINNER Well, let me say, first of all, I know how frustrated and saddened all Americans are. This morning I was with the family of Matthew Stanley of Wolfeboro, who sacrificed his life, and our hearts and our sympathy goes out to all those who have sacrificed their lives in this conflict.

I, one, think this strategy needs to be given a chance to succeed. We haven't barely gotten the fifth brigade over there, which is part of this strategy. I am convinced that if we fail and we have to withdraw, they will follow us home. It will be a base for al Qaeda, and we will be facing greater challenges and greater sacrifices than that already made by Matthew Stanley and his family.

There is no doubt in my mind that this will become a base for terrorism, there will be chaos in the region.

And when Senator Clinton says this is Mr. Bush's war, that this is President Bush's war - when President Clinton was in power, I didn't say that Bosnia, our intervention there was President Clinton's war. When we intervened in Kosovo, I didn't say it was President Clinton's war.

MODERATOR Senator.

WINNER What he - what Senator Clinton doesn't understand, that presidents don't lose wars, political parties don't lose wars; nations lose wars and nations lose the - have the consequences of failure.

MODERATOR Senator.

WINNER We must succeed in this conflict.

MODERATOR The question was, if General Petraeus says - (applause) - it's not working so far in September, what do you do then?

WINNER Then you have to examine the options. And I'll tell you the options. One is the division that Sam described. You would have to divide bedrooms in Baghdad, because Sunni and Shi'a are married to each other. You have 2 million Sunni and 4 million Shi'a living in Baghdad together.

You would have to - you withdraw to the borders and watch genocide take place inside Baghdad. You watch the destabilization of Jordan. You see further jeopardy of Israel because of the threats of Hezbollah and Iranian hegemony in the region. All of the options I could run through with you; my friend, none of them are good. That's why we must succeed and give it a chance to succeed.

MODERATOR All right. Let me bring in Governor Thompson. Go ahead, same question to you. If General Petraeus says it's not working in September, what should the U.S. do then?

LOSER The first thing the president should do is demand the al-Maliki government to vote as to whether or not they want the United States to stay in Iraq. We've been there four years. Give the government the responsibility of voting. If they vote yes, how are they going to help us win this war? And if they vote no, we should redeploy our forces outside.

Secondly, there are 18 territories in Iraq, geographically defined. Those 18 territories, just like 50 states in America, should elect their state leaders. And if they do so, the Shi'ites will elect Shi'ites, Sunnis will elect Sunnis, Kurds will elect Kurds. And you know something? People will go to those particular territories and you get rid of the civil war, internecine.

Number three -

MODERATOR All right, we've -

LOSER - I would like to have the oil revenue proceeds - very quickly -

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER - oil revenue proceeds split one third to the federal government, one third to the states, and one third to every man woman and child, and that will get everybody a stake in their country.

MODERATOR Let me bring in Congressman Duncan Hunter.

Congressman, if it's not working at that point, how much longer should the United States stay?

 HUNTER Well, Wolf, you know, I read that NIE report, and I held the briefings before we made the vote to go in. I'd invited everybody, Democrat and Republican, to get the classified information.

And this depends - the turnover of the security apparatus depends on one thing - reliable Iraqi forces. You got 129 Iraq battalions; we've trained them up. We've got a lot of them in the fight. Over the next three to four months, we need to get them all in the fight, get them that combat capability. When they're combat- hardened, we rotate them in, we displace American heavy combat forces off that battlefield, and Americans come home.

And, Wolf -

MODERATOR Thank you.

 HUNTER - I can tell you, as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years, I have the credentials to leave Iraq the right way.

MODERATOR Congressman Ron Paul, how much longer should the United States stay in Iraq?

LOSER The sooner we come home, the better. If they declare there's no progress in September, we should come home. It was a mistake to go, so it's a mistake to stay. If we made the wrong diagnosis, we should change the treatment. So we're not making progress there and we should come home. The weapons weren't there, and we went in under U.N. resolutions. And our national security was not threatened.

We're more threatened now by staying. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, do you have confidence in the government of Iraq, the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, that he's going to do what needs to be done?

LOSER I think there's some real doubt about that, Wolf. But I want to remind all of us on this stage and the people in the audience that there's a reason that this is such a struggle. And I think we miss it over here in the West. Today's the birthday of Ronald Reagan. We all would believe that Ronald Reagan is the one who ended the Cold War, and Ronald Reagan is the one who helped bring about the collapse of the Soviet Union.

But there's a group of people who don't believe that, and that's the Taliban. They believe they brought about the demise of the Soviet Union because of the way they fought in Afghanistan.

And what I want to just mention is that it is not the size of the dog in the fight; it is the size of the fight in the dog. And we underestimate, grossly underestimate how fierce this dog and how determined they are to destroy every last one of us.

MODERATOR All right. Congressman Tom Tancredo, what do you say?

MODERATOR I'll tell you this that if it comes to that point in time that you describe, that the surge - is apparent that it is not working - I did not support it. I hope to God it does work. I hope I'm wrong. I hope we pacify Iraq.

However, if it is apparent that we cannot, then we have to do and tell the Iraqis the exact same thing that Benjamin Franklin said when he came out of the convention in 1787 and somebody said to him, "Dr. Franklin, what have you given us?" And he said, "A republic, if you can keep it." It is exactly that time and it is exactly that thing that we have to say to the Iraqi government. We have given you this. We bought it with our blood and sweat. It is now up to you to keep it.

And I want the Iraqis to be in fact patrolling Baghdad. If they need vehicles, you let them have the vehicles. But I want them patrolling their city and putting their lives at risk.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Well -

MODERATOR Then we move out.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

I want to go to the next question. (Applause.) I want to go back to Tom. Tom, go ahead.

FAHEY Thanks. Senator Brownback, President Bush has stated that states that sponsor terrorism are no different than terrorists themselves. Yet Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice recently met with Iranian officials to discuss security in Iraq. Iran is a known supporter of Hezbollah, Hamas. Did President Bush make the right call in opening a dialogue with Iran?

MODERATOR I think he made a right call on saying that about terrorist states, particularly Iran. But I think we have to at times talk with them in different situations, like before we went into Afghanistan, we talked with Iran.

It wasn't we were negotiating. We didn't open up formal diplomatic relations, and we shouldn't.

Iran is the lead sponsor of terrorism. Ahmadinejad just this past week called for the destruction of Israel, continues to call for attacking of the United States. On Iraq, I think we need to talk with him. I think we have to confront them aggressively for what they are, which is the lead sponsor of terrorism in the world. I think we need to push the sanctions forward more aggressively. I think we need to more equip the labor union movement that's developing inside of Iran; they had a bus driver strike that recently took place. And I think we have to show that purpose and resolve - that we're going to confront these guys, and we're going to stand with our allies like Israel, we're going to stand against them oppressing and pushing us and trying to fund terrorists against us.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Congressman Hunter, let me bring -

MODERATOR Senator, if you don't mind.

MODERATOR - excuse me - senator.

MODERATOR That's okay.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, let me bring you back in.

Do you agree with Senator Brownback that President Bush made the right decision in opening a direct dialogue with Iran?

 HUNTER With two conditions, and I think that you do have a dialogue with everybody, whether they're adversaries or friends. The two conditions are number one, they are moving deadly equipment across the border that is killing Americans in Iraq. We have license to utilize anything that we want to use - special operations, intelligence, whatever it takes - to stop that deadly equipment from moving across the border and hitting Americans in Iraq, and we don't give that up with these talks.

Secondly, they've got about a thousand centrifuges now working, enriching the materials that can make at some point a nuclear device. The United States reserves the right to preempt, and we may have to preempt that nuclear weapons program. We cannot allow them to have a nuclear device.

With those two caveats, talk to your enemies.

MODERATOR If it came down to a preemptive U.S. strike against Iran's nuclear facility, if necessary would you authorize as president the use of tactical nuclear weapons?

 HUNTER I would authorize the use of tactical nuclear weapons if there was no other way to preempt those particular centrifuges. When the Osirak reactor that was hit `86, when the six F-18s came over the horizon and knocked that out, they didn't need anything but conventional weapons. Probably it's going to take a little more than that. I don't think it's going to take tactical nukes.

MODERATOR What do you think, Mayor?

Do you think if you were president of the United States and it came down to Iran having a nuclear bomb, which you say is unacceptable, you would authorize the use of tactical nuclear weapons?

MAYORLOSER Part of the premise of talking to Iran has to be that they have to know very clearly that it is unacceptable to the United States that they have nuclear power. I think it could be done with conventional weapons, but you can't rule out anything and you shouldn't take any option off the table.

And during the debate the other night, the Democrats seemed to be back in the 1990s. They don't seem to have gotten beyond the Cold War. Iran is a threat, a nuclear threat, not just because they can deliver a nuclear warhead with missiles. They're a nuclear threat because they are the biggest state sponsor of terrorism and they can hand nuclear materials to terrorists. And we saw just last week in New York an attempt by Islamic terrorists to attack JFK Airport; three weeks ago, an attempt to attack Fort Dix.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER These are real problems. This war is not a bumper sticker. This war is a real war.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor. (Applause.)

Let me bring Governor Gilmore in. What do you say about the potential use of tactical nuclear weapons if that's what it takes to go deep underground and destroy those Iraqi facilities?

LOSER One of the central problems of the Middle East is the desire for Iran to dominate that portion of the world because of what they are doing. And that is why I believe that they are seeking this kind of nuclear capacity.

That is one of the reasons why we are, in fact, in Iraq. And that's why our soldiers, when they fight and die there, are, in fact, serving the interests of the United States. Nobody ought to have any doubt about that.

With respect to Iran, the policy I would follow would be dual. Number one, we need to work with our European allies in order to put in appropriate sanctions. We need to communicate directly with the Iranians that we are going to offer them an opportunity to work with us. But we're also going to say that having a nuclear weapon is unacceptable. They need to understand it. And all options are on the table by the United States in that instance.

MODERATOR All right, thank you, Governor.

Governor Romney, I want to get you on the record. Do you agree with the mayor, the governor, others here, that the use of tactical nuclear weapons, potentially, would be possible if that were the only way to stop Iran from developing a nuclear bomb?

LOSER You don't take options off the table. But what you do is stand back and say, "What's going on here?" Do you see what's happening in Sudan and Afghanistan, in Iraq and Iraq? All over the world we're seeing the same thing happening, and that is, people are testing the United States of America.

And we have to make sure they understand that we're not arrogant. We have resolve. And we have the strength to protect our interests and to protect people who love liberty. For that to happen, we're going to have not just to attack each one of these problems one by one, but say, "How do we help move the world of Islam so that the moderate Muslims can reject the extreme?" And for that to happen, we're going to have to have a strong military and an effort to combine with our allies in such a way -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - that we combine for an effort to help move Islam towards modernity.

That's what we're going to have to do instead of looking at each theater one by one and saying We'll bomb here, we'll attack here, we'll go to Sudan.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER I watched the Democrats. They don't think there's a war on terror.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER There is a war going on, and we need a broad response to make sure that these people have a different vision.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

All of you are going to have an opportunity to weigh in on all of these questions as well.

If you're hearing some sounds out there, it's lightning here in Manchester, New Hampshire. Those are the crackling sounds that you're hearing.

Let's go back to Scott.

SPRADLING Thanks, Wolf.

Congressman Tancredo, let's talk immigration.

MODERATOR Okay.

SPRADLING You opposed the immigration reform compromise calling it, quote, "the worst piece of legislation to come down the pike in a long time." Just this morning, in Manchester, you vowed to oust any senator who supports the bill, including possibly New Hampshire's senior senator, Judd Gregg, who's undecided, and says to your comments that you are part of the "no nothing" wing of the political spectrum. In the meantime, the president says his plan is the "last best chance" for serious immigration reform. He's criticized conservatives for being obstructionists.

With that tension at stake, if this becomes law, what are the consequences for the country?

MODERATOR They are incredible and they are disastrous. And that is exactly why I have said what I've said, and that is why I have consistently tried to impress upon the American public the seriousness of this issue. We're not just talking about the number of jobs that we may be losing, or the number of kids that are in our schools and impacting our school system, or the number of people that are abusing our hospital system and taking advantage of the welfare system in this country - we're not just talking about that. We're talking about something that goes to the very heart of this nation - whether or not we will actually survive as a nation. And here's what I mean by that.

What we're doing here in this immigration battle is testing our willingness to actually hold together as a nation or split apart into a lot of Balkanized pieces. We are testing our willingness to actually hold on to something called the English language, something that is the glue that is supposed to hold us together as a nation. We are becoming a bilingual nation, and that is not good. And that is the fearful part of this. It has - the ramifications are much, much more significant than any that we've been discussing so far.

And so yes, I have said dramatic things. And yes, I am willing to do what is ever (sic) necessary to try to stop this piece of legislation, and that includes go after any Republican that votes for it, because the Republicans can stop this.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

Mayor Giuliani, what do you think the consequences for the nation are if this immigration plan proposed by President Bush goes through?

MAYORLOSER The problem with this immigration plan is it has no real unifying purpose. It's a typical Washington mess. It's - everybody compromises, four or five compromises, and the compromises leave you with the following conclusion. The litmus test you should have for legislation is, is it going to make things better? And when you look at these compromise, it is quite possible it will make things worse.

The organizing purpose should be that our immigration laws should allow us to identify everyone who is in this country that comes here from a foreign country. They should have a tamper-proof ID card. It should be in a database that allows you to figure out who they are, why they're here, make sure they're not illegal immigrants coming here for a bad purpose, and then to be able to throw out the ones who are not in that database. We can do that. Credit card companies -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER - take care of data that is greater than that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

I want to get to Senator McCain in a moment. But first, Governor Romney, Senator McCain has accused you of flip-flopping on this issue, in effect. Yesterday in Miami, he said the following "Pandering for votes on this issue while offering no solution to the problem amounts to doing nothing, and doing nothing is silent amnesty."

What do you say to Senator McCain?

LOSER Well, he's my friend. He campaigned for me two times and I consider him a friend. I'm not going to make this a matter of personal politics. It's an issue that's way too important for that.

My view is that we should enforce immigration laws. And this bill, unfortunately, has at least one provision that's a real problem. It's the Z visa. And what it allows is people who've come here illegally to stay here for the rest of their lives. Not necessarily as citizens; they have to wait 13 years to become citizens. That's not the point.

The point is, every illegal alien, almost every one, under this bill gets to stay here. That's not fair to the millions and millions of people around the world that would love to come here -

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER - and join with family members, bring skill and education that we need. It's simply not fair to say those people get put ahead in the line of all the people who've been waiting legally to come to this country.

MODERATOR All right. (Applause.)

Senator or McCain, this is your chance. I'd like you - I'd like you to respond as someone who is the co-author of this legislation.

WINNER Well, first of all, I agree with Judd Gregg. He's a great senator. (Applause.)

Second of all, Rudy you just described our legislation, so I'd be glad to have further conversation with you because it does account for people who are here illegally, it does have an employment verification system, and it weeds out those who shouldn't be here, and it gives others a chance to remain in this country.

Look, this is a national security issue first and foremost. Ever since 9/11 it's a national security issue. People came to Fort Dix, New Jersey from across our Southern border and tried to kill our soldiers. For us to do nothing is silent and defacto amnesty. What we have done is what you expect us to do, my friends, and that's come together with the president of the United States, the leader of our party, Democrat and Republican, conservative Republicans like Jon Kyl, Johnny Isakson, Saxby Chambliss and Trent Lott, and sit down and figure out an approach to this problem.

And it is a serious national security problem. We need to act, my friends, and if someone else has a better idea, I'd love to have them give it to us. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Hold on.

SEN.//I have a better idea.

WINNER That - that will get the support of enough people so that we can pass legislation. This isn't the bill that I would have written, but it does -

MODERATOR All right. Thank you.

WINNER - it does satisfy our national security challenges, which are severe and intense, and we can not allow 12 million people -

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER - washing around America illegally, my friends. And I hope you'll examine the legislation -

MODERATOR Okay. Thank you, Senator.

WINNER - and I hope we can move forward with it, and we can make it better.

MODERATOR All right.

WINNER But it's our job to do the hard things, not the easy things. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Mayor, go ahead.

MAYORLOSER I've read the 400 pages, and this is part of the problem in Washington - they say things and then it's not in the legislation. There are four or five different methods of identification, not one. It does not provide information about who exited the United States. Now tell me how you're going to figure out who's in the United States, if you can't figure out who's left the United States. And finally, it doesn't provide for a uniform database. Many countries have this.

The United States doesn't have it.

On September 11th, when we tried to figure out who was in this country, it took weeks to figure out who were the right people and who weren't, because there isn't such a database.

MODERATOR Mayor, thank you.

MAYORLOSER And that is a fatal flaw in this legislation, and wishing it away doesn't make it possible.

MODERATOR Thank you. (Applause.)

Governor Romney, what would you do with the 12 million or so illegal immigrants who are right now in this country?

LOSER Well, one is to enforce the law as it exists. The law that was passed in 1986 - (applause) - the law passed in 1986 asked for us to secure the border and said also to put in place an employment verification system. Neither one of those was done. So let's make sure that we enforce the law as it exists.

And if you want to improve this bill, well, one thing you could do to make it better is to take that Z visa and make it temporary, instead of a permanent right to stay in America. That's simply just not fair. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I want to stay on immigration. Everybody's going to have a chance to weigh in. But let's go back to Tom for another question on immigration.

FAHEY Thank you.

Congressman Hunter, whether we like it or not, in cities across America, in counties across America, including your district in San Diego, illegal immigrants are doing jobs that American citizens don't want working on farms, in hotels, restaurants. If you have your way and they all leave this country, who's going to fill those jobs?

 HUNTER Well, first, I disagree with that premise, because when they made the sweep on the Swift plants - those were the meat packaging plants in Iowa - took out some 850 people who were working there illegally several months ago, there were American citizens lined up the next day to get their jobs back at 18 bucks an hour.

Now - and let me tell you, this is a disastrous bill. And if John McCain is right in saying that this is a national security issue - and it is, border enforcement - then the Hunter bill, which was signed by the president on the 26th of October, mandating 854 miles of double fence - not that scraggly little fence you show on CNN all the time, Wolf, that people get across so easily - if they get across my fence, we sign them up for the Olympics immediately. (Laughter.) We've got a big fence.

But 854 miles of double border fence was mandated to be constructed. Homeland Security has a billion bucks, cash on hand. It's been six months, and they've done 11 miles.

So administration has a case of the slows. And I think they slowed the fence down so that they could come out with the amnesty at the same time, put the two together, and the Bush-McCain-Kennedy bill would then be accepted by conservatives and liberals alike.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

 HUNTER It's a bad bill.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

Senator Brownback, what do you say about this notion of a pathway towards citizenship for these 12 million illegal immigrants who are in the country right now? Under what circumstances would you let them begin that path?

MODERATOR I don't think you create any new paths to citizenship. But I also think you allow them to be able to use paths they would currently qualify for, and to be able to get in the back of the line. And that's part of leadership and getting something resolved.

I think - you know, we can go on a lot of slogans here. And I've been around this issue for a while. I was in Congress in 1994, elected then. We did the first immigration bill I was involved in then, in 1996. You know what, that was as enforcement-only bill in 1996, and we had 7 million undocumented in the country then. We're at 12 (million) to 20 million now.

The point of saying that - and my colleagues and people up here, everybody is concerned that we get something done and get something right. I think if you do exterior enforcement, border enforcement, you do aggressive interior enforcement, and then you work on a comprehensive solution interior, that's something that a lot of people are going to be upset with, but that can work and move us forward. And it's better than not doing anything.

MODERATOR Thank you. So you support this pending compromise legislation?

MODERATOR If we can hold together those things in it, those things have to be in it.

MODERATOR So with - you're with - you're with Senator McCain?

MODERATOR If those things are in it.

MODERATOR What about you, Governor Thompson?

LOSER Wolf, the first thing you have to do is you got to secure the border.

He didn't say yes. (Chuckles.)

LOSER Securing the border is going to allow everything else to follow. But unless you secure the border, it is not right to give 12 million individuals who have illegal rights into this country status before that border is protected. There should be no amnesty. And this bill, no matter how you cover it, is an amnesty bill. And the people in this country do not believe in that bill, and they believe very much that the best hope for us is to have a secure border, just like Congressman Hunter has been talking about -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - and every other Republican up here; have a secure border, then move on, but don't do it the other way.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Congressman Paul, I want you to weigh in on this as well.

I believe - and correct me if I'm wrong - you voted o support that 700-mile fence along the border between the United States and Mexico. Did you?

LOSER I did.

MODERATOR What about Canada? Is there a need for a similar fence along the border between the United States and Canada?

LOSER No. No, because that bill - probably the fence was my weakest reason for doing that, but for other reasons - to enforce the law - was important, and border security is important. And we've talked about amnesty, which I'm positively opposed to.

But one thing that has not been mentioned here, which I think is very, very important - if you subsidize something, you get more of it. So - we subsidize illegal immigration, we reward it by easy citizenship, either birthright or amnesty.

But we force our states and our local communities to pay for the health care and pay for the education. Why wouldn't they bring their families? And because of our economic conditions, we do need workers. But if we had a truly free market economy, the illegal immigrants would not be the scapegoat. We would probably need them and they would be acceptable, but because of economic conditions, they have become the scapegoat.

MODERATOR Okay. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

The other night - Sunday night, I asked the eight Democratic presidential candidates whether or not they thought English should be the official language of the United States. Only one of them said English should be the official language of the United States. If there's someone here who doesn't believe English should be the official language of the United States, please speak up right now.

WINNER (Laughs.) I think it's fine.

I would like to remind you that we made treaties with Native Americans, such as the Navajos in my state, where we respect their sovereignty and they use their native language in their deliberations. It's not a big deal. But Native Americans are important to me in my state.

Everybody knows that English has to be learned if anyone ever wants to move up the economic ladder. That is obvious. And part of our legislation, by the way, is a requirement to learn English.

And by the way, 30 percent of the people who are in this country illegally never came across our borders, my friends. They overstayed their visas. That's why it has to be a comprehensive approach. And I'm proud of the support of the president and his brother, Governor Jeb Bush, who was governor of the state of Florida. People who have to deal with this issue every day understand we have to act, my friends. And we can have our own ways to improve it, but if we don't address this issue, we are going to pay a heavy price because something bad could happen when 12 million people are in this country illegally - two million of them having committed serious crimes. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I see people raising their hands. But the question was, I'd only like those to speak up who believe that English should not necessarily be the official language of the United States.

MAYORLOSER (Inaudible.)

WINNER (Inaudible.)

MODERATOR Is there anyone else who stands with Senator McCain specifically on that question?

MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) (I'm not going to give an answer. ?)

MODERATOR All right. We're going to go back to Scott.

 HUNTER Wolf, can I speak -

MODERATOR Go ahead, Scott.

(Cross talk.)

 HUNTER Wolf. (Off mike) -

MODERATOR Scott, go ahead.

 HUNTER - in my district. Can I speak up also?

MODERATOR You'll have an opportunity. Go ahead, Scott.

SPRADLING Okay. This question's for Governor Gilmore. Conservative credentials is the topic, sir.

You've gotten a lot of mileage out of lumping Misters Giuliani, McCain and Romney together by calling them "Rudy McRomney." Now with former Senator Fred Thompson likely to join you at the next debate, in your opinion is he conservative enough for America, or are we changing the name now to "Rudy McRomneyson"? (Laughter.)

LOSER Well, we've gotten a little mileage out of "Rudy McRomney." I know the mayor one time said that it would make a good ticket. And it would, but it isn't a conservative ticket. And we don't know what Fred Thompson is either. I think he's a fine man. He served in the Senate a term and a half. Let's see exactly what his views are.

I'm coming forward and offering my views as a 40-year battler for conservative values and conservative principles on behalf of the people of the United States, and I have the record to back it up. I've been a prosecutor. I've been an attorney general. I've been a governor. I governed as a conservative. I cut taxes for the people of the Commonwealth of Virginia. I've stood by these principles for years and years.

The question is, when Fred Thompson comes into the race, as I believe he will, and maybe even Speaker Gingrich may come into the race, they will have to stand on their records and stand on their credentials and offer their ideas the same way that every person here on the stage is doing. I look forward to that day, and I look forward to the debate.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Governor Thompson, is there a need for another Thompson in this race? (Laughter.)

LOSER I think that anybody with the Thompson name should get involved if they want to get involved. It's a great name, he's a great candidate, and I think it will help the Republican Party to have him in.

I just would like to say that if you're talking about conservatism - and that's what you're talking about - there isn't a candidate on either side of the aisle that has had as many vetoes as I have. Nobody has reduced taxes as much as I have. And if you're talking about a reliable conservative, it is THIS Thompson - Tommy Thompson, not the actor -

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

LOSER - that's the conservative. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Mayor Giuliani, there was some news here today. A Catholic bishop in Rhode Island said some words about your position on abortion, suggesting that it was similar to Pontius Pilate's personal opposition to Jesus Christ's crucifixion but allowing it to happen anyway.

How does that make you feel when you hear words like that from a Catholic bishop?

MAYORLOSER Well, you know - well, a Catholic bishop - (off mike) -

MODERATOR That's the lightning that's having an affect on -

MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) Yeah, I know.

MODERATOR - our system. (Laughter, applause.)

(Cross talk.)

MAYORLOSER Look, for someone who went to parochial schools all his life, this is a very frightening thing that's happening right now. (Laughter.)

But the reality is, I respect, you know, the opinion of Catholic - (off mike) - religious leaders of all kinds. Religion is very important to me, it's a very important part of my life. But ultimately, as a - (off mike) - I've been in public life most of my life and taken oaths of office to enforce the law, I've got to make the decisions that I think are the right ones in a country like ours.

And my view on abortion is that it's wrong, but that ultimately government should not be enforcing that decision on a woman. That's - that is my view that I - I consult my religion, I consult my reading of the Constitution, I consult my views of what I think are important in a pluralistic society, and the reality that we have to respect the fact that there are people that are equally as religious, equally as moral that make a different decision about this. And should government put them in jail?

MODERATOR You made, Governor Romney, this decision on abortion, opposing abortion, relatively recently.

Why should conservatives out there, people who oppose abortion believe you?

LOSER Well, people can look at my record. I'm not going to apologize for the fact that I became pro-life. I served as governor; as I was governor, as we were debating cloning and as we were debating also embryo farming, I said Roe v. Wade has gone too far. I want to make it very clear that I'm pro-life. People here in New Hampshire have seen that I've fought for life. I fought also for a traditional marriage, to keep taxes down, to have education in our schools that includes abstinence education. I've fought for English immersion in our schools. I know that I've got conservative credentials, and that's one of the things that brings me to this race.

But there's something bigger in conservatism that I don't think we've spoken about, and that is that America is a land of opportunity, and our future is going to be far brighter than our past, not just as we overcome these challenges, but as we take advantage of the new opportunity of the 21st century.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Governor. (Applause.)

Let's go back to Tom for the next question.

FAHEY Thank you.

Governor Huckabee, at a previous debate, you and two of your colleagues indicated that you do not believe in evolution. You're an ordained minister. What do you believe? Is it the story of creation as it is reported in the Bible or described in the Bible?

LOSER It's interesting that that question would even be asked of somebody running for president. I'm not planning on writing the curriculum for an eighth-grade science book. I'm asking for the opportunity to be president of the United States.

But you've raised the question, so let me answer it. "In the beginning, God created the heavens and the Earth." To me it's pretty simple, a person either believes that God created this process or believes that it was an accident and that it just happened all on its own.

And the basic question was an unfair question because it simply asks us in a simplistic manner whether or not we believed - in my view - whether there's a God or not. Well let me be very clear I believe there is a God. I believe there is a God who was active in the creation process. Now, how did he do it, and when did he do it, and how long did he take? I don't honestly know, and I don't think knowing that would make me a better or a worse president.

But I'll tell you what I can tell the country. If they want a president who doesn't believe in God, there's probably plenty of choices. But if I'm selected as president of this country, they'll have one who believes in those words that God did create. And as the words of Martin Luther, "Here I stand. I can do no other." And I will not take that back.

MODERATOR Governor, but - but - (applause) - I think the specific question - the specific question is do you believe literally it was done in six days and it occurred 6,000 years ago?

LOSER No, I did answer that, Wolf. I said I don't know. My point is, I don't know; I wasn't there. (Laughter.) But I believe whether God did it in six days or whether he did it in six days that represented periods of time, he did it, and that's what's important.

But, you know, if anybody wants to believe that they are the descendants of a primate, they are certainly welcome to do it. I don't know how far they will march that back. But I believe that all of us in this room are the unique creations of a God who knows us and loves us and who created us for his own purpose.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, you - (applause) - recently elaborated on your position on this. And I wonder if you'd want to spend 30 seconds and tell our audience out there where you stand on the issue of evolution.

MODERATOR I'd be happy to. And it's interesting that we're doing this here, at St. Anselm's, who this - that saint had a philosophy of faith seeking reason. And that's the issue that's missing here, if I could highlight that point, is that I believe that we are created in the image of God for a particular purpose. And I believe that with all my heart. And I'm somebody - I've had cancer in the past. I've had a season to really look at this and study it and think about the end of life. And I am fully convinced there's a God of the universe that loves us very much and was involved in the process. How he did it, I don't know.

One of the problems we have with our society today is that we put faith and science at odds with each other. They aren't at odds with each other. If they are, check your faith or check your science. And we should have a discussion.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR And we should engage faith and reason, like Saint Anselm did.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR That's something we should do.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Brownback. (Applause.)

Senator McCain, do you believe creationism should be taught alongside evolution in the nation's schools?

WINNER No, I believe that's up to the school districts. But I think that every American should be exposed to all theories. But I can't say it more eloquently than Pastor Huckabee - Governor Huckabee just did, and I admire his description, because I hold that view.

The point is that the time before time - there's no doubt in my mind that the hand of God was in what we are today. And I do believe that we are unique, and I believe that God loves us. But I also believe that all of our children in school can be taught different views on different issues. But I leave the curricula up to the school boards.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator, for that.

Governor Romney, there was a recent poll here in New Hampshire. Ten percent said they wouldn't vote for you because you're a Mormon. And last week we saw that picture of that man who refused to shake your hand because you are a Mormon. What would you like to say to the voters out there tonight about your faith, about yourself and about God?

LOSER Well, President Kennedy some time ago said he was not a Catholic running for president; he was an American running for president. And I'm happy - a proud member of my faith.

You know, I think it's a fair question for people to ask, "What do you believe?" And I think, as you want to understand what I believe, you could recognize that the values that I have are the same values you'll find in faiths across this country.

I believe in God, believe in the Bible, believe Jesus Christ is my savior. I believe that God created man in his image. I believe that the freedoms of man derive from inalienable rights that were given to us by God. And I also believe that there are some pundits out there that are hoping that I'll distance myself from my church so that that'll help me politically, and that's not going to happen. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor, for that.

Congressman Paul, you ran for president once before as a Libertarian. What do you say about this whole issue of church and state and these issues that are coming forward right now?

LOSER Well, I think we should read the First Amendment, where it says, "Congress shall write no law." And we should write a lot less laws regarding this matter. It shouldn't be a matter of the president or the Congress. It should be local people, local officials. The state should determine so many of these things that we just don't need more laws determining religious things or prayer in school. We should allow people at the local level.

That's what the Constitution tells us. We don't need somebody in Washington telling us what we can do, because we don't have perfect knowledge. And that's the magnificence of our Constitution and our republic. We sort out the difficult problems at local levels and we don't have one case fit all, because you have a Supreme Court ruling like on Roe versus Wade; it (ruined ?) it for the whole country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER And that's why we shouldn't have it at a central level.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Let's go back to another question from Tom.

FAHEY Mayor Giuliani, sea levels around the world are rising. Average temperatures are increasing. A U.N. report written by scientists from 113 countries recently said that climate change is very likely man-made and may affect us for centuries to come.

Is science wrong on global warming? And what, if any, steps would you take as president to address the issue of climate change?

MAYORLOSER I think we have to accept the view that scientists have that there is global warming and that human operation, human condition, contributes to that. And the fact is that there is a way to deal with it and to address it in a way that we can also accomplish energy independence, which we need as a matter of national security.

It's frustrating and really dangerous for us to see money going to our enemies because we have to buy oil from certain countries. We should be supporting all the alternatives. We need a project similar to putting a man on the moon. That project started with Eisenhower. It was carried out by Kennedy and then Johnson and then Nixon. And that was two Democrats and two Republicans working - (audio difficulties) - working in the national interest.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

I want Governor Romney to weigh in as well. There's a perception, at least among some, that Republicans are - at least the Republican Party - very close to big oil. A lot of Americans are suffering now from the price of gasoline, the high price of gasoline.

What do you say to that - the audience out there who believes that there's too much of an alliance, if you will, between the big oil companies and Republicans?

LOSER Well, first of all, Rudy Giuliani is right in terms of an Apollo project to get us energy independent, and the effects of that on global warming are positive. It's a no-regrets policy. It's a great idea.

Secondly, with regards to big oil, big oil is making a lot of money right now, and I'd like to see them using that money to invest in refineries. Don't forget that when companies earn profit, that money is supposed to be reinvested in growth. And our refineries are old. Someone said to me - Matt Simons, an investment banker down in Houston, he said our refineries today are rust with paint holding them up. And we need to see these companies, if they're making that kind of money, reinvest in capital equipment.

But let's not forget, where the money is being made this year is not just - throughout these years is not just in Exxon and Shell and the major oil companies, it's in the countries that own this oil. Russia last year took in $500 billion by selling oil. Ahmadinejad, Putin, Chavez - these people are getting rich off of people buying too much oil. And that's why we have to pursue, as a strategic imperative, energy independence for America. And it takes that Apollo project. It also takes biodiesel, biofuel, ethanol -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - cellulosic ethanol, nuclear power, more drilling in ANWR. We have to be serious also about efficiency -

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER - and that's going to allow us to become energy independent.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, do you have a problem at this time with these oil companies making these huge profits?

WINNER Sure, I think we all do. And they ought to be reinvesting it. And one of the areas that they ought to be involved in is nuclear power. Nuclear power is safe, nuclear power is green - does not green - emit greenhouse gases. Nuclear power is used on Navy ships which have sailed around the world for 60 years without an accident. And of course we ought to be investing in alternate energy sources.

Recently there was a group of retired military officers who said that climate change an energy independence is a national security issue. It is. We've got to reduce our dependence on imported oil. We can do it through a wide variety of alternative fuels. But we have to be serious about it, and we're going to have to go places where we have never gone before. And nuclear power is one of the major issues, but also all kinds of ethanol as well, so.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Let me bring Congressman Paul back into this conversation. In 2005, President Bush signed an energy bill that provided billions of dollars in tax breaks, subsidies to the oil companies with the goal of boosting domestic production at a time of these record profits.

Do you believe these companies need a helping hand from the federal government?

LOSER I don't think the profits is the issue. The profits are okay if they're legitimately earned in a free market.

What I object to are subsidies to big corporations when we subsidize them and give them R&D money. I don't think that should be that way. They should take it out of the funds that they earn.

But I'm also - you can't discuss energy without discussing our foreign policy. Why - why do we go to the Middle East? You know that oil is very important about the Middle East and why we're there. Why did we, our government, help overthrow Mossadeq in 1953? It had to do with oil. So our foreign policy is designed to protect our oil interests. The profits - that's not the problem. It's the problem that we succumb to the temptation to protect oil interests by literally going out and fighting wars over oil.

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore, you agree?

LOSER I agree that if you make profits in the open marketplace that that's an appropriate thing to do. I also believe that they should be going in, putting this additional money into additional drilling, into additional exploration, but it's going to have to be bigger than that. We're going to have to in fact look to all sources ethanol, biomass, all coal, clean coal, the opportunities for natural gas, and nuclear power. And by the way, nuclear power will help this whole issue of global warming.

And one more point in direct answer to your question, the Kyoto Treaty was in fact fatally flawed. That was a treaty that in fact was going to basically just transfer money directly to Russia for nothing because they were going to get credits because simply that their economy had declined. The truth is, we're going to have to get a program in place, an international diplomatic answer that is going to include every nation of the world in this entire project, and that includes China and India. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Scott - let me bring Scott back for the next question.

SPRADLING Congressman Paul, a question for you.

Most of our closest allies, including Great Britain and Israel, allow gays and lesbians to openly serve in the military. Is it time to end "Don't ask, don't tell" policy and allow gays and lesbians to serve openly in the U.S. military?

LOSER I think the current policy is a decent policy. And the problem that we have with dealing with this subject is we see people as groups, as they belong to certain groups and that they derive their rights as belonging to groups. We don't get our rights because we're gays or women or minorities. We get our rights from our creator as individuals. So every individual should be treated the same way.

So if there is homosexual behavior in the military that is disruptive, it should be dealt with. But if there's heterosexual sexual behavior that is disruptive, it should be dealt with. So it isn't the issue of homosexuality, it's the concept and the understanding of individual rights. If we understood that, we would not be dealing with this very important problem.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, I want you to weigh in as well. (Applause.) Do you believe it's time to allow homosexuals to serve openly in the United States military?

LOSER Wolf, I think it's already covered by the Uniform Code of Military Conduct. I think that's what Congressman Paul was saying. It's about conduct, it's not about attitude.

But I'd like to ask you - you said a moment ago that you were going to all give us a chance to deal with the issue of immigration.

MODERATOR We're going to come back to that.

LOSER And I hope you'll do that.

MODERATOR We will. We'll come back to immigration.

LOSER You've held us to it; I want to hold you to it.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER So if you'll give us that opportunity.

MODERATOR You're going to come back - we're going to come back - we're going to come back to immigration.

But right now we're talking about allowing gays to serve openly in the military. But you're opposed to that.

LOSER I just said I think it's a matter - it's not - you don't punish people for their attitudes. You punish them if their behavior creates a problem. And it's already covered by the Uniform Code of Military Conduct. That's -

MODERATOR So you wouldn't change - you wouldn't change existing policy.

LOSER I - what?

MODERATOR You wouldn't change existing policy.

LOSER I don't think that I would. I think it's already covered by the existing policy that we do have, in fact.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, recently we've learned that several talented, trained linguists - Arabic speakers, Farsi speakers, Urdu speakers trained by the U.S. government to learn those languages to help us in the war on terrorism - were dismissed from the military because they announced they were gays or lesbians. Is that, in your mind, appropriate?

MAYORLOSER This is not the time to deal with disruptive issues like this. Back in 1994 we went through this and it created a tremendous amount of disruption. Colin Powell, I think, was still the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff before he left at the beginning of the Clinton administration. He came to the view that this was a good policy. And I think in time of war, in a time where we're trying to deal with this transition to a new kind of warfare that we have to be fighting - and we haven't gotten all the way there yet, we need a hybrid army, we need to look at nation-building as part of what we have to teach our military - I don't think this would be the right time to raise these issues.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER And I think we should rely on the judgment of our commanders in a situation like this. They know what's disruptive and what's not. And at a time of war, you don't make fundamental changes like this.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

Governor Romney, the mayor referred to the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy, which was implemented during the Clinton administration, after Bill Clinton became president.

In 1994 you were quoted as saying that you advocated gays being able to serve openly and honestly in our nation's military. The question to you is, do you still feel that way?

LOSER No, actually, when I first heard of the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy, I thought it sounded awfully silly. I didn't think that would be very effective. And I turned out to be wrong. It's been the policy now in the military for what, 10, 15 years, and it seems to be working. And I agree with what Mayor Giuliani said that this is not the time to put in place a major change, a social experiment, in the middle of a war going on. I wouldn't change it at this point. We can look at down the road.

But it does seem to me that we have much bigger issues as a nation we ought to be talking about than that policy right now.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you've been involved in military matters your - virtually your whole life. What do you say?

WINNER We have the best-trained, most professional, best- equipped, most efficient, most wonderful military in the history of this country, and I'm proud of every one of them. (Applause.) There just aren't enough of them. So I have to rely on our military leadership, who - in whom we place the responsibility to lead these brave young Americans in combat as we speak.

So I think it would be a terrific mistake to even reopen the issue. It is working, my friends. The policy is working. And I am convinced that that's the way we can maintain this greatest military. As much as revere the "Greatest Generation," as much as love my own generation, this is the very best. Let's not tamper with them.

MODERATOR Is there anyone here who believes gays and lesbians should be allowed to serve openly in the United States military? If you do, speak up now. (Silence.)

Scott, go ahead with your question.

SPRADLING Gentlemen, last night (sic) we asked Democrats, if they were elected, what role - would they use former President Clinton. I'm not going to ask you that. (Laughter.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

SPRADLING But Governor Thompson, I'd like to know, seeing as how you were a member of President Bush's Cabinet as Health and Human Services secretary, how would you use George W. Bush in your administration?

LOSER I certainly would not send him to the United Nations. (Laughter.)

I believe George W. Bush has tremendous characteristics. He's very honest, he's very straightforward. I would put him out on a lecture series talking to the youth of America about honesty, integrity, perseverance, passion, and serving the public. George W. Bush believes very much in public service, as does his father, as does his brothers, as does his mother. I think he could be a wonderful spokesperson making sure that young people realize that public service is a very noble cause and something that young people should aspire here, like all the young people here on this campus should also have the opportunity to serve in public life.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, same question to you. If you're elected president, what would you ask your predecessor to do?

MODERATOR Well, I would talk with him about it first and I would ask him about it. I think he would probably take a position the way his dad did, saying, you know, I think you need to have your time in the limelight, and I'll be willing to help out if you have a tragedy overseas. His father's been excellent - the tsunami that hit Sri Lanka and other places - in helping fundraising. He's been a wonderful ambassador in those sorts of situations. And frankly, I think that's the right role for an ex-president.

And I really think in many respects President Clinton has not assumed the right role of an ex-president, where he's injected himself a lot more on policy issues that haven't been appropriate, and he really should defer more to the person that's in the job. There's one person that's president at a time, and that's the way it should be.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, I see you anxious to weigh in.

MODERATOR Thank you. Some time ago, 2003 I think it was, I got a call from Karl Rove who told me that because of my criticism of the president, I should never darken the doorstep of the White House. I have been so disappointed in the president in so many ways since his - actually for the last several years, not just the immigration issue, but several other things, including the No Child Left Behind and the massive increase in government that we call prescription drug - Medicare prescription drug, that I'm afraid I would have to tell the president of the United States - I mean as president, I would have to tell George Bush exactly the same thing Karl Rove told me.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

Governor Huckabee, you served, as you reminded us, a long time as a governor, Republican governor, of Arkansas. Your old job is now in Democratic hands. Here in New Hampshire the GOP has suffered some significant losses as well, and the Republicans lost the majority in the House and the Senate, as you well know.

Simple question What's happened to the GOP?

LOSER Lost credibility because we didn't do what we were hired to do. When you're elected, you're hired to do a job. You're hired to cut spending, lower taxes, bring more government back to the local people. We did the polar opposite, and the people fired us. And I think in many ways, although there are some good people that got caught up in the tsunami of the 2006 elections, the Republican Party as a whole deserved to get beat. We've lost credibility - the way we bungled Katrina, the fact that there was corruption that was unchecked in Washington, and the fact that there was a feeling that there was not a proper handling of the Iraqi war in all of these details, and the indifference to people pouring over our borders.

And let me just add this, Wolf, there are a lot of people for whom the immigration issue is like a (lot of them ?). They see Washington not taking the kind of positions to build a fence, and they know that when they go to the airport to get on an airplane they have to show photo ID, they have to go through layers of security, and they don't understand why someone coming across an international border doesn't have to do the same thing.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

Congressman Hunter, I want to just - did he raise the issue - he raised the issue of corruption.

Do you think it would be appropriate for President Bush to pardon Lewis Scooter Libby, who was sentenced today to 30 months in prison for his role in the CIA leak case?

 HUNTER You know, I think, Wolf, to make a determination on that, you'd have to look at the transcript. I'll tell you a couple transcripts I have looked it, and that's the agents, Compean and Ramos, who were given 11 and 12 years respectively for stopping a drug dealer bringing 750 pounds of drugs across the border. I've looked at their transcript; I would pardon Compean and Ramos right now.

And let me say - (interrupted by applause) - and let me say with respect to what Mike said, we got to bring back the Reagan Democrats to this party because we need the Reagan Democrats, Republican leadership to work, and we're going to have to get a good trade bill that brings jobs back to this country.

We're going to have to stop China from cheating on trade. Build the middle class, build jobs, Wolf. That's what strengthens the Republican Party.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you, Congressman.

I just want to do a quick yes or no, and I'm going to go down the rest of the group and let everybody just tell me yes or no, would you pardon Scooter Libby?

LOSER No.

LOSER No. I'm steeped in the law. I wouldn't do that.

 HUNTER No, not without reading the transcript.

LOSER Not without reading the transcript.

WINNER He's going through an appeal process. We've got to see what happens here.

MAYORLOSER I think the sentence was way out of line. I mean, the sentence was grossly excessive in a situation in which at the beginning, the prosecutor knew who the leak was -

MODERATOR So yes or no, would you pardon him?

MAYORLOSER - and he knew a crime wasn't committed. I recommended over a thousand pardons to President Reagan when I was associate attorney general. I would see if it fit the criteria for pardon. I'd wait for the appeal. I think what the judge did today argues more in favor of a pardon -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER - because this is excessive punishment -

MODERATOR All right.

MAYORLOSER - when you consider - I've prosecuted 5,000 cases -

MODERATOR I'm trying to get a yes or no. (Laughter.)

MAYORLOSER Well, this is a very important issue. This is a very, very important - a man's life is at stake. And the reality is, this is an incomprehensible situation. They knew who the leak was -

Say, Wolf, can I explain - (off mike) -

MAYORLOSER - and ultimately, there was no underlying crime involved.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER This is one of those situations where I go back to my record as governor. I didn't pardon anybody as governor because I didn't want to overturn a jury.

But in this case, you have a prosecutor who clearly abused prosecutorial discretion by going after somebody when he already knew that the source of the leak was Richard Armitage. He'd been told that. So HE went on a political vendetta.

MODERATOR So is that a yes?

LOSER It's worth looking at that. I will study it very closely, if I'm lucky enough to be president, and I'd keep that option open.

MODERATOR Senator?

MODERATOR Yes. The basic crime here didn't happen.

MODERATOR All right.

MODERATOR What they were saying was that the identity of an agent was revealed -

MODERATOR Governor?

MODERATOR - but that agent has to be in the field for that to be a crime. That didn't occur.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Bill Clinton committed perjury in a grand jury - lost his law license. Scooter Libby got 30 months. To me, it's not fair at all. But I would make sure the appeal was done properly, and then I would examine the record.

MODERATOR Congressman?

MODERATOR Yes.

MODERATOR Yes.

All right. We heard from all of them. (Applause.)

We're ready to take - go into part two of tonight's debate right now where voters from New Hampshire will have an opportunity to ask their questions.

We have some work to do here on the stage. While we move some chairs around, move out the podiums, while we do all that - and you'll be able to see it - viewers of WMUR are going to go back to their studios.

For the rest of you, I'm going to bring in my colleagues Larry King and Anderson Cooper, part of the best political team on television, to give us a sense of this debate so far. Our debate here will resume in about three minutes.

Larry?

(Break.)

MODERATOR Thanks very much, guys.

We're now set here for our voters to ask questions, our pool of voters who are either registered Republicans or independents, but they're likely, likely to vote Republican in New Hampshire's first-in- the-nation primary. We brought them together with the help from the New Hampshire Political Library and the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. CNN producers have interviewed all of them.

Working with me in this half of the debate is Jennifer Vaughn from our partner WMUR-TV.

Jennifer, who has the first question?

VAUGHN Thank you, Wolf.

And good evening to you all tonight.

I have Erin Flanagan with me tonight.

Hi, Erin.

Q Hi, Jennifer.

VAUGHN You live in Bedford, New Hampshire.

Q I do.

VAUGHN You have a question about the war in Iraq, which is something that is deeply personal to you.

Q It is. Unfortunately, my beloved little brother, 1st Lieutenant Michael Joseph Cleary, was killed in action in Taji, Iraq, eight days before he was to return home, on December 20th of 2005. He was the best of the best, and answered the call to serve our country. My family has been devastated by the loss.

As a member of an American family who has suffered so greatly at the choices made by the current administration, I desperately would like to know what you, as commander in chief, would do, both in the halls of the American government to bring the parties together, as well as on the desert sands of the Middle East, to bring this conflict to a point at which we can safely bring our troops home.

Thank you.

VAUGHN Erin, thank you.

Congressman Hunter, let's begin with you on that.

 HUNTER Okay, absolutely. The key to leaving - and incidentally, thank you for his service. And I want to let you know - (interrupted by applause). I want you to know that my son, Duncan, the day after 9/11, joined the Marine Corps; quit his job, did two tours in Iraq. He's in Afghanistan right now.

First, I want you to know that it's worth it. (Applause.) What he did was worth it. And if we can achieve a country in Iraq that will not be a state sponsor of terrorism for the next five, to 10 to 20 years; that will be a friend, not an enemy of the United States; that will have a modicum of freedom, that is in the national interest of the United States, just like establishing a free Japan on the other side of the Pacific was in our interest after World War II, just like providing freedom and a protective shield for Salvador in Central America was in our interest.

So what I would do and what we need to do right now and we are doing is standing up the Iraqi army. There's 129 battalions of Iraqis that we've trained and equipped. We need to start moving them into the combat zones, where they displace the heavy American combat forces. Then we can pull our forces out, we can bring them home -

MODERATOR Thank you.

 HUNTER - or send them wherever Uncle Sam needs them again.

MODERATOR Thank you.

 HUNTER That's how we leave Iraq the right way.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Senator Brownback, I'd like you to weigh-in.

MODERATOR If I could, and thank you for your family's service and what your brother did. That's incredible and an incredible gift that he and your family have given us. And I think you identified the right thing. It's not about leaving and it's not about being defeated. It's about getting the situation to a point that we can turn it over to Iraqis and then us pull back from the front of the line.

That's why I'm putting forward tomorrow a bill - and this would be about a three-state solution in Iraq - a Kurdish state, a Sunni state, a Shi'a state - with Baghdad as the federal city, in a loose, weak, federated system, oil revenues equally divided, and it's a bipartisan bill. We will have bipartisan support.

We've got to pull together here to win over there.

MODERATOR Senator -

MODERATOR And we can do this together, but we haven't put yet forward, this administration, a political solution that we can like -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR - that will be long term and durable.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR That's what we've got to do.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, is that a good idea to divide up Iraq into three separate -

MODERATOR It's not divided.

MODERATOR Three states -

MODERATOR Three states, one country.

WINNER It's not, and I want to tell you, thank you for your brother's service and sacrifice to our country. We are proud of you and your endurance, and we're proud of your sacrifice.

This war - I'm going to give you a little straight talk. This war was very badly mismanaged for a long time, and Americans have made great sacrifices, some of which were unnecessary because of this management of the - mismanagement of this conflict.

I believe we have a fine general. I believe we have a strategy which can succeed, so that the sacrifice of your brother would not be in vain; that a whole 20 or 30 million people would have a chance to live a free life in an open society and practice their religion no matter what those differences are.

And I believe if we fail, it will become a center of terrorism, and we will ask more young Americans to sacrifice, as your brother did.

This is long and hard and tough, but I think we can succeed. And God bless you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

Jennifer, go ahead with your next question.

VAUGHN Cynthia Kiernan is here with us tonight.

Cynthia, you live in Merrimack, New Hampshire. You can go ahead and stand up. You brought your husband with you.

KIERNAN Yes. Michael served in Iraq. And we have a question regarding the government in Iraq. Everyone's talking about "Pull our troops out, pull our troops out." Well, considering they've lived under a dictatorship for the last 30 years or so, what are we going to do to make sure they have a government in place before we do pull our troops out and they're able to help themselves? Otherwise we're just putting them in a position to accept another terrorist leader.

VAUGHN Congressman Paul?

LOSER Well, we've had four years to do this and it hasn't worked. The biggest incentive for them to take upon themselves the responsibility is just for us to leave. We don't need to lose 100 men and women every month, more than 1,000 per year. And so you want it done. You want them to take over. You've got to give them an incentive.

So I think we should immediately stop patrolling the streets. That's a policeman's job. It's not the work of the Army. We're not fighting a military battle. We're in a different type of warfare right now. So the sooner we recognize that, the sooner we can make sure that no more Americans will die.

We have a lot of goodness in this country and we should promote it, but never through the barrel of a gun. We should do it by setting good standards, motivating people, and have them want to emulate us. But you can't enforce our goodness like the neocons preach with an armed force. It doesn't work. Woodrow Wilson was telling us about that in promoting democracy a long time ago.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER It doesn't work, and we have to admit it.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

Let me bring Mayor Giuliani in. I don't know if you consider yourself a neocon, but go ahead and respond to what Congressman Paul said.

MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) Michael, thank you very much for serving us, and thank your family for their tremendous sacrifice.

I'd like to put it in a slightly different context. I believe that your service for us and your brother's sacrifice is one of the reasons we're safe now in the United States. I believe that this terrorist war began way back in the 1970s. They attacked us in 1993 in New York. They attacked us again in 2001 in a horrible way. And I believe that what we're doing in Iraq, if we can get it right, is going to help reduce the risk for this country. And if we get it wrong, it's going to be much, much worse for us.

And part of what we have to do, and we haven't done right, is take on that responsibility of nation-building. We created that responsibility for ourselves when we overthrew Saddam Hussein, which we did very effectively. It was one of the greatest military actions in American history overthrowing Saddam Hussein.

But we didn't accomplish the second step. People can only embrace democracy when they have an orderly existence, and we have to help province that. We didn't want that role, but it is our role. We have to train our military to do it. We should probably have an Iraq stat program, in which we measure how many people are going to school, how many factories are open, how many people are going to back to work. We had to get into the nitty-gritty of putting an orderly society together in Iraq. It is not too late to do it.

And I'd just like to ask the one question I didn't get to ask before. When you said if General Petraeus comes back in September and reports that things aren't going well, what are we going to do? But suppose General Petraeus comes back in September and reports that things are going pretty well. Are we going to report that with the same amount of attention that we report the negative news? (Applause.)

MODERATOR Jennifer, go ahead.

VAUGHN Kysa Crusco is here with us tonight. Hi, Kysa.

Q Hi.

VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire. You are an attorney.

Q I am.

VAUGHN Okay. What's your question tonight?

Q My question is whether you believe that a conservative platform can also include a conservationist agenda, and if so, how.

VAUGHN Governor Gilmore.

LOSER The question was whether or not a conservative agenda can also have a conservation agenda. And I think that it can. Certainly when I was governor of the state of Virginia, we worked very hard in order to make Virginia a beautiful place and a place where we could in fact be welcoming to people and that it would be a nice community for people to visit.

But at the end of the day, this is going to come down to the question of whether or not conservatism can match up with energy independence, which is a national security issue. And it is the fundamental part of conservatism.

Conservatism means empowering people. It means cutting taxes and controlling government spending. It also means national security. And national security means a lot of different elements right - at this time. And we're discussing some of them tonight. And I can assure the people who are families here tonight, there are young people, younger men and women, who are on the battle lines, and people who are committing their lives - they are in fact serving the national interests of this country in a time of major crisis.

The other two issues, however, would also go to the issue of the immigration issue, which I want to come back to at some point, but also energy independence. And energy independence also can serve the interests of conservation, particularly if we use nuclear power and other clean forms of energy so that we can in fact make this a clean society that is also safe and secure for the nation.

MODERATOR All right. Thank you very much, Governor.

Congressman Tancredo, do you believe true conservatives should be doing more to protect the environment?

MODERATOR Yeah. The - I think that that's absolutely imperative, and I think so because frankly, you've got a conservative model to pick from. I mean, you know, Teddy Roosevelt after all put the stamp on that - the whole issue of conserving the environment, creating the national parks system. There is nothing anti- conservative about doing anything like that.

And you know what else you can do in order to foster that, you do it through conservative principles. You make it profitable for people to do exactly that - to put - to make conservation an issue that is - it hurts people in the pocketbook, or they can profit by getting involved in conservation. That's one way the free market really works perfectly. We've seen it happen all over the world.

We can see and we will put conservation to work - conservation practices to work in the United States through conservative principles. We have a lock on that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Jennifer, go ahead.

VAUGHN Good evening, sir. You are Doug Hall.

DOUG HALL Yes.

VAUGHN I understand that you're the town moderator for Chichester, New Hampshire.

HALL I am.

VAUGHN What's your question tonight?

HALL I know a business owner in northern New Hampshire who was on vacation in Spain last year for about three weeks. While he was there he had to buy refills for prescription drugs - brand-name drugs. And he discovered in buying those drugs that he could buy his refills there for $600 less than he could by them here in New Hampshire. So since then, he's said he is going to take a trip over to Spain and get his vacation paid for to buy his drugs

My question to you is, why is this? And if you are elected president, is there anything you would do to address it?

VAUGHN Mayor Giuliani?

MAYORLOSER What I would do is change the whole model that we have for health insurance in this country. The problem with our health insurance is it's government- and employer-dominated. People don't make individual choices. It's your health; you should own your health insurance. We should be giving you a major tax deduction - $15,000 for a family - so you can buy your own health insurance. If you buy health insurance for 8,000 (dollars) or 9,000 (dollars), you'll save five (thousand dollars) or $6,000 in tax-free money. Then we should have a health savings account in which you can put some money aside to pay for your ordinary medical expenses.

Health insurance should become like homeowners insurance or like car insurance You don't cover everything in your homeowners policy. If you have a slight accident in your house, if you need to refill your oil with your car, you don't cover that with insurance. But that is covered in many of the insurance policies because they're government dominated and they're employer dominated. What the Democrats suggested on this stage two nights ago was socialized medicine. There's a man in California who said to me, "When we make health insurance free, just wait and see how expensive it will become." And the reality is that we need a free market. We need 100 million Americans making different decisions that will bring down the cost of health insurance, it will bring down the cost of prescription medicines. Free-market principles are the only things that reduce cost and improve quality. Socialized medicine will ruin medicine in the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

Congressman Hunter, you live on the border, San Diego not far from Mexico. A lot of Americans go to Mexico to buy cheaper prescription drugs. A lot of Americans in this part of the country go to Canada to buy cheaper prescription drugs. What should we here in the United States be doing to bring down the price of prescription drugs?

 HUNTER And Wolf, the fabulous Grampy (sp), my father-in- law, who lives with us, is one of those people that trots down and goes through the border at Yuma and does that. So lots of Americans do that. But here's what happens. Eighty percent of the new drugs and new inventions that save our lives, that help preserve the lives of the relatives of everyone who's in this particular room right now, 80 percent of those inventions are made in the United States because we have free enterprise, where people can go out, invest, and maybe they drill three dry holes in trying to produce a good drug that will save somebody's life, then maybe they hit the jackpot and they produce something that will save people and help their health. They then recover their money in the United States, and what they have left over in terms of market, they put into the Third World. But Third World countries like Mexico could never provide the amount of money that it takes to make those inventions. Otherwise, they would.

Here's what we have to do. we need o be able to buy our health care insurance across state lines, Wolf. Right now the same single policy that can be purchased in Long Beach for $73 costs $334 in New Jersey. The states lock up the insurance industry. They won't let Americans buy across state lines just like they do everything else. If we're able to do that, we're going to bring down the cost of health insurance.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Jennifer, let's go back to another question.

VAUGHN Also on the topic of health care tonight, this is a question from our WMUR gather.com blogger, who is JoshuaMODERATORon. Joshua asks "Millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the current state of our health care system, and U.S. employers are at a disadvantage due to the high cost of health insurance.

But that is covered in many of the insurance policies because they're government dominated and they're employer dominated. What the Democrats suggested on this stage two nights ago was socialized medicine.

There's a man in California who said to me, "When we make health insurance free, just wait and see how expensive it will become." And the reality is that we need a free market. We need 100 million Americans making different decisions. It will bring down the cost of health insurance. It will bring down the cost of prescription medicines.

Free-market principles are the only things that reduce cost and improve quality. Socialized medicine will ruin medicine in the United States. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor.

Congressman Hunter, you live on the border, San Diego, not far from Mexico. A lot of Americans go to Mexico to buy cheaper prescription drugs. A lot of Americans in this part of the country go to Canada to buy cheaper prescription drugs. What should we here in the United States be doing to bring down the price of prescription drugs?

 HUNTER And Wolf, the fabulous Grampy, my father-in-law, who lives with us, is one of those people that trots down and goes through the border at Yuma and does that. So lots of Americans do that.

But here's what happens. Eighty percent of the new drugs and new inventions that save our lives, that help preserve the lives of the relatives of everyone who's in this particular room right now, 80 percent of those inventions are made in the United States because we have free enterprise, where people can go out, invest, and maybe they drill three dry holes in trying to produce a good drug that will save somebody's life, then maybe they hit the jackpot and they produce something that will save people and help their health.

They then recover their money in the United States, and what they have left over in terms of market, they put into the Third World. But Third World countries like Mexico could never provide the amount of money that it takes to make those inventions. Otherwise, they would.

Here's what we have to do. We need to be able to buy our health care insurance across state lines, Wolf. Right now the same single policy that can be purchased in Long Beach for $73 costs $334 in New Jersey. The states lock up the insurance industry. They won't let Americans buy across state lines just like they do everything else. If we're able to do that, we're going to bring down the cost of health insurance.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Jennifer, let's go back to another question.

VAUGHN Also on the topic of health care tonight, this is a question from our WMUR.gather.com blogger, who is JoshuaMODERATORon. Joshua asks "Millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the current state of our health care system, and U.S. employers are at a disadvantage due to the high cost of health insurance.

What would you do to fix the health care system? And would you support implementing a single-payer system in which the government acts as the insurer in order to save enough money to cover the millions of uninsured and to lower premiums for the rest of the U.S. population?"

Governor Thompson, let's have you weigh-in on that.

LOSER You know, I've been here for two debates. We never had one question on health care. Thank that person for talking about health care.

Number one, we spend $2 trillion on health care; that's 16 percent of the gross national product. Ninety-three percent of the cost of health care goes into waiting until after you become sick. Only 7 percent of the money is used to keep you well in the first place. We got to completely transform the health care system, make it a wellness system, and make it a prevention system.

Secondly, we have 125 million Americans that have one or more chronic illnesses. In order to change this we have to educate the American people about tobacco, about diabetes, about cardiovascular and about obesity. You do that, you'll be able to change health care.

The third thing, 25 percent of Americans use two-thirds of the cost of health care. If you manage those diseases, you can reduce that down to 50 percent and save lots of money.

Fourth, information technology - electronic medical records, a patient bill of rights, and be able to have ePrescribing, and if you do that, you're going to be able to save billions of dollars. If you just go paperless, ladies and gentlemen, you will save 10 percent of the cost of health care.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor, very much. (Applause.)

Governor Romney, you worked with the Democrats in the state legislature in your home state, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. You worked with Ted Kennedy to come up with a program that provides some - that mandates, in effect, the individual health insurance coverage. Some conservatives say this is simply big government, more liberal involvement in people's lives.

What do you say to those conservatives who are critical of the way you handled this issue in Massachusetts?

LOSER Well, I want to talk to the people, not just to those conservatives who are critical, and the people of this country recognize that they got some real concerns in health care. And I learned after I was governor a short of period of time, I talked to people, and they say, "If I lose my job, I'm worried I'll lose my insurance, and my insurance premiums are getting higher and higher and higher."

And I talked to small business people, and they said, "I can't afford the policies anymore."

And we said You know what? We got to find a way to get everybody insured. And the last thing we want is to have the government take over health care, because anything they take over gets worse, not better. We're not going to turn to Washington, because Washington makes a mess. Washington's all talk.

We said We need to find a way to get everybody in our state insured with private insurance. The half a million who didn't have insurance, all the people worried that if they lost their job, they'd lose insurance - we said we got to find a way to get them insured without raising taxes, without a government takeover, and that's what we did.

MODERATOR (Off mike.) Thank you.

LOSER It relies on personal responsibility.

This is a big issue for this country. Every Democrat up there's talking about a form of socialized medicine, government takeover, massive tax increase. We have to stand up and not just talk about it.

MODERATOR Thank you. .LOSER I'm the guy who actually tackled this issue. We get all of our citizens insured. We get people that were uninsured with private health insurance. We have to stand up and say the market works. Personal responsibility works.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER We're going to have insurance for all of our citizens they can afford, that's theirs, that's portable.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER They never have to worry about losing it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That's the answer.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)

I'm told that's not true.

MODERATOR Jennifer, go ahead.

Actually, Wolf, that's not true.

VAUGHN Thank you, Wolf.

Next question comes from you, sir. Your name is Max Latona.

Q Yes, it is.

VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire. What do you do for a living, sir?

Q I teach philosophy here at St. Anselm College.

VAUGHN What's your question tonight?

Q My question is a simple one. In your opinion, what is the most pressing moral issue facing this country today? And if you're elected president, how would you address that issue?

VAUGHN Governor Huckabee, you are an ordained minister. What is the most pressing moral issue in this country?

LOSER Well, it looks like I'm getting all the moral questions tonight, and I guess that's a good thing. (Laughter.) That's better than getting the immoral questions. (Laughter.) So I'm happy to get those.

I really believe that if you define in - a moral issue, it is our respect, our sanctity and our understanding of the value of every single human life, because that is what makes America a unique place on this planet. We value every life of an individual as if it represents the life of us all.

Many of us who are pro-life, quite frankly, I think, have made the mistake of giving people the impression that pro-life means we care intensely about people as long as that child is in the womb, but beyond the gestation period, we've not demonstrated as demonstrably as we should that we respect life at all levels, not just during pregnancy.

We shouldn't allow a child to live under a bridge or in the back seat of a car.

We shouldn't be satisfied that elderly people are being abused and neglected in nursing homes. It should never be acceptable to us that people are treated as expendable - any people. But the unique part of our country is that we elevate and we celebrate human life.

And if you look at us with the contrast of the Islamic jihadists, who would strap a bomb to the belly of their own child, march him into a crowded room, set the detonator and kill innocent people, they celebrate death, we celebrate life. It's the fundamental thing that makes us unique and it keeps us free. I pray we never, ever abandon that basic principle. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Mayor Giuliani. Mayor Giuliani. (Applause continuing.)

Mayor Giuliani, what is the most pressing moral issue in America today?

MAYORLOSER I think the governor is correct. I'd put it maybe in a slightly different way. We have great gifts in this country that come to us from God. We have a country in which we have freedom of religion, freedom of press, freedom for the individual, the right to elect our own officials. And the reality is that in some of the world, much of the world, that doesn't exist.

I think the challenge for our generation is going to be, are we able to share those gifts in an appropriate way with the rest of the world? If we can bring along the Middle East, if we can bring along those countries that are presently our enemies and get them to see the values of these ideals, if we have the moral strength to be able to explain it to them in the way Ronald Reagan was able to do with Communism, then we can - we can end up having the peace that we want.

And we should not - we should never become pessimistic about this. Remember this is the country that was at war with Vietnam just a short while ago; we're friends now.

MODERATOR All right.

MAYORLOSER This was a country that was at war with Japan, Italy and Germany a generation ago. They're some of our best friends today.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER We have great resources in this country. And watching the strength of America when we believe in the essential ideals that we have, they're not just American ideals, they come from God. And I think it's our moral obligation to find the right way to share that with the rest of the world.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mayor. (Applause.)

Congressman Paul, what's the most pressing moral issue in the United States right now?

LOSER I think it is the acceptance just recently that we now promote preemptive war. I do not believe that's part of the American tradition. We in the past have always declared war in the defense of our liberties or go to aid somebody, but now we have accepted the principle of preemptive war. We have rejected the just- war theory of Christianity. And now, tonight, we hear that we're not even willing to remove from the table a preemptive nuclear strike against a country that has done no harm to us directly and is no threat to our national security!

I mean, we have to come to our senses about this issue of war and preemption and go back to traditions and our Constitution and defend our liberties and defend our rights, but not to think that we can change the world by force of arms and to start wars. (Applause.)

That's not right. That's not right.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman.

Wolf, that's not right.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback really wants to weigh in as well.

MODERATOR Thank you, and thank you for the question from a philosopher.

I think it's a life issue clearly, and I am pro-life and I'm whole life. And one of the things I'm the most, the proudest about our party about is that we've stood for life. We've been a party that has stood for a culture of life, and it was in our platform in 1980 and it continues today.

And with that respect - and I have respect for my other colleagues - that's why I don't think we can nominate somebody that's not pro-life in this party because it is at our core. We believe that every life is beautiful, is sacred, is a child of a loving God, from natural - from conception to natural death, and that applies not only here and in the womb, it applies to somebody that's in poverty, it applies to the child in Darfur.

And that philosophy, being pro-life and whole life, is something I think can really help move us forward as a country and as a party.

MODERATOR Senator, if Rudy Giuliani got the Republican presidential nomination, would you be able to support him?

MODERATOR I - that question came up at the first debate, and I stated that this is something that we as a party have struggled with. I have great respect for the mayor. I don't think we're going to nominate somebody that's not pro-life.

MODERATOR Would you be able to support him?

MODERATOR I can support and will support the nominee of our party, but our party has stood on principles. It's a party of principles, it's not a party of personalities.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR We lose when we walk away from our principles. That's when we have trouble. And that's what the country wants us to do -

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR - is to stand for principles. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Jennifer, go ahead.

VAUGHN Next question tonight from Neil Capano. Neil, you are an airline agent.

Q Yes, I am.

VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire.

Do you have a question tonight for Governor Romney?

Q Yes, I do.

First of all, I would like to thank all of you for joining us tonight in beautiful Manchester, New Hampshire; however, my question is for Governor Romney exclusively.

You've been accused of - you've been accused of flip-flopping on immigration. Just earlier tonight, you indicated that you said that you'd want the national language of the United States to be English. However, why are you airing ads in Spanish?

VAUGHN Governor, let me also add something on this. Your campaign also provides a Spanish-speaking version of your website with your son also speaking in Spanish.

LOSER Let me make it real clear - I'm not anti-immigrant. I love immigrants. I love legal immigrants coming to our country. I'm happy to communicate to them, and I hope they vote for me.

And I'm happy to have people all over the country, and I'm going to reach out to them in any language I can to have them - have them vote for me and understand why I'm going to support making this a great land.

I'll tell you as well, I very firmly believe that we have to make sure that we enforce our borders, that we have an employment verification system, and that those people who have come here illegally do not get an advantage to become permanent residents, they do not get a special pathway. That's a mistake. That's the problem I have with the bill that - the Kennedy-McCain bill. That's a mistake, in my view.

Now, let me tell you what I think about a broader issue. We've talked tonight about all of the issues as they relate to the problems that we have, and I understand that. But we have extraordinary opportunities. What the Republican party has to stand for is more than solving problems. In the 19th century, the new frontier for us was the American West. In the 20th century, it was Europe - selling products to Europe and North America. Now Asia has come out of poverty. A billion people -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - who were steeped in poverty are coming out of poverty. They're consumers. We can sell products to them, medicines, technology -

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

LOSER - energy. We are a party of the future, and we have to stop worrying about the problems and thinking we can't deal with those. We have to focus on the future and our opportunity to make America a great place for our kids and grandkids. Thank you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Congressman Tancredo, would you advertise for your campaign in Spanish? Specifically, I'm referring to the highly publicized comment you recently made that Miami was like a third world country.

MODERATOR Right. Yeah, exactly. No, I would not advertise in Spanish. Believe me when I tell you this, English - the preservation of the English language is important for us for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is because it is what holds us together. It is the glue that keeps a country together, any country. Bilingual countries don't work, and we should not encourage it.

And even in the bill that Senator McCain is pushing, he says that he supports English-only - or official English. Doesn't go on to tell you, that of course he says that we're going to codify President Clinton's original plan, original executive order signed that said all papers produced by the government have to be in various languages. No, it is absolutely wrong. English is the language of this country, and you know what, we should not be ashamed of that. It's a good thing and it holds us all together regardless of where we come from -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR - regardless of our backgrounds, our histories, it doesn't matter. We need that thing to hold us together.

MODERATOR All right, thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)

Senator McCain, I'd like you to respond.

WINNER Well, first of all, Governor, muchas gracias. (Laughter, applause.) We need to enforce our borders. There is indeed a special path, it's especially hard, it's eight to 13 years.

My friends, we know what we're talking about is the latest wave of migrants into this country. We have to stop the illegal immigration, but we've had waves throughout our history. Hispanics is what we're talking about, a different culture, a different language, which has enriched my state where Spanish was spoken before English was.

My friends, I want you the next time you're down in Washington, D.C. to go to the Vietnam War Memorial and look at the names engraved in black granite. You'll find a whole lot of Hispanic names. When you go to Iraq or Afghanistan today, you're going to see a whole lot of people who are of Hispanic background. You're even going to meet some of the few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country, who love this country so much that they're willing to risk their lives in its service in order to accelerate their path to citizenship and enjoy the bountiful, blessed nation.

So let's from time to time remember that these are God's children. They must come into country legally, but they have enriched our culture and our nation as every generation of immigrants before them.

Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Jennifer, go ahead.

VAUGHN John Lewicke, good evening to you, sir.

Q Good evening.

VAUGHN You live in Mason, New Hampshire. What do you do?

Q I work self-employed as an electrical engineer.

VAUGHN What's your question tonight?

Q In 2006, we saw the first - the worst Republican defeat in living memory. If we do more of the same, why do we expect anything different? And I'd like to ask each of the candidates why their position is - or how their position differs from the present administration's, so that we won't see a repeat of 2006 in 2008.

VAUGHN Senator McCain, do you want to begin with this one?

WINNER Spending, spending, spending, spending, which led to corruption. We have members - former members of Congress in jail as we speak because of this earmarking. We let spending get out of control, we presided over the largest increase in the size of government since the Great Society, and our constituents and our Republicans became dispirited and disenchanted. We've got to stop the earmarking. The bridge to nowhere, the 233 miles - a $233 million bridge to an island in Alaska with 50 people on it was the tipping point.

I want to promise you, as president of the United States, I'll veto every bill that has a pork-barrel project on it, and I'll make the authors of it famous, and we'll get spending under control, and we'll stop the corruption in Washington. (Applause.)

MODERATOR If all of you will - if all of you will limit your answer to about 10 or 15 seconds.

We'll go down the line, starting with Mayor Giuliani. What has been President Bush's biggest mistake since taking office?

MAYORLOSER I would like to add to what John was saying. The thing that I would do different is I would establish accountability in Washington.

Washington is a mess, and that's one of the reasons Republicans lost. Republicans became Democrats. I would establish programs like I did in New York City, where I had to deal with a heavily Democratic city - FedStat programs to measure accountability.

MODERATOR All right.

MAYORLOSER You get what you measure. If you don't measure success, you have failure. And I turned around New York City; I can turn around Washington.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER It's going - (interrupted by applause) -

MODERATOR Go ahead, Governor.

LOSER It's going from small bore to large bore. Yes, of course it's spending, and yes we're going to have to deal with all the issues and the problems we have. But the Republican Party is a - is a party of the future and with a vision.

Ronald Reagan had a vision for where he was going to take America. We have to once again take people forward, and that vision is the new frontier of the 21st century.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER Our products and services can lead the world.

MODERATOR Senator?

MODERATOR Spending. But it's bigger than that; it's hope and ideas.

And I want one I put - I want - I have one I want to put on the line here taking on cancer and deaths by cancer, and ending deaths by cancer in 10 years. The leading cause of fear in America today is that you'll get cancer, and this is one that's actually within our reach -

MODERATOR All right. The -

MODERATOR - and it's something I think we can go at and we should go at, and it touches a lot of Americans.

MODERATOR The question is what - what's President Bush's biggest mistake over these past several years?

LOSER Because we went to Washington to change Washington and Washington changed us. We didn't come up with new ideas. We got to transform health care. We got to wind - we got to wind down the war in Iraq. We got to make sure that we really are conservatives.

If we're going to spend money like - as foolishly and as stupidly as the Democrats, the voters are going to vote for the professional spending, the Democrat -

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER - not the amateur spender, the Republican. (Laughter, applause.)

MODERATOR Congressman?

MODERATOR The biggest problem, I think, in this administration has been the fact that he ran - the president ran as a conservative and governed as a liberal.

That is what has really been the basis, I think, of the distrust that has developed among the Republican base. It's well-founded. We have to do something about that.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Congressman Paul.

LOSER The president ran on a program of a humble foreign policy, no nation-building, and no policing of the world. And he changed his tune, and now we are fighting a war, and our foreign operations around the world to maintain our empire is now approaching $1 trillion a year.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That's where the money's going, and that's where it has to be cut so we can take care of education and medical cares that are needed here in this country. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore.

LOSER Wolf, let me answer the question. Principle is the difference. The Republicans have always been a party of principle, and when we deviate from that, the people of the United States remember.

Let me say this. Number one, on the issue of immigration, it violates the principle of the rule of law, and if we pass this bill and support it as Republicans, we will lose again.

Spending - if we continue to earmark and spend and spend -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - we will be violating our principles.

And finally on taxes, the president has a pretty good tax program, as a matter of fact, that's not only helped the economy but helped regular people. And Hillary Clinton is wrong -

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER - when she says that we should eliminate those tax cuts. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Thank you.

Congressman?

 HUNTER You know, Wolf, when my son returned from Fallujah, he wrote these words, he said, "Families lift our nation up. They provide us with fidelity, morality, faith in God, and raising the next generation of Americans."

The Republican party has to reunite with the American family and pass policies that are constant with the American family, then we'll be a great party again.

MODERATOR Governor.

LOSER I think the people of America are pretty smart, and the fact is they know that if they have excessive taxation and a tax system that literally steps on their head, and they have a regulation system that makes it very difficult for our businesses to compete, and then we've got a system of immigration that we don't have confidence in, and in addition to that, we have litigation that makes it very difficult for our businesses to be able to operate in a free enterprise system, the result is a job migration. And if you ask what the president's problem was, it's a lack of communication to be able to really help us understand what those problems were and how we needed to solve them.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That's what we need to do.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Let's go back to Jennifer.

VAUGHN Erin Gardner's here with us tonight. Erin, you live in the Gate City, Nashua, New Hampshire.

Q Yes, I do.

VAUGHN What is your question tonight?

Q With regards to illegal and legal immigration, in your opinion, what does it mean to be an American? What are the tangible and intangible attributes of an American?

VAUGHN Congressman Tancredo.

MODERATOR It means, number one, cut from the past. If you come here as an immigrant, great. Welcome. If you come here legally, welcome. It means you cut your ties with the past, familial - especially political ties with the country from which you came.

But let's be serious about this, you guys. We talk about all the immigration reform we want, and what it's got to get down to is this Are we ready for a timeout? Are we actually ready to say, "Enough is enough"? We have to stop all legal immigration except for the - for people coming into this country as family members, immediate family members, and/or refugees. Are we willing to actually say that and say enough - is it - we have got to actually begin the process of assimilating people who have come in this great wave of immigration. The process of assimilation is not going on.

And how long? How long will it take us for that - for us to catch up with the millions of people who have come here, both legally and illegally, and assimilate them? I'll tell you this. It'll take this long until we no longer have to press 1 for English and 2 for any other language. (Applause.)

MODERATOR I promised, Governor Huckabee, you'd have a chance to weigh in on this immigration issue. Do you agree with Congressman Tancredo that the U.S. should effectively end most legal immigration into the country?

LOSER No, I disagree with that. I think that there are a number of people that we should welcome into this country. And it's - certainly engineers and doctors and scientists that we may need legally coming here.

What we need to do is to have a border that is sealed and the same kind of process that we have to go through if we go into a stadium. We go in one at a time and we have a ticket. That's the only thing I think Americans really are asking us for is a sane, sensible system that's based on the idea that if you come here, that you come here through the same process that we would be expected to go through if we went to another country, which is not happening today.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, are you comfortable with what Congressman Tancredo says about immigration to this country?

MAYORLOSER No, I'm very uncomfortable with it. I mean, the reality is, it's one thing to be debating illegal immigration. It's a very complex subject. I think we've had a very good debate about it. And I think the bill needs to be fixed in the way that I've indicated. But we shouldn't be having a debate about legal immigration.

Abraham Lincoln defined what an American is better than I'm going to be able to do it or Congressman Tancredo or anyone on the stage. Abraham Lincoln, who fought the know-nothing movement, said being an American is not whether you came over on the Mayflower or you came here yesterday. How much do you believe in freedom? How much do you believe in freedom of religion? How much do you believe in freedom for women? How much do you believe in the right to vote? How much do you believe in the rule of law?

The person who believes in that the most is the best American, and the person who doesn't isn't an American.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER That's Abraham Lincoln's words. We should always be open to legal immigration. It reforms us. It makes us better. It brings us people who want to make a better life for themselves -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER - and their families. If we lose that, we lose the genius that has made America what it is.

MODERATOR I'm going to go back to Jennifer in a second. (Applause.) But I want Senator McCain to respond as well. When you hear what Congressman Tancredo says, what goes through your mind?

WINNER It's beyond my realm of thinking. Look, America is the land of opportunity. The question was just asked, "What is it to be an American?" It's to share a common goal that all of us - a principle - are created equal and endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights.

That means we go as far as our ambition will take us. That means we have a better life for ourselves and our children. And the lady that holds her lamp beside the golden door is still the ideal and the dream. Of course it has to be legal. Of course it has to be regulated. And 18 months, by the way, will go by while we fix the border before we do anything else on this issue.

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER But America is still the land of opportunity and it is a beacon of hope and liberty, and as Ronald Reagan said, a shining city on a hill. And we're not going to erect barriers and fences.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Let me go back to Jennifer. Go ahead, Jennifer.

VAUGHN Carolyn Gargasz, you're here with us tonight. You're a state legislator. What is your hometown?

CAROLYN GARGASZ Hollis.

VAUGHN And what's your question?

GARGASZ What would you do to include moderate Republicans and to bring back to the party those independents who were formerly registered Republicans?

VAUGHN Governor Gilmore - speaking of you.

LOSER Glad to. When I was a candidate for governor, I was told that a conservative couldn't appeal to moderate areas in the state of Virginia. And I rejected that because I believe that conservatism still stands for all people, it stands for everyone. And it goes to this question that my colleagues were talking about, what's an American. An American is someone who's noble, someone who's greater than just themselves and their own personal interests, and someone the rest of the world can look up to, and someone who believes in liberty and freedom.

And when I ran for governor, I went to the moderate communities and said Listen, we're going to talk about empowering people. We're going to talk about giving back more tax money. We're going to talk about the value that is yours around the kitchen table to decide where your child's going to go to school or whether or not you can pay the tuitions, or whether you can pay the mortgages. And you earned this money and you - we understand very well that you have to pay taxes, but we also understand the value of every single person and as a taxpayer.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

Wolf, can I -

MODERATOR Hold on one second.

Congressman Hunter, I want you to weigh in because Arnold Schwarzenegger, your governor in California, has become very popular out there by bringing in independents and moderates and trying to forge a consensus among Republicans and Democrats in your state. Shouldn't the GOP nationally be following that Arnold Schwarzenegger example in California?

 HUNTER No. (Laughter.) And let me just say, you know, I look at Governor Romney, Mayor Giuliani, my good friend John McCain. Governor Romney joined with Bill Clinton for the 1994 gun ban when I was fighting that. Mayor Giuliani stood with him at the White House on that. Governor Romney has passed what I consider to be a major step toward socialism with respect to his mandated health care bill. John McCain is standing strong with Ted Kennedy on this Kennedy- McCain-Bush border enforcement bill.

I think the guy who's got the most influence right here with these three gentlemen is Ted Kennedy. And I think we need to move away from the Kennedy Wing of the Republican Party. (Applause.)

MODERATOR All right. I got to let all three of them respond. Governor Romney, go ahead. Go ahead first. But do it very briefly.

LOSER The model for how the Republican Party wins, and wins moderates, Democrats, Independents, conservatives, is who? Ronald Reagan. He did it.

Ronald Reagan won in Massachusetts both times he ran. How did he do that? He had a stool he sat on that had three legs. One was a strong military; and today a strong military needs more troops, more funding to make sure that our troops are cared for in the battlefield with the equipment they need, and our veterans receive the care they need when they get home.

MODERATOR Thanks.

LOSER Strong military, strong economy, keeping our taxes down, and strong families and strong family values.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That's the stool with all three legs.

MODERATOR Mayor -

LOSER And one more thing, optimism and a vision for the future.

MODERATOR Thank you. (Applause.)

Mayor Giuliani, I want you to respond specifically to what we've heard from Congressman Hunter.

MAYORLOSER I think, ma'am, the way to accomplish what you want is to nominate me. (Laughter.) That would be the way to do it. And I think the Republican Party can unite around two major principles that are bigger than all of us being on offense against terrorism, unlike the Democrats, who are on defense against terrorism, and you saw that two nights ago here. They couldn't even utter the word(s) "Islamic terrorism." It's our biggest enemy. They couldn't utter it. We need somebody who can stand up to that.

And second, someone who will be on offense for a growth economy. Fight this impulse to raise taxes, do socialized medicine -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER - put everything in government. Those are the two big principles that unite us and make us a majority party -

MODERATOR Thank you.

MAYORLOSER - and we have to respect some of our differences. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER Protect the family, that's one of the questions earlier. Protect our American family, it's under assault in many respects, as we all know. And second, take the lead in fighting this transcendent issue of our time the battle and struggle against radical Islamic extremism. It is a force of evil that is within our shores. Look at the events of the last few days at JFK, attempts at Fort Dix, the London suicide bombers.

My friends, this is a transcendent struggle between good and evil. Everything we stand for and believe in is at stake here. We can win. We will never surrender, they will. I am prepared to lead. My life and my experience and my background and my heroes inspire me and qualify me to lead in this titanic struggle which will not be over soon, but we will prevail.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

Thanks to all of you for joining us. This - unfortunately, it's time for us to say good-bye for the second part of this debate. It brings the end of our debate here.

Please to be sure to join us for our next debate. That will occur on July 23rd from Charleston, South Carolina. It promises to be a revolutionary approach to campaign debates, in partnership with YouTube and Google. You're going to want to see this.

Our thanks once again to Saint Anselm College here in Manchester, and to our partners, WMUR-TV and the New Hampshire Union Leader.

Participants Senator Sam Brownback; former Virginia Governor James Gilmore; former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani; Represenatative Duncan Hunter; former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee; Senator John McCain (R-AZ); Representative Ron Paul; former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney; Represenatative Tom Tancredo; and former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson. Moderated by Fox News Channel's Brit Hume and Chris Wallace.

MODERATOR And here now is the format for this debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute each. If we decide rebuttal time is needed, that will be 30 seconds. We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time, and if an answer runs long, candidates, and possibly much of the world, will hear this sound (A bell rings.) (Laughter.)

We ask the audience please to limit applause during the question and answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as we can to the candidates themselves.

We want to note that many of the campaigns and the candidates have issued statements of regret and condolence over the death of the Reverend Jerry Falwell today, so we will not be seeking any more reaction from the candidates on that matter during the debate.

Now, to start to the questioning, my colleague Chris Wallace.

Chris.

MODERATOR Thank you, Brit.

Gentlemen, good evening. Let's start with the war in Iraq.

Senator McCain, you say that you are willing to be the last man standing for U.S. involvement in Iraq. But the Iraqi government has failed to meet one political benchmark after another for political reform. Why should Americans continue to fight and die while Iraqi politicians continue to do so little?

WINNER We have to continue because it's not just the Iraqi vital national security interests that are at stake here, it's America's vital national security interests. If we fail in Iraq, we will see Iraq become a center for al Qaeda, chaos, genocide in the region, and they'll follow us home.

After we lost the war in Vietnam, we came home, they didn't follow us home. You read Zarqawi, you read bin Laden, you read al Qaeda, they'll tell you they want to follow us home.

I believe we have a new strategy and a good strategy. Only four of the five brigades that are -- that we need to implement the strategy are there.

It's long, it's hard, it's tough, it's difficult. Americans are frustrated because of the mishandling of this war. But our national interests -- the United States' national interests are at stake. I believe the Maliki government has got to improve. They've got to pass certain laws that we all know about. But we must succeed, and we cannot fail, and I will be the last man standing if necessary.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, in the last debate, you said that you would, quote, "Require the Maliki government to vote on whether or not they want us to continue to stay in Iraq." You said that you would, quote, "Require the 18 provinces to elect governments and that you would split oil revenues."

This is a freely elected government, sir. How can you require them to do anything?

LOSER There is no question that the al-Maliki government needs to step up and do what is right. The United States government has been there for four years. We've lost many individuals -- 3,400 individuals as of today, and it's time for the al-Maliki to vote whether or not they want us in the fifth year to stay in their country or whether or not they want us to go home.

Secondly, if in fact they do allow the 18 territories, which, geographically defined, allow them to elect their leaders like we elect the 50 governors and 50 legislatures in the United States, they will elect individuals that they would feel -- are comfortable with them, that they are -- feel that they have a stake in their government.

And if you split the oil revenues -- one-third to the federal government, one-third to the territories, and one-third to every man, woman and child -- every man, woman and child will feel they have a stake in their government, stake in their country, and they'll start using that money for peace and for building businesses and making sure they build their country. That's why my plan will work, and it will win the peace in Iraq.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, can you foresee any circumstances under which you would pull out of Iraq without leaving behind a stable political and security situation?

LOSER Well, I'm certainly not going to project failure, and those kind of circumstances that you would suggest would be projecting failure.

It is critical for us to remember that Iraq has to be considered in the context of what's happening in the Middle East and throughout the world. There is a global jihadist effort. Violent, radical jihadists want to replace all the governments of the moderate Islamic states, replace them with a caliphate. And to do that, they also want to bring down the West, in particular us.

And they've come together as Shi'a and Sunni and Hezbollah and Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood and al Qaeda with that intent. We have to recognize that what we're doing in Iraq has enormous impact on what's going to happen in this global struggle, and that's why it's important for us to understand that if we were to just walk out precipitously, we could conceivably see the border with Turkey be destabilized by virtue of the Kurdish effort, we could have the Iranians take over the Shi'a south, and perhaps most frightening, you could have al Qaeda play a dominant role among the Sunnis and then have a setting where you'd have something far worse than Afghanistan on their hands.

And so we recognize that it's critical for us to provide the stability to allow a central government to survive and thrive.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, when President Bush announced the troop surge, you opposed it and said that instead you favored the Iraq Study Group, which has a goal of getting all U.S. combat forces out by March of next year. You said that you wanted to find a way for Republicans and Democrats to work together.

Question Is that any way to fight and win a war, to look for a consensus among the politicians in Washington?

MODERATOR I think we've got to pull together here to win over there, and Chris, I think it is a way for us to pull forward. I mean, we've got far too many divisions in this government here.

And we will win if we can pull together, and we can win the war. And I think as well, if you look at it, it's difficult for democracy and particularly for the United States, for us to win with one party for the war and one party against the war.

And I condemn the statements of Harry Reid, the majority leader of the Senate, saying we've already lost. We haven't lost. That's his declaration, but we've got to pull people together here. And when we can do that, and when we do that, we will win.

The other thing we have to do -- a much more aggressive political solution on the ground in Iraq. That has to take place, and that's why I've been pushing a three-state, one-country solution where you have a Sunni region, a Shi'a region and a Kurdish state that already exists, within a weak federation. That form of political solution aggressively pushed there, without Iraqi politicians going home for the summer but then working through these difficult political problems, can get a solid political solution on the ground there as we pull together to win here.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, in our interview the other day you said that congressional Republicans who say they must see progress by September are, quote, "fundamentally irresponsible," and that in effect they are giving a timetable for retreat to our enemies.

Is your commitment to winning in Iraq open-ended?

LOSER First of all, that isn't exactly what I said. I was talking about the timetable for retreat that the Democrats passed in Congress, in which they did something extraordinary and that I've never heard of in the history of war, which is to give your enemy a schedule of how a retreating army is going to retreat. That was irresponsible, highly irresponsible.

What the Republicans did, or suggested, I don't think is the right approach either.

And I think Senator McCain is correct, these people do want to follow us here and they have followed us here. Fort Dix happened a week ago. That was a situation in which six Islamic terrorists, who were not directed by al Qaeda but claimed to have been inspired by them, were going to kill our military in cold blood at Fort Dix. It was a 16-month investigation done by the FBI and the United States Attorney's Office, and thank God they caught them.

But we have to remind ourselves that we are facing an enemy that is planning all over this world, and it turns out planning inside our country, to come here and kill us. And the worst thing to do in the face of that is to show them weakness.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, you are one of those congressional Republicans who talks about disengaging -- the word you use -- from Iraq.

MODERATOR Yes.

MODERATOR You opposed the troop surge. You have talked about November as a timeframe for beginning to pull some of our troops back from the frontlines. Are you in effect giving our enemies a timetable for retreat?

MODERATOR I think that we have to understand that we are going to be in Iraq or at least in the region for a long time. Our national interests dictate that. We are not going to be removing our troops from the area. We can't, for all the reasons that have been identified here.

The question is, in what capacity we will be there and what capacity those troops will be there? Will they be a constabulary force, which I do not believe they should be? Will they be a supporting force for the Iraqi government and for the Iraqi forces themselves, which I believe they should be?

The president is the one, in his state of the war message to the nation, that said, "I am establishing a benchmark of November," he said, "and by November, the Iraqi government will be in control of all 18 provinces of Iraq." I believe that that is a good benchmark to set. I will support him in that effort, and I will support our troops while they are in the field in every single way I can. That is my responsibility as a member of Congress, by the way. It is not to general the war, it is not to micromanage it, it is to support the troops that are in harm's way.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, you're one of six House Republicans who back in 2002 voted against authorizing President Bush to use force in Iraq.

LOSER Right.

MODERATOR Now you say we should pull our troops out. A recent poll found that 77 percent of Republicans disapprove of the idea of setting a timetable for withdrawal. Are you running for the nomination of the wrong party? (Scattered laughter.)

LOSER But you have to realize that the base of the Republican Party shrunk last year because of the war issue. So that percentage represents less people. If you look at 65 to 70 percent of the American people, they want us out of there. They want the war over.

In 19- -- 2002, I offerer an amendment to International Relations to declare war, up or down, and it was -- nobody voted for the war. And my argument there was, if we want to go to war, and if we should go to war, the Congress should declare it. We don't go to war like we did in Vietnam and Korea, because the wars never end. And I argued the case and made the point that it would be a quagmire if we go in.

Ronald Reagan in 1983 sent Marines into Lebanon, and he said he would never turn tail and run. A few months later, the Marines were killed, 241 were killed, and the Marines were taken out. And Reagan addressed this subject in his memoirs. And he says, "I said I would never turn tail and run." He says, "But I never realized the irrationality of Middle Eastern politics," and he changed his policy there.

We need the courage of a Ronald Reagan.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, you talk about standing up the Iraqi military and that at some point soon they may be able to replace some American troops. Now the Bush administration has been saying this, the same thing for basically four -- more than four years, and we now have as many troops in Iraq, U.S. troops in Iraq, as we did when we invaded the country.

Why should we believe that this replacement is going to start happening any time soon?

 HUNTER Well, Chris, because the Iraqi forces that were running a couple of years ago in places like Fallujah are standing and fighting. We've got to get all 129 Iraqi battalions into a three- or four-month military operation -- most of them have been in there by now -- and then we rotate them into the battlefield and we rotate out the American heavy combat forces.

But you've hit the nail on the head. One of us is going to be a commander in chief in a few months with a tough military operation and situation to deal with. I've been the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years. I served in uniform in Vietnam -- didn't do anything special, but I served. My son has done two tours in Iraq. I can look at the American people and say, we are in this together, and I think the other guys ought to lay out their credentials to be commander in chief.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you said in the last debate that President Bush made a mistake listening too much to civilians in suits and silk ties and not enough to the generals with mud and blood on their boots, especially when it came to how many troops were needed to stabilize the situation in Iraq.

If the generals were to come to you as president and say, we don't have enough troops there; we need, let's say, 300,000, would you be open to significantly increasing our presence in Iraq?

LOSER A president had better be open to listening to the generals who are going to lead people into battle and put their lives on the line. That's one of the problems we face now, Chris. We listen to the diplomats; we listen to the civilians; we listen to the people running the Defense Department -- more worried about the budget than worried about the blood that might be spilled by our own kids.

That's why I think it's critical that if you're going to be commander-in-chief, you make tough decisions. But you'd better get the best advice that you possibly can get. And that advice comes from the people who have earned the right to say to the president, Mr. President, this is what it's going to take to do the job right.

There's an old saying in the South that I'm sure people in South Carolina are familiar with. "It takes more money to do it over than it does to do it right." We're now seeing that in the United States. We're doing a lot of things over. Maybe we should have just done it right.

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore, we have an internet question for you from Harry from Boston, who says, we should look ahead to the threat from Iran. He asked, quote, "What would you do to resolve this nuclear issue? And will you launch a pre-emptive strike if they were close to achieving a weapon?"

LOSER Well, I appreciate the question about Iran, because I think it is one of the real emerging problems. And you have to look at this Middle East issue beyond just the Iraq issue.

You have to look at all the complexities of Israel and Palestine and Iran and Iraq and the entire issue of the Middle East.

With respect to Iran, I think that there is no choice at this point other than to join up with people across the world in order to put on serious mandatory sanctions against Iran and to do everything that is going to be necessary to try to bring them to the notion that it is better for them to give up this sort of plan rather than to proceed the way we are.

However, I think that we have to have an honest discussion with the American people about this. We have to ask ourselves this question Are we prepared to have Iran have a nuclear weapon? What will be the consequences of that when Saudi Arabia says, "The people on the other side have got a nuclear weapon, we have to have a nuclear weapon." What if they go to Pakistan and ask for assistance in that? What about Egypt? And I think the American people have to at some point come to a real serious conclusion about the tough decision that has to be made when we may have to in fact strike.

MODERATOR Governor, thank you.

Wendell Goler has the second round of questions.

Wendell.

WENDELL GOLER (Fox News) Gentlemen, we have a series of questions on the economy, the budget, taxes and entitlements. And I have one for each of you, starting with you, Governor Romney.

Your critics have called you "flip-flop Mitt" for, among other things, your decision to take the "no new taxes" pledge this year after refusing to do so in 2002. Tell me why your decision to take the pledge shouldn't be seen as a blatant appeal to the party base, sir?

LOSER I want to make it very clear that I'm not going to raise taxes.

As governor of Massachusetts, I made it very clear there, and I did not raise taxes. We faced a huge budget gap, and I went in and said, you know, what? I know some people want to raise taxes, but that's going to hurt working families and scare away jobs. I recognize that raising taxes could also lead to a slowdown in our economy, and so we didn't do it. We balanced our budget, and that's exactly what I'll do with the federal government.

They key thing you have to consider, as you look at what's happening in the federal government, is that Washington is broken. We need to have fundamental change in the way business in Washington is carried out. What that means is we're going to have to have leadership that can reorganize the government. We're going to have about 40 percent of the government employees turn over in the next couple of terms. And if we can -- we can reduce the employment there, but more importantly, is to go through all the agencies, all the departments, all the programs and cut out the unnecessary and the wasteful.

We're also going to have to do something we talk about on in Iraq. We all talked about benchmarks. Well, how about benchmarks in Washington? Let's lay out what we're going to get done, and instead of just talking about the same old same old, let's streamline and make Washington more efficient.

GOLER Senator McCain, you opposed President Bush's 2001 tax cuts. Now you say you were wrong. How can you convince Republican voters you will push a Democratic Congress hard enough to make those tax cuts permanent, sir?

WINNER Well, first of all, I didn't say that I was wrong. I said that the reason why I opposed those tax cuts was because we didn't rein in spending.

And the fact is the tax cuts have dramatically increased revenues. If we don't make them permanent, then every business, farm and family in America will have to adjust their budgets to what is in effect a tax increase.

In 2001, I proposed massive tax cuts, but I also proposed to rein in spending. Spending is out of control. We didn't lose the 2006 election because of the war in Iraq; we lost it because we in the Republican Party came to Washington to change government and government changed us. We let spending go out of control. We spent money like a drunken sailor, although I never knew a sailor drunk or sober with the imagination of my colleagues. By the way, I received -- (laughter) -- I received an e-mail not long ago from a fellow who said -- I repeat this story -- "As a former drunken sailor, I resent the way that Congress continues being compared to members of Congress." (Laughter, applause.)

GOLER Governor Huckabee, the alternative minimum tax caught 4 million people this year; it'll get 23 million next year unless Congress acts. How would you eliminate the tax without raising the budget deficit, sir?

LOSER Well, the simplest way is an active fair tax. That's the first thing I'd love to do as president, put a "Going Out of Business" sign on the Internal Revenue Service and stop the $10 billion a year that it costs just for them to operate.

If we had a fair tax, it would eliminate not just the alternative minimum tax, personal income tax, corporate tax, it would eliminate all the various taxes that are hidden in our system, and Americans don't realize what they're paying.

It wouldn't be a revenue increase or a revenue decrease, revenue neutral. But it also enables people at the lowest end of the economic spectrum to have a chance to reach the next rung on the ladder. It's the best proposal that we ought to have, because it's flatter, it's fairer, it's finite, it's family-friendly.

And instead what we've done is what Senator McCain has suggested. We've had Congress that's spent money like Edwards at a beauty shop. (Laughter.) And it's high time that we have a different kind of tax structure, and the fair tax would get us there.

 (Off mike) -- a better one. (Laughter continues.)

(Cheers, applause.)

GOLER Mayor Giuliani --

LOSER Yes.

GOLER -- you get the credit for killing the line-item veto. You fought and won when it pinched New York. And yet in your administration, spending for the city rose even before 9/11, after which it soared. Show me where you exercise fiscal discipline, sir.

LOSER Well, as the Club for Growth pointed out yesterday in the report they did on me, I ran probably one of the most fiscally conservative governments in the last 30 or 40 years. Spending actually decreased in comparison to the increase in population and inflation. Spending in New York City decreased more than just about any other state, considerably less than the federal government, while I was the mayor.

I lowered taxes 23 times. And I'd have to point out to you, Wendell, I did it in a place where it's real hard to do it. If you can lower spending in New York City, Washington is easier than New York City to deal with!

And finally, I put controls on every one of the city agencies, which is what I would do in Washington. I'd do Reagan-like across- the-board budget cuts 5 to 20 percent. And there's a great opportunity that we have coming up. About 50 percent, just about 50 percent of the federal employees are going to retire in the next 10 years, during the term of, maybe, one of us. And we have the opportunity of not refilling all those positions. And I would pledge not to refill 50 percent of them.

GOLER Senator Brownback, gasoline prices headed north again. Should Americans resign themselves to living with $3.50, $4, $5 a gallon gasoline?

MODERATOR Absolutely not.

GOLER How would you prevent that, sir?

MODERATOR How I'd prevent that is us getting more supply in the system through biofuels for one thing, like ethanol from Kansas or maybe Iowa would be a nice state, too, for it to come from -- (laughter) -- biodiesel. Us being able to drill more at home here in the United States, and we can do this in places like ANWR safely, environmentally sound, but get the supply up here.

And, we have to in the future work on more conservation here. My family, we have a hybrid car. In that car you can get up to 42, 43 miles to the gallon.

Now my 17-year-old daughter does about 25 on it, so it does matter how you drive it.

But the point of it is, is you can do better, and we can do better. And we can do this through technology, and we can do this through increasing supply here. And by that mixture we can become energy-secure in North America in 15 years, which I think should be one of our key objectives, so that we're not held hostage to a guy like Chavez in Venezuela or Ahmadinejad in Iran. We can do better, and we need to do better than $4-a-gallon gasoline.

GOLER Governor Thompson, Brian from Fort Wayne asks this question via the internet, a question about controlling government spending. Some of your critics say you lack fiscal discipline. Tell me three federal programs you consider wasteful and would eliminate.

LOSER Well, first off, you've got to realize where I come from. I'm the only candidate up here that has over 1,900 vetoes. I've had more vetoes than all of the candidates on the both the Republican and Democratic side. I've reduced taxes by 16-and-a-half billion dollars when I was governor of the state of Wisconsin, and I've reduced spending. And I also cut taxes wherever I possibly could.

There are several programs that need to be cut in Washington, several of those in my former department. I would first make every agency come in with a budget at 95 percent of last year's budget and one at 100 percent.

And you will be able to use that category and that exercise in order to reduce budgets all across the line. There are many ways to do it, and there are so many programs that need to be reduced and eliminated; because what happens in Washington, Wendell, is that programs get started, nobody ever supervises those or looks at them and tries to find ways to eliminate them. But there are many departments that could absolutely have programs that could be eliminated.

GOLER Governor, I didn't hear three programs. Can you tell me one?

LOSER Well, the first one I would eliminate is a program in the Department of Health and Human Services in CDC that deals with the stockpile. The stockpile does a great job, but there are some inefficiencies there that we're able to make some efficiencies and make some changes in that would eliminate that program.

GOLER Congressman Paul, can you do better than that, sir?

LOSER I'd start with the departments -- the Department of Education, the Department of Energy, Department of Homeland Security. We've started with -- we've just -- the Republicans put in the Department of Homeland -- it's a monstrous type of bureaucracy. It was supposed to be streamlining our security and it's unmanageable. I mean, just think of the efficiency of FEMA in its efforts to take care of the floods and the hurricanes.

So yes, there's a lot of things that we can cut, but we can't cut anything until we change our philosophy about what government should do. If you think that we can continue to police the world and spend hundreds of billions of dollars overseas, and spend hundreds of billions of dollars running a welfare state, an entitlement system that has accumulated $60 trillion worth of obligations, and think that we can run the economy this way; we spend so much money now that we have to borrow nearly $3 billion a day from foreigners to take care of our consumption, and we can't afford that.

We can't afford it in the government, we can't afford it as a nation.

So tax reform should come, but spending cuts have to come by changing our attitude what government ought to be doing for us.

GOLER You would eliminate the Department of Homeland Security in the midst of a war, sir?

LOSER Well, I think we should not go to more bureaucracy. It didn't work. We were spending $40 billion on security prior to 9/11, and they had all the information they needed there to deal with the threat, and it was inefficiency. So what do we do? We add a gigantic bureaucracy, which they're still working on trying to put it together, and a tremendous amount of increase in funds.

So I don't think that the Republican position ought to be more bureaucracy. I mean, why did we double the size of the Department of Education?

(Bell rings.)

GOLER Governor Gilmore, in the next president's term, baby boomers will retire, the costs of Social Security and Medicare will soar, sir. Tell me whether you'd be willing to reduce benefits even for wealthy Americans in order to avoid raising payroll taxes?

LOSER Well, Wendell, one thing's for sure, and that is that we have developed a whole system, Social Security, of all these entitlement systems that are going to eat up the ability of the taxpayer to be able to pay for them. So we're going to have to address with the American people exactly what these programs are like and how we can put a cap on these in such a way that we're going to be able to pay for them and create a culture of independence in this country so people can provide for themselves through education and entrepreneurship in a way that liberates them for this.

But I want to talk to you a minute also about cutting taxes. I cut taxes when I was governor. I've been a consistent conservative my entire life. I think that the people in the audience and the people at home believe that conservatism is best. But I want to tell you, Wendell, I looked back at the California debates, and I think that some of the people on this stage were very liberal in characterizing themselves as conservatives, particularly on the issues of abortion and taxes and health care.

GOLER Who, sir?

LOSER And I want to say -- well, let me to say to you that in this forum, it's very difficult to single people out. But I will say this -- we're going to talk about it on my website tomorrow, gilmoreforpresident.com, and a blog from New Jersey tomorrow night.

GOLER Congressman Hunter, virtually all U.S. exporters want access to China's huge market. You have said that you would deal with the enormous trade deficit this country has with that country. Tell me how you'd do it and how fast.

 HUNTER Yeah, very simple. China is cheating on trade. They devalue their currency by 40 percent.

That undercuts the American markets, wipes American products off the shelf not only here but around the world. And the latest study I've seen shows that we've lost 1.8 million jobs in the United States, high-paying manufacturing jobs, to China, 27,000 jobs lost in South Carolina alone. I would enforce the law with China, the trade rules with China.

And the other thing I would do is, I would zero the manufacturing tax on American manufacturers. Our guys are down right now. They've been buffetted by these unfair trade practices. Let's bring back the American industrial base, and that's important for national security as well.

That means we'll be able to have -- you know, I sent out my teams a couple years ago when our guys were getting hurt by roadside bombs. We found only one company left in America that could still make high- grade armor steel plate. The arsenal of democracy is leaving these shores. We need to bring it back. I'll do that.

GOLER Congressman Tancredo, there's a lot of talk about the budget deficit and reducing that. But interest on the national debt is $400 billion. That's almost as much as the Defense budget. Do you consider that a problem? Would you reduce it, and how fast?

MODERATOR Yeah, it's absolutely a problem. And you know, reducing the national debt requires us, of course, to have some sort of fiscal discipline. Now this is amazing, to sit here and listen to people talk about fiscal discipline and then recognize that some of the things that we have done, this Congress has done, and some of the -- and votes that have been cast in this Congress and in the past several Congresses.

Republicans, we have lot the mantle of fiscal responsibility. It is incredible to listen to people talk about the fact that we have to, you know reimpose that. Well, of course we do.

But did they vote for the No Child Left Behind bill, something of course the federal government has absolutely no involvement with? Did they vote for the Medicare/prescription drug bill, a $400 billion to some trillion dollars that we're not sure exactly where that's going to lie? What's the federal government role there? Did they vote for that? And then if they did, how in the world can you come back here and say, "We've got to be careful about spending and get it under control"?

There are a million programs that we operate and that we pay for with the federal government that are far beyond the bounds of the Constitution. Follow the Constitution and you'll know what is -- what's necessary. And that's the defense of the country. That's it for the federal government.

MODERATOR Thank you, gentlemen.

It is time for a break. We'll be back with more of our debate, live from the auditorium of the Koger Center on the campus of the University of South Carolina, right after these messages. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR And we are back on the campus of the University of South Carolina.

Let's continue our questioning with Chris Wallace.

Chris.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, you're being awfully polite to each other, if not to John Edwards. And so let's see if we can shake things up a little bit. (Laughter.)

Governor Gilmore, on the campaign trail you like to say that "Rudy McRomney" is not a conservative and he knows he's not a conservative. With them standing here on the stage with you, you would tell us specifically why Mayor Giuliani, Senator McCain and Governor Romney are not conservatives?

LOSER Thanks, Chris. Actually I thought it was a pretty good line. It got a lot of attention around the country.

You know, there are reasons for this. Let's take for example the abortion issue. We've got one candidate here on the stage who has in this campaign has said that he is against federal funding of abortions, but is in favor of federal financing of abortions. But then on the other hand, he said in the last debate he was against the Hyde Amendment.

We have another candidate who says that he in fact is a tax- cutter and would cut taxes and support these programs. But at the same time, in his own state he was a dramatic tax-increaser.

We have another candidate who says that he is, in fact --

MODERATOR Are you going to name names here, sir, with them all here in front of you?

LOSER Certainly. Rudy Giuliani, of course, has taken that position with respect to abortion. With respect to taxes, Governor Huckabee has in fact raised taxes in his state significantly during his administration. On health care, Governor Romney has said in the last debate that this was a privately funded -- or a privately sanctioned type of program for health care, when indeed it is not. In fact, there's mandatory requirement for participation in that, and that's certainly government if I've ever seen it.

MODERATOR All right, let's get some responses here.

Mayor Giuliani, let's start with you.

WINNER Did I get left out?

LOSER I'll come back.

MODERATOR You're pro-choice, you're pro-gay rights, you're pro-gun control; you supported Mario Cuomo for governor over a Republican. Are those the stands of a conservative?

LOSER First of all, I think Rudy McRomney wouldn't make a bad ticket. (Laughter.) And I kind of like the order. I kind of like the order, John.

But you know -- but in any event, you know, I think that we can respond to that and discuss all that, but there's something I think really big at stake here. We're looking at a race here in which the leading Democratic candidate for president of the United States has said that the unfettered free market is the most disastrous thing in modern America. That's a quote -- or that's a quote she agreed with. She's also said, with regard to taxes, that we have to take money from you in order to give it to the common good.

Now there's such a stark difference there that this election in 2008 is going to make a very big difference about whether we go in that direction -- the direction of removing private choice, putting government in a situation where government is in charge of so many different things -- that I think those are the things that we should be debating, and Republicans should be uniting to make certain that what the liberal media is talking about, our inevitable defeat, doesn't happen.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, I'm going to give you another 30 seconds to actually answer my question. (Laughter, applause.)

They say that you are pro-choice, pro-gay rights, pro-gun control; you supported Mario Cuomo for governor over George Pataki.

Are those the stands of a true conservative, sir?

LOSER I, according to George Will, ran the most conservative government in the last 50 years in New York City. I look for ways in which we can come together.

I think we can agree, all of us on this stage, that we should seek reductions in abortion. I ultimately do believe in a woman's right of choice, but I think that there are ways in which we can reduce abortions. Abortions went down 16 percent when I was the mayor. Adoptions went up 133 percent during the eight years that I was mayor, compared to the prior eight years. So there are ways in which we can work together and achieve results that we all want.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, although Governor Gilmore did not single you out, except by name, I'd like to ask you, because you have a record that people challenge about your conservatism. You've cosponsored campaign finance reform with Senator Feingold. You've cosponsored comprehensive immigration reform with Ted Kennedy. You opposed, as Wendell mentioned, not only the Bush tax cut of 2001 but also the Bush tax cut of 2003. You voted against a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage but for expanded funding -- for federal funding of embryonic stem cell research.

But you say that your record is clear, consistent and conservative. How do you square that with the positions and the votes that I just mentioned, sir?

WINNER Well, the first issues you mentioned have to do with bipartisanship, have to do with reaching across the aisle and work for the good of the American people.

That's what I intend to do. That's what leadership is all about. And the reason why congressional approval ratings -- I saw at 28 percent as -- and you get down to blood relatives and paid staffers when you get down that low -- (laughter) -- is because they want us to work together, they want us to reach across the aisle on issues that are important to America.

We need to have immigration reform. Is there anyone who believes our borders are secure? We need to act on issues that affect America that are in the nation's interests, that we should work together, as they used to in the past when I first came to Congress. I promise you, I will reach across the aisle.

But what this is really all about is who's most prepared to lead in this challenge, this transient, central challenge that we face called radical Islamic extremism? My life, my experience my knowledge of the military and national security qualifies me most to lead.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, you got slammed for raising taxes. How do you respond, sir?

LOSER Well, it's a form of flattery to be attacked, but I wish my name would get in the moniker that Governor Gilmore is putting out there. I could use the bump. (Laughter.)

But the truth is I cut taxes 94 times when I was governor. Yes, we raised gasoline taxes in my state to build a road program that we desperately needed, but 80 percent of the people of my state voted for it. Do I apologize for going along with what 80 percent of the people of my state supported? No. Nor do I anyway apologize for building roads.

Do I apologize for complying with a Supreme Court order to improve education in a state that desperately needed it? Of course I don't, because our education system did improve.

But I don't also apologize for being a Republican governor in a very Democrat state and getting 94 different tax decreases, the first ever in my state's history, done. And I think that's a pretty doggone good record.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, in 1994 you said you were a stronger advocate of gay rights than Ted Kennedy. As recently as five years ago you still supported a woman's right to choose. And as governor you signed into law one of the toughest restrictions on assault weapons in the country. Are you a clear and consistent conservative?

LOSER Well, let's get the record straight. First of all, there's no question that I support Second Amendment rights, but I also support an assault weapon ban. An in the -- with regards to gay rights, I have always been somebody who opposes discrimination. But I also consistently feel that it's critical to have marriage as a relationship between one man and one woman.

Look, I've been governor in a pretty tough state. You've heard of blue states. If you ever bought a suit and you look at it and you can't tell if it's blue or black, that's how blue Massachusetts is. And in that state I've had to stand up for life, and I have. I've had to stand up for traditional marriage, and I have.

In that very difficult state, I stood to make sure that we could have English immersion in our schools, because I think kids should be taught in English. I fought for the death penalty. I fought for abstinence education.

In the toughest of states, I made the toughest decisions and did what was right for America. I have conservative values.

I have the kind of leadership that will allow America to build upon the same kind of reputation and heritage that we got from our conservative founders in this party.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, you weren't mentioned by Governor Gilmore, but I'm going to ask you a question anyway.

You say that you're a full-scale Ronald Reagan Republican, and yet, as you mentioned, you opposed the troop surge and you support comprehensive immigration reform. Are those the stands that Ronald Reagan would take?

MODERATOR I certainly believe he would work to pull us together to win over there, and I certainly do see him pulling us together to be able to solve a tough problem on immigration. And we had a situation in 1986 under Ronald Reagan, where he endorsed an the amnesty proposal. We had a proposal in 1996 that passed that was an enforcement-only proposal. And pulling these together for as far as getting enforcement and then working together is something that we have to do, I think, to fundamentally change and alter the situation we have in this country right on immigration where the system is failed.

The system isn't working. We've got to toughen the borders, and we need to do that. And we've got to somehow work together to see a work visa program that will allow people to get into a legal system, not an illegal system. I mean that's what people really get irritated about. It's not that people come into the country legally, it's that they come in illegally. And I think Ronald Reagan would work on those sorts of things.

But he also would work on lowering taxes, which I voted for and pushed for an alternate flat tax. (Bell rings.) He would also work to reduce spending.

MODERATOR Wendell.

GOLER Gentlemen, the right-to-life has been a part of the Republican party platform for more than 20 years, so I want to ask several of you questions about abortion and stem cell research, starting with you, Governor Thompson.

Some researchers say the lines of embryonic stem cells that President Bush has approved federal funding for are inadequate. Tell me why they're wrong. And more importantly, tell me how you would convince them that they have -- these researchers have all the tools they need.

LOSER Well first, embryonic stem cells, as well as adult stem cells, show great promise for all Americans. Embryonic stem cells was started at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. In embryonic stem cells, the policy that was announced by the president on August 9th set forth about 72 lines that could be federally funded and could be used for research and still receive the federal funds.

GOLER Researchers say there are not that many, sir.

LOSER Well, there's not that many. There's 22 being used. There's at least three more that have not been used. Some of them were not able to be viable, some of them were not able to have what we call pluripotency, and so they were not able to continue.

But there is some tremendous new research, Wendell, going on on amniotic fluids by a Dr. Campbell. There's also some new research going on at the University of Wisconsin that says adult stem cells, if you do it the right way, will have the same characteristics as embryonic stem cells.

So until this research is done, we do not have to destroy any more embryos. There's enough lines right now and capable, with this other research going on, that embryonic stem cells, along with adult stem cells, cord blood and amniotic fluid, can continue.

GOLER Mayor Giuliani, I think you expect your stance on a woman's right to choose to attract a lot of attention in this setting, sir.

LOSER (Chuckles.)

GOLER You have said that you personally hate abortion but support a woman's right to choose. Governor Huckabee says that's like saying, "I hate slavery, but people can go ahead and practice it." Tell me why he's wrong.

LOSER Well, there is no circumstances under which I could possibly imagine anyone choosing slavery or supporting slavery. There are people, millions and millions of Americans, who are as of good conscience as we are, who make a different choice about abortion. And I think in a country where you want to keep government out of people's lives, or government out of people's lives from the point of view of coercion, you have to respect that. There are things that you can oppose, things you can be against; and then you can come to the conclusion, in the kind of democracy we have, the kind of society that we have, and the kind of society we have where we want to keep government out of people's personal lives, that you can respect other people's view on this. And I think everyone on this stage, including most Democrats, could probably very, very usefully spend a lot of time figuring out how we can reduce abortion.

It's going to take a while for the courts to figure out what to do about this.

And while we're looking at that, we should do what I did in New York, which is to try to reduce abortions as much as you can, try to increase adoptions.

GOLER Governor, has the mayor persuaded you?

LOSER He has not. I have great respect for the mayor, and I -- let me tell you why I have great respect. He's been honest about his opinion. He's been honest about his position, and I think that's a healthy thing for our party and for this debate. But I'm pro-life because I believe life begins at conception, and I believe that we should do everything possible to protect that life because it is the centerpiece of what makes us unique as an American people. We value the life of one as if it's the life of all, and that's why we go out for the 12-year-old Boy Scout in North Carolina when he's lost; that's why we look for the 13 miners in Sago, West Virginia, when the mine explodes; that's why we go looking for the hikers in Mount Hood, because we value life, and it's what separates us from the Islamic jihadists who are out to kill us. They celebrate death. They have a culture of death. Ours is a culture of life.

Now, if something is morally wrong, let's oppose it. The honest argument is I don't think it's morally wrong, and someone could take that position and then justify abortion. But if it's wrong, then we ought to be opposed to it, and we ought to find ways to find better ways to deal with our respect for human life.

GOLER Senator Brownback, no one thinks abortion should be available casually, but there are often very, very difficult decisions to be made in this case. Tell me, since you've opposed abortion in every instance except to save the life of the mother, how you would explain to a rape victim, who does not believe that life begins at conception, why her trauma should be compounded by carrying the child to term.

MODERATOR That would be a very difficult situation, and it is a very difficult situation. But the basic question remains. Is the child in the womb a person? Is it a viable life? And if it is a person, it's entitled to respect. And is it an innocent person?

And I think that's the thing we've got to really look at here, is, what are we doing? We talk about abortion, but abortion is a procedure. This is a life that we're talking about. And it's a terrible situation where there's a rape that's involved or incest.

But it nonetheless remains that this is a child that we're talking about doing this to, of ending the life of this child. Will that make the woman in a better situation if that's what takes place? And I don't think so, and I think we can explain it when we look at it for what it is a beautiful child of a loving God, that we ought to protect in all circumstances in all places, here in the womb, somebody that's struggling in poverty, a family that's struggling. We should work and look at all life, be pro-life and whole-life for everybody.

GOLER Governor Romney, I want to give you another difficult abortion situation. You've explained that you once were pro-choice because a relative died after she underwent an illegal abortion. Tell me what you would say to someone else who lost a wife or a daughter to an illegal abortion, if you named the Supreme Court justice who tipped the balance and over turned Roe v. Wade.

LOSER Well, obviously, a terrible circumstance that you described; something of that nature, it just makes you sick. And I can't imagine my heart not being rent by virtue of having a circumstance like that presented to me.

I can tell you that I've looked at this long and hard. I've always been personally pro-life. I've taught that to others, it's been part of my faith. The question for me was What should government do in this kind of setting? And the Supreme Court stepped in and took a decision, and I said I'd support that decision. And then I watched the impact of that decision as I was governor of Massachusetts. And when we came to debating cloning and embryo farming and we saw human life, human life rack after rack that's going to be experimented upon and then disposed, I said Roe v. Wade has gone to such an extent that we've cheapened the value of human life. And I believe that a civilized society has to respect the sanctity of human life.

And what I'm saying is that, in my view, the people should make this decision, not the court.

MODERATOR That concludes this round. We now go to the next, which is the beginning of round four. Questions from Chris Wallace.

Chris?

MODERATOR Thanks, Brit.

Gentlemen, I have a series of questions on immigration, and let me begin with you, Congressman Tancredo.

You have made the fight against illegal immigration the centerpiece of your campaign. I hope you will be as specific as Governor Gilmore was earlier. Do you think that Senator McCain and Mayor Giuliani and Governor Romney are soft on immigration, and if so, why?

MODERATOR I do. And of course you can look at the bills that they've sponsored, in this case Senator McCain in particular. He sponsored a bill that -- a little bit ago -- would have given amnesty to everybody who's here illegally. It would have required Mexico to -- required us to actually consult with Mexico as to whether or not we would build the fence along our southern border.

The issue of immigration is, of course, enormously important to me. And I see so many conversions around this room tonight on a lot of things, and this is -- I'm beginning to hint that -- or I mean I get the hint here there's conversions happening on this issue also; conversions on guns, conversions on abortion, conversions on immigration. You know, it's beginning to truly sound like a Baptist tent rival meeting here. And I am glad to see conversions. I'm glad they happen. But I must tell you, I trust those conversions when they happen on the road to Damascus and not on the road to Des Moines. (Laughter.)

And this is really the problem that we are -- this is the problem that we're facing here because this issue of immigration is one of the most serious public policy issues we face. And if we pursue this path toward amnesty -- (bell rings) -- it's a disaster for the country.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, would you like to respond?

WINNER Well, of course. I have never supported amnesty and never would. But the point is that what the American people expect us to do is to sit down and work this issue out together. That's what I've been doing for a couple of years now. We are very close to an agreement, led by our president and his Cabinet members -- Chertoff and Gutierrez. We are very close to an agreement that will first secure our borders. Then we would have a temporary worker program that could only be valid through a tamper-proof biometric document.

And then we would address the issue of the 12 million people who are already here.

My friend, the people that came -- that almost attacked us at Fort Dix -- thank God they did not -- those people didn't come here across our borders, they came with visas that were expired. So we've got to enforce our border. That's our first and foremost priority. But we also have to have a comprehensive solution and it has to be bipartisan. And I believe we're close to reaching that, and that's what the American people expect us to do.

MODERATOR Senator McCain --

WINNER The status quo is unacceptable.

MODERATOR -- let me just ask you, if I can, for a 30-second follow-up.

WINNER Sure. Sure.

MODERATOR Because some people say that you have stepped away from the plan that you supported with Ted Kennedy last year, and also from negotiations to come up with a new plan. Is that because comprehensive immigration reform is bad politics for someone running for president?

WINNER Actually, I've been heavily engaged in all -- all of the negotiations and in phone calls and conference calls and various meetings as short a time ago as Friday, and a conference call yesterday. That's why I can assure you we are very close to an agreement. I've been heavily engaged in it and I continue to be heavily engaged in it.

I come from a state of Arizona where over the half of the illegal crossings cross -- come across the Arizona-Sonora border.

I intend to lead. I don't intend to follow. I don't intend to block things. I intend to get results, and I intend to work on the hard things, not the easy ones.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you have also called Senator McCain's immigration plan amnesty. Are you prepared to say that sharing the stage with him tonight? And how do you explain your statement to the Lowell Sun last year in which you said, quote, "Those that are here paying taxes and not taking government benefits should begin a process toward application for citizenship as they would from their home country." Why isn't that amnesty as well, sir?

LOSER Well, my view is this. People should have no advantage by having come here illegally.

MODERATOR But you're not telling them to go home, sir.

LOSER I am going to tell them to go home, but they start by beginning the process of applying for citizenship. But I do not believe -- or applying for permanent residency. They're not going to be barred from doing that, but they do not get any advantage by having come here illegally. That's the key part of what I objected to in McCain-Kennedy.

McCain-Kennedy, what it did is said that people who are here illegally get a special pathway. They're not like all the other immigrants in the world that want to come to this great country; they get a special pathway. That's what's wrong about it. If you're here illegally, you should not have a special pathway to become a permanent resident.

My view, you have to secure the border, number one, have an employment verification system, number two, and number three, say to those that are there illegally, get in line with everybody else; you're not going to have a special doorway, any particular advantage, by having come here illegally, to become a permanent resident.

And my fear is that McCain-Kennedy would do to immigration what McCain-Feingold has done to campaign finance and money in politics, and that's bad. (Applause.)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you want to respond to that for 30 seconds?

WINNER Well, I've -- take and kept a consistent position on campaign finance reform. Is there anyone who believes there's not enough money washing around money in politics, which has corrupted our own party? I have kept a consistent position on right to life. And I haven't changed my position even -- on even-numbered years or have changed because of the different offices that I may be running for.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani --

 (Laughs.) (Applause.)

 Want to give him a follow-up?

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, when you were running New York, you said the following about illegal immigrants "If you come here, and you work hard, and you happen to be in an undocumented status, you're one of the people who we want in this city." If that was good enough for New York, why isn't it good enough for the country, sir?

LOSER Well, first of all, I'd like to thank Congressman Tancredo for saying that I'm soft on anything. (Laughter.) That's the first time in about 20 years, since I was U.S. attorney, that anybody accused me of being soft. So it may help my reputation.

The reality is, the focus on immigration should be to know everyone who's in the United States. We should have a tamper-proof ID card; we should have a database in which we can identify the people who are in this country.

I know something about security. I think I've had more experience at having to secure a city, having to deal with security in the Justice Department, than, I would say, anyone on this stage. And the reality is, we've got to be sensible about immigration. If we do the kinds of things that some of the people here are talking about, this country's going to be in greater danger; it is going to be more insecure; we're going to face a situation in which terrorists like the Fort Dix people, three of whom were illegal, can find a big underground to hide in.

So we need a fence. We need a technological fence; we need a tamper-proof ID card. And we need a way that people who are working in this country can come forward, sign up for the tamper-proof ID card, get in the database and start paying their way.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, we have an internet question for you, sir, from Scott in Colorado Springs. He asked, what would you do to prevent foreign nationals who have entered our country illegally from using social services such as medical, low-income housing and education?

 HUNTER Yeah, and I want to get into this, Chris, because you know, I built the border fence in San Diego. When I built that fence, we had massive illegal immigration across the border. We built the border fence; we reduced illegal immigration and smuggling of narcotics by more than 90 percent. And the crime rate in the city of San Diego fell by 50 percent.

I wrote the bill that the president signed in October that takes the San Diego fence 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas, and it's mandatory. I called up the other day, and they've done two miles of border fence.

This administration has a case of the slows on border enforcement. If we have border enforcement, we will be able at that point to start to regulate the internal problem that we've got. Because as long as you've got a revolving door and you have no border -- and this 2,000-mile porous border, incidentally, is our biggest homeland security problem; it's not just an immigration problem, it's a homeland security problem -- we need to build the border fence. We need to have a Border Patrol which is big enough to get the job done, and we need to be able to ask people when they want to come into America, knock on the front door, because the back door is going to be closed.

MODERATOR Wendell? (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman Paul, I believe you are the only man on the stage who opposes the war in Iraq, who would bring the troops home as quickly as -- almost immediately, sir. Are you out of step with your party? Is your party out of step with the rest of the world? If either of those is the case, why are you seeking its nomination?

LOSER Well, I think the party has lost its way, because the conservative wing of the Republican Party always advocated a noninterventionist foreign policy.

Senator Robert Taft didn't even want to be in NATO. George Bush won the election in the year 2000 campaigning on a humble foreign policy -- no nation-building, no policing of the world. Republicans were elected to end the Korean War. The Republicans were elected to end the Vietnam War. There's a strong tradition of being anti-war in the Republican party. It is the constitutional position. It is the advice of the Founders to follow a non-interventionist foreign policy, stay out of entangling alliances, be friends with countries, negotiate and talk with them and trade with them.

Just think of the tremendous improvement -- relationships with Vietnam. We lost 60,000 men. We came home in defeat. Now we go over there and invest in Vietnam. So there's a lot of merit to the advice of the Founders and following the Constitution.

And my argument is that we shouldn't go to war so carelessly. (Bell rings.) When we do, the wars don't end.

GOLER Congressman, you don't think that changed with the 9/11 attacks, sir?

LOSER What changed?

GOLER The non-interventionist policies.

LOSER No. Non-intervention was a major contributing factor. Have you ever read the reasons they attacked us? They attack us because we've been over there; we've been bombing Iraq for 10 years. We've been in the Middle East -- I think Reagan was right.

We don't understand the irrationality of Middle Eastern politics. So right now we're building an embassy in Iraq that's bigger than the Vatican. We're building 14 permanent bases. What would we say here if China was doing this in our country or in the Gulf of Mexico? We would be objecting. We need to look at what we do from the perspective of what would happen if somebody else did it to us. (Applause.)

GOLER Are you suggesting we invited the 9/11 attack, sir?

LOSER I'm suggesting that we listen to the people who attacked us and the reason they did it, and they are delighted that we're over there because Osama bin Laden has said, "I am glad you're over on our sand because we can target you so much easier." They have already now since that time -- (bell rings) -- have killed 3,400 of our men, and I don't think it was necessary.

LOSER Wendell, may I comment on that? That's really an extraordinary statement. That's an extraordinary statement, as someone who lived through the attack of September 11, that we invited the attack because we were attacking Iraq. I don't think I've heard that before, and I've heard some pretty absurd explanations for September 11th. (Applause, cheers.)

And I would ask the congressman to withdraw that comment and tell us that he didn't really mean that. (Applause.)

GOLER Congressman?

LOSER I believe very sincerely that the CIA is correct when they teach and talk about blowback. When we went into Iran in 1953 and installed the shah, yes, there was blowback. A reaction to that was the taking of our hostages and that persists. And if we ignore that, we ignore that at our own risk. If we think that we can do what we want around the world and not incite hatred, then we have a problem.

They don't come here to attack us because we're rich and we're free. They come and they attack us because we're over there. I mean, what would we think if we were -- if other foreign countries were doing that to us?

LOSER Can I have 30 seconds, please?

 No, no, no, wait a second. Let's -- we'll all get 30 seconds.

(Cross talk.)

LOSER They are coming --

(Cross talk.)

 We all want 30 seconds of time --

MODERATOR We'll -- Wendell, go ahead.

GOLER I think I want to turn to Senator McCain and change the subject, if I will. (Laughter.) I don't think we're going to solve this tonight, gentlemen.

An Internet question for you, Senator. Royce from Philadelphia asks if South Carolina should be free to fly the Confederate flag from state buildings. (Groans from the audience.)

WINNER That's --

GOLER In 2000, sir, you said yes. You have since called that one of your worst examples of political cowardice. That flag is still flying in front of the Statehouse. Should it come down?

WINNER It is not flying on top of capitol. It is flying at the --

GOLER It is flying in front of the Statehouse, sir.

WINNER It is not flying on top of the capitol.

Yes, I was wrong when I didn't say it -- well, when I said that I believed that it was up to the state of South Carolina. That was a wrong statement on my part.

Now, after long negotiation amongst most parties, there is an agreement that that flag no longer flies on top of the capitol of the state of South Carolina.

Almost all parties involved in those negotiations believe that that's a reasonable solution to this issue. I support it. I still believe that it should not have flown over the capitol, and I was wrong when I said that it was a state issue. But now I think it has been settled, and I think it's time that we all moved on on this issue -- especially the people of South Carolina. (Applause.)

GOLER Governor Huckabee, when you became governor of Arkansas, you wrote convicted rapist Wayne Dumond, told him, my desire is that you be released from prison. The parole board released him in 1999. The next year, he killed a woman in Missouri. Do you bear any responsibility for his release, sir?

LOSER I wish that he hadn't gotten out in light of what happened in Missouri. It's one of the most horrible things, I think, that I'll look back on, but I didn't let him go. The parole board did. I actually denied his clemency, which was my official action. It was my predecessor who commuted his sentence and made him parole- eligible. It's been used as a political weapon against me.

Do I regret having said that I thought that he had met the conditions for parole? I do, in light of what he did.

But I don't have foresight. I have great hindsight, like everybody does.

Here's what I do know. I know that we live in a very dangerous world and we make tough decisions and we have to live by them. For 10-1/2 years as a governor, I made tough decisions and saw thousands of cases cross my desk every day. I wish I could have always made them perfect, but I can't. If I'm president -- and I hope I will be -- I won't be a perfect president, but I'll be one who will do my very best to not repeat mistakes or to make them in the first place.

GOLER Thanks.

Congressman Tancredo, the ambassador from the European Union says the United States and Europe bear a special responsibility for global warming because the greenhouse gases causing the problem have been put there since the Industrial Revolution of the 1800s. We put most of the stuff up there. Do you agree? And what should we do to deal with the problem, sir?

MODERATOR Okay. First of all, the whole issue of global warming, for every single scientist that tells you it's happening and that it's our fault -- and they'll stack up to here in this reports -- I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.

I don't believe that -- well, I'll tell you this, I don't know whether or not we are responsible, we the human race, are responsible for global warming.

It certainly could be happening, it certainly could be a natural phenomenon. If it's the latter, of course there isn't much we can do about that. If it's the former, there is something that we can do about it, and I'm all for it, and that is of course to reduce our dependence on petroleum products. If we do that, we automatically reduce the carbon emissions that people claim are causing global warming. And I'm all for doing that, because -- I'll tell you why. It's a national security issue. It just isn't an issue of fight over the science of global warming; it's a national security issue for us to move away from the use of petroleum products when they're coming from countries that want to kill us.

And although my dear friend Ron here -- I dearly love and really respect, but I'll tell you, I just have to disagree with you, Ron, about the issue of whether or not that -- whether Israel existed or didn't, whether or not we were in the Iraq war or not, they would be trying to kill us because it's a dictate of their religion, at least a part of it, and we have to defend ourselves.

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. It's time now for our -- (applause) -- our final commercial break of the night. When we come back, dealing with a world crisis in real time. We'll challenge the candidates to see how they would react during an evolving terrorist attack. Stay tuned. (Applause.)

(Announcements.)

MODERATOR Welcome back to the Koger Center for the Arts on the campus of the University of South Carolina.

The questions in this round will be premised on a fictional, but we think plausible scenario involving terrorism and the response to it. Here is the premise Three shopping centers near major U.S. cities have been hit by suicide bombers. Hundreds are dead, thousands injured. A fourth attack has been averted when the attackers were captured off the Florida coast and taken to Guantanamo Bay, where they are being questioned. U.S. intelligence believes that another larger attack is planned and could come at any time.

First question to you, Senator McCain. How aggressively would you interrogate those being held at Guantanamo Bay for information about where the next attack might be?

WINNER If I knew for sure that they had that kind of information, I, as the president of the United States, would take that responsibility. That is a million-to-one scenario. But only I would take that responsibility.

The use of torture -- we could never gain as much we would gain from that torture as we lose in world opinion. We do not torture people.

When I was in Vietnam, one of the things that sustained us, as we went -- underwent torture ourselves, is the knowledge that if we had our positions reversed and we were the captors, we would not impose that kind of treatment on them.

It's not about the terrorists, it's about us. It's about what kind of country we are. And a fact The more physical pain you inflict on someone, the more they're going to tell you what they think you want to know.

It's about us as a nation. We have procedures for interrogation in the Army Field Manual. Those, I think, would be adequate in 999,999 of cases, and I think that if we agree to torture people, we will do ourselves great harm in the world.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, the former director of Central Intelligence, George Tenet, the current head of the CIA have both said that the most valuable intelligence tool they have had has been the information gained from what are called enhanced interrogation techniques to include, presumably, water-boarding.

What is your view whether such techniques should be applied in a scenario like the one I described?

LOSER In the hypothetical that you gave me, which assumes that we know there's going to be another attack and these people know about it, I would tell the people who had to do the interrogation to use every method they could think of. It shouldn't be torture, but every method they can think of --

MODERATOR Water-boarding?

LOSER -- and I would -- and I would -- well, I'd say every method they could think of, and I would support them in doing that because I've seen what -- (interrupted by applause) -- I've seen what can happen when you make a mistake about this, and I don't want to see another 3,000 people dead in New York or any place else.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, I'd like to draw you out on this.

LOSER Yeah, first of all, let's make sure that we understand that the key in electing the next president is to find somebody who will make sure that that scenario doesn't ever happen, and the key to that is prevention.

We've all spent a lot of time talking about what happens after the bomb goes off. The real question is, how do you prevent the bomb from going off? And that's what I spent my time doing as a governor over the last four years, and serving on the Homeland Security Advisory Council. And that means intelligence and counterterrorism.

Now we're going to -- you said the person's going to be in Guantanamo. I'm glad they're at Guantanamo. I don't want them on our soil. I want them on Guantanamo, where they don't get the access to lawyers they get when they're on our soil. I don't want them in our prisons. I want them there.

Some people have said, we ought to close Guantanamo. My view is, we ought to double Guantanamo. We ought to make sure that the terrorists -- (applause) -- and there's no question but that in a setting like that where you have a ticking bomb that the president of the United States -- not the CIA interrogator, the president of the United States -- has to make the call. And enhanced interrogation techniques have to be used -- not torture but enhanced interrogation techniques, yes.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, let me enrich the scenario just a little bit. Let's assume for the sake of discussion here that we now also have additional intelligence that indicates with high certainty that the attackers were trained in a West African country hostile to the United States, in camps openly run by the terrorist organization that sent them. What kind of response would you agree to for that?

LOSER I would do the first thing that President Ronald Reagan would say Trust but verify.

Verify that that information is correct. And I would go in with all the power necessary. Colin Powell said, and I quote him, he says, "If in fact you're going to war, have a reason to go to war. Make sure you go with all the force necessary in order to do so, and have an exit strategy."

If there's a country in Africa that is not friendly to America, that is anti-America and is promoting terrorism, and those terrorists are going to attack, it's -- be incumbent on all of us to make sure that we do what is right. The president of the United States has got to lead that effort, and if it's necessary, it's got to take those camps out as deliberately and as methodically as possible, as long as that information is credible and can be checked and make sure that it is accurate.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, if the decision were up to you, would you do that? And if so, would you decide to go to the United Nations, for example, first to seek some kind of international authorization to do it or would you just move in the way that Governor Thompson described?

MODERATOR I would not go to the United Nations in the situation you've described. You've described a situation where American lives have been lost and we think more are pending to lose. And I think your real question you have to have here as the chief executive, as the leader of the country, what are you measuring here? Is your primary concern U.S. lives or is it how you're going to be perceived in the world? And my standard is U.S. lives, and I'm going to do everything within my power to protect U.S. lives, period.

I will do it. I'll move aggressively forward on it. If we have to later ask and say, "Well, it shouldn't quite have been done this way or that way," that's the way it is. But the standard must be protection of U.S. lives. That's the job of president of the United States, and I would take it seriously, and I would do it.

MODERATOR How would you respond, Congressman Hunter?

 HUNTER Yeah, let me just say this would take a one-minute conversation with the secretary of Defense. (Laughter.) I would call him up or call him in. I would say to SECDEF, in terms of getting information that would save American lives, even if it involves very high-pressure techniques, one sentence Get the information. Have it back within an hour, and let's act on it. Let's execute with Special Operations or whoever else is necessary, and I will take full responsibility. Get the information.

MODERATOR I'm going to come to the others in a moment, but I want to circle back to you, Senator McCain. You've heard reference here from me and others of the -- what the administration calls the enhanced interrogation techniques. I may have misunderstood you, but it sounded to me as if you regard those techniques, or from what you know about them, as torture. Do you?

WINNER Yes, and the interesting thing about that aspect is that during the debate, when we had the detainee treatment act, there was a sharp division between those who had served in the military and those who hadn't. Virtually every senior officer, retired or active- duty, starting with Colin Powell, General Vessey and everyone else, agreed with my position that we should not torture people.

One of the reasons is, is because if we do it, what happens to our military people when they're captured? And also, they realize there's more to war than the battlefield.

So yes, literally every retired military person and active duty military person who has actually been in battle and served for extended times in the military -- (bell rings) -- supported my position, and I'm glad of it.

MODERATOR All right, thank you, Senator. (Applause.)

This kind of attack would pose immediate and obvious problems for the U.S. economy -- they've hit shopping centers. What kind of measures would you take, Governor Gilmore, to assure that the U.S. economy continued to grow in the face of an attack of this kind?

LOSER Brit, I actually had to deal with this issue. I was the governor of the state of Virginia during the 9/11 attack. The Pentagon was in fact struck; it's in Arlington, Virginia.

But before that time, I'd been asked by the United States government to chair the National Commission on Terrorism and Homeland Security. We issued two reports. Before the 9/11 attack, the third one was complete. We did two more after that. So I have the experience to deal with these issues, and I've done a lot of scenarios like this.

MODERATOR Well what would you do?

LOSER Well, with respect to the United Nations, first of all let me say that I would go to the U.N., but it would be to state an opinion and to take advantage of our rights on an international law, not to go ask for permission. And then I would go in, after having explained exactly what we were doing to the world and asking for world support, but even without it, we would go in and act decisively against that.

Meanwhile, with respect to homeland security, we've got to put a system in place that talks about a complete partnership and community of preparedness between federal, state and local people, private sector community leadership, and that particularly means information sharing between federal, state and local authorities, something we said as early as the year 1999. And if you do that, I believe from my experience as prosecutor and attorney general, that you can get this information -- (bell rings) -- and then find ways to protect the country even in a shopping center.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, there might be a need for economic policies to change. What policies would you propose?

LOSER One of the things that happened after 9/11, the president told us essentially that we all needed to get back on airplanes and fly, we all needed to go back to shopping centers and shop, we need to go ahead and travel. And I understand what he meant by that -- to put our economy back in motion. And I think that was a good thing to say, but it may have been interpreted by the American people as business as usual.

The problem is, it'll never ever be business as usual when you attack innocent Americans on our soil. It can't be business as usual. We've got to make a different kind of business -- go after those who murdered -- and let's use the word "murder" -- murdered fellow American citizens, then let's make sure that we do more than simply protect our borders and bring justice to those who did it; but that we ask the American people to join together in a sacrifice, the same kind of sacrifice that we had when we were attacked at Pearl Harbor, the same kind of sacrifice that we've been called upon as a nation repeatedly to do.

That's what America would have to do.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, one last question for you on this. The president believed after 9/11 that the tax cuts that he had put in place were helpful in softening the economic downturn that occurred, and allowing the United States economy to rise out of it. Would you propose -- what economic policies would you propose under this scenario to avert or soften a recession?

LOSER Well, the lower the taxes the better, and I think cutting taxes would be beneficial. But we should find places where we could cut spending as well, because eventually a deficit can be very, very harmful to us. But you know, I think it's interesting talking about torture here in that it's become enhanced interrogation technique. It sounds like Newspeak.

Nobody's for the torture, and I think that's important. But as far as taking care of a problem like this, the president has the authority to do that. If we're under imminent attack, the president can take that upon himself to do it.

But just think. We gave the president authority to go into Afghanistan, and here we have Osama bin Laden in Pakistan. They have nuclear weapons, and we're giving them money.

And we forgot about him, and now we're over in -- in Iraq in a war that's bogging us down, and we have forgotten against -- about dealing with the people that attacked us. (Bell rings.) And here you have a hypothetical attack that you're dealing with; we ought to be dealing with the one we have right now on our hands.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, let me give you the last word in this round. Go ahead, sir.

MODERATOR Well, let me just say that it's almost unbelievable to listen to this in a way. We're talking about -- we're talking about it in such a theoretical fashion. You say that -- that nuclear devices have gone off in the United States, more are planned, and we're wondering about whether waterboarding would be a -- a bad thing to do? I'm looking for "Jack Bauer" at that time, let me tell you. (Laughter, applause.)

And -- and there is -- there is nothing -- if you are talking about -- I mean, we are the last best hope of Western civilization. And so all of the theories that go behind our activities subsequent to these nuclear attacks going off in the United States, they go out the window because when -- when we go under, Western civilization goes under. So you better take that into account, and you better do every single thing you can as president of the United States to make sure, number one, it doesn't happen -- that's right -- but number two, you better respond in a way that makes them fearful of you because otherwise you guarantee something like this will happen.

MODERATOR Congressman, thank you.

We have time for a last quick round with Chris.

Chris?

MODERATOR Thank you. I've got a couple of final questions, and I then I know Wendell does as well.

Governor Gilmore, let me start with you. It's been suggested that the 10 of you could all be members of the same country club. What does it say about the Republican Party? And you used to be the chairman of this party and tried to build the tent, to build the base; what does it say that there is no woman, no Hispanic, no African- American, no minority in this field of presidential candidates?

LOSER You know, Chris, as national chairman of the party, I worked very hard with the rest of the party to reach out in the Hispanic community, reach out in the African-American community. I made appropriate appointments. As governor of Virginia, I did the same thing. I brought people together and brought people in.

As a person who has a record with the African-American community when I was the attorney general of the state -- there were church burnings that were going on all across the South -- I stepped up with my fellow attorney generals and spoke out against that, and it stopped. As the governor of Virginia, I favored the African-American universities in order to draw people together.

MODERATOR Governor, if I may -- because we're running out of time, I'd like to ask you, if you'd answer the question, which is, does it bother you that as you sit here and we see the 10 candidates on the stage, there is not a single minority running for president in your party?

LOSER Listen, there will be people from our party who are in the minority who will be candidates, and we have people that are prepared to do that in the immediate future.

But the fact of the matter is that the people of the United States have got to judge the people who in fact have stood up and decided to run, have put themselves into the arena.

And they have to judge it on the way of the record, Chris.

I mean, I recognize that I shook things up here a little bit. But the fact is, the people of the United States deserve to know where people really stand, and the only way to do that is to examine the record.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, during this campaign, you have been criticized -- and again tonight you've been criticized -- for changing your position on some issues. You say that it's a part of learning from experience. Can you point to an area in which your learning from experience led you to change to a position that is less popular with the Republican base?

LOSER Sure, a number -- quite a few, actually.

And as Senator McCain did, as he mentioned the flag issue -- I have issues that take me in the same direction. One is No Child Left Behind. I've taken a position where, once upon a time, I said I wanted to eliminate the Department of Education. That was my position when I ran for Senate in 1994. That's very popular with the base.

As I've been a governor and seen the impact that the federal government can have holding down the interest of the teachers' unions and instead putting the interests of the kids and the parents and the teachers first, I see that the Department of Education can actually make a difference. So I supported No Child Left Behind. I still do. I know there are a lot in my party that don't like it, but I like testing in our schools. I think it allows us to get better schools, better teachers; allows us to let our kids have the kind of hope that they ought to have.

I think, by the way, the civil rights issue of our time is not what's going on on this stage right here, but what's going on in the schools in the inner cities of America, because the kids are not getting the education they need for the jobs of tomorrow.

And so I'm very proud of the position I've taken. I support the president in that regard, and that's where I stand.

MODERATOR Wendell.

GOLER Congressman Hunter, many people feel that billions of dollars in American debt that China holds is a problem. If the Chinese decide to convert those dollars to euros, the value of the dollar drops. Do you see that as a security threat, and what would you do about it?

 HUNTER Well, Wendell, if we don't do anything about it, it will be a security threat. And the other thing that will be a security threat is the fact that China is buying ships and planes and military equipment with hundreds of billions of American trade dollars coming their way. They've bought the Sovremenny class missile destroyers from the Russians that were designed to do one thing Kill American aircraft carriers. So there is a security threat as we move -- as we allow China to continue to cheat on trade, they are arming with American trade dollars, and they're lending our money back to us. And some people say well, they'll treat us right if we get in a crunch. And I say, yeah, just like they treated that guy in front of the tank at Tiananmen Square.

It's time for us to enforce trade rules with China, create a two- way street, not a one-way street, and that will give us much less exposure on the economic side that you're talking about, and the security side.

MODERATOR There'll be many more debates, but that is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, and to our debate partner, the Republican Party of South Carolina. And also to the terrific people here at the University of South Carolina and the Koger Center for all of their help.

Moderators
Chris Matthews, MSNBC
John Harris, Editor in Chief, Politico.com
Jim Vandehei, Executive Editor, Politico.com

Candidates
Sen. Sam Brownback, R-Kan.
Former Gov. James Gilmore, R-Va.
Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, R-N.Y.C.
Former Gov. Mike Huckabee, R- Ark.
Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.
Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas
Former Gov. Mitt Romney, R- Mass
Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-Col.
Former Gov. Tommy Thompson, R-Wis.

MODERATOR In the NBC-Wall Street Journal poll, just 22 percent believe this country is on the right track.

Mayor Giuliani, how do we get back to Ronald Reagan's morning in America?

Former New York City Mayor RudolphLOSER We get back to it with optimism. The same situation that I faced in New York City; when I became mayor of New York City, 65, 70 percent thought New York City was going on the wrong track. And what I did was, I set policies and programs of growth, of moving people toward prosperity, security, safety.

And what we can borrow from Ronald Reagan, since we are in his library, is that great sense of optimism that he had. He led by building on the strengths of America, not running America down.

And we're a country that people love to come to, they want to come to this country with a shining city on the hill. So we should solve our immigration issue, including illegal immigration, from our strengths, not our weaknesses.

We're a country that has the greatest health care system in the world. It's flawed, it needs to be fixed, but we should fix it from our strengths. We shouldn't turn it into socialized medicine.

Those are the things that Ronald Reagan taught us You lead from optimism.

LOSER You will lead from hope, and we should never retreat in the face of terrorism. Terrible mistake.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, most of the public pessimism today has to do with Iraq. What would you need, as commander in chief, to win the war in Iraq?

Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) I would need the support of the American people. I would need to be able to show them some success in Iraq, both on the battlefield as well as with the Maliki government. We have a new general; we have a new strategy. That strategy can succeed.

The young men and women who are serving are the best of America. I believe that if we bring about stability in the neighborhoods in Iraq and have the Maliki government govern, you are going to succeed.

My friends, when the majority leader of the United States Senate says we've lost the war, the men and women that are serving in Iraq reject that notion.

And, if we lost, then who win? Did Al Qaida win? When on the floor of the House of Representatives they cheer -- they cheer -- when they pass a withdrawal motion that is a certain date for surrender, what were they cheering?

Surrender? Defeat?

We must win in Iraq. If we withdraw, there will be chaos; there will be genocide; and they will follow us home.

MODERATOR Do you need anything, beyond what the president has now, to win the war?

WINNER Now I think it's on the right track. The war was terribly mismanaged. The war was terribly mismanaged and we now have to fix a lot of the mistakes that were made. Books have been written.

But we have a new strategy and a new general. And these young men and women are committed to winning.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, if you're commander in chief and you want to win this war in Iraq, what do you need to do to win it?

Former Wisconsin Governor TommyLOSER First, you have to support the troops. There's an undying bond in America that, any time an American soldier is in harm's way, we have to protect him.

Beyond that, there are three things that I have laid out. Number one, I believe the al-Maliki government should be required to vote as to whether or not they want America in their country.

If they vote yes, it gives us a legitimacy for being there. If they vote no, we should get out.

Secondly, there are 18 territories in Iraq, just like we have 50 states in America. I would require those territories to elect governments, just like we do in our states.

And if you do so, the Shiites will elect Shiites. Sunnis will elect Sunnis. Kurds will elect Kurds. And you won't have this internecine civil war.

Third, I would split the oil reserves one-third to the federal government, one-third to the state governments and one-third to every man, woman and child. If every man, woman and child is getting part of the oil proceeds, they're going to have a vested interest in their country.

They will be purchasing goods. They will be investing in small businesses. And they will be building the country on democratic grounds in Iraq.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

Representative Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) Yeah, very briefly, Chris, the key to winning in Iraq is standing up the Iraqi military. There are 129 battalions in the Iraqi army. We need to make sure that every one of those battalions moves into an operational setting, gets a three- or four-month military operation in a contentious zone.

At that point, they can move into the combat field.

LOSER They can start displacing American units. And America's heavy combat units can rotate out. That's the right way to leave Iraq.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, in that same NBC-Wall Street Journal poll that Chris mentioned, 55 percent of Americans say victory is just not possible in Iraq. They've made up their minds on this war.

Why shouldn't they have a president who will listen?

Former Massachusetts Governor MittLOSER Well, if you wanted to have a president that just followed the polls, all we need to do is plug in our TVs and have them run the country. But that's not what America wants. It's not what America needs. We need leadership that's strong and that shows America what we can do to lead the world.

Ronald Reagan was a president of strength. His philosophy was a philosophy of strength a strong military, a strong economy and strong families.

With regards to Iraq, there are a lot of people that say, let's just get out. I want to get our troops home as soon as I possibly can. But, at the same time, I recognize we don't want to bring them out in such a precipitous way that we cause a circumstance that would require us to come back.

Because if we leave in the wrong way, the Iranians could grab the Shia south, or Al Qaida could play a dominant role among the Sunnis, or you could have the border with Turkey destabilized by the Kurds -- and, as a result, you could have regional conflict develop.

But with that occurring, you could have our neighbors get involved, our friends get involved around Iraq, and we could have to come back again.

That's why it's so essential for us at this critical time to support the al-Maliki effort to bring strength and stability to Baghdad, to Al Anbar. Hopefully they're good signs that we're going to see increasing, and we'll be able to bring our troops home safely.

MODERATOR Time, Governor.

Let me to go to Senator Brownback with the next question. Recent polls in the Islamic world reveal a sea of hostility toward the United States, feeding what General Petraeus calls the central front of Al Qaida in Iraq.

How do we win this war if every dead terrorist is so easily replaced?

Senator Sam Brownback (R-Kan.) I think we win the war by standing up for our values and working with those who will work with us.

I think you have to remember that while we're in a war on terrorism, there are a number of people that are with us, that work with us around the world, and also in the Islamic world. We're partnering with a number of moderate Muslim regimes.

And that's something I think we need to convey into the Muslim world as well, that these are groups -- the Al Qaida group, the militant Islamic fascists -- they're trying to unseat moderate Muslim regimes.

And I think we need to engage those regimes -- regimes in Pakistan, regimes in Egypt -- as long as we also confront those regimes, like in Iran, that are the lead -- Iran is the lead sponsor of terrorism around the world. And we've got to be very confrontational and very aggressive there.

So it's to engage those that'll work with us, contain and confront those that won't, and convey that to the Muslim world.

MODERATOR How do you deal with the problem revealed in a recent Zogby poll that in countries that are mentioned you mentioned, like Jordan, Morocco, Turkey, another Islamic country, 10, 12 percent of the people support us, the rest are angry at us? Doesn't that create a sea of recruitment opportunity for our enemy?

And I'm just asking Do we have to reduce that temperature of hatred before we win the war, or simply continue to fight the terrorists?

LOSER Well, I think we have to do both, Chris. I mean, you have to engage in those countries. We have to engage in Jordan, and I think we need to engage with all the tools of state that we have economic tools, along with foreign relations, diplomatic and military tools as well.

But at the same time, when we do that, you've got to confront. You've got to confront those that are coming after us. And they've been doing this for over a decade -- coming at us -- from before 9/11.

We cannot be weak on this whatsoever.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, I'd like to get your views about how you balance loyalty and accountability. Would you have fired Don Rumsfeld before last November?

Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee I think I would've done that before the election. I certainly wouldn't have said that we are not going to do it and then, right after the election, done so. But that's the president's call.

Clearly there was a real error in judgment, and that primarily had to do with listening to a lot of folks who were civilians in suits and silk ties and not listening enough to the generals with mud and blood on their boots and medals on their chest.

Those generals told us, early on, it would take 300,000 troops to successfully go in and stabilize Iraq. Instead we gave them a limited number of troops and a budget and said, you have to do it with this.

I think that's something, now, we understand was a mistake. But rather than simply walking away and leaving the Middle East in a complete disastrous chaos that will spread to the region and to the rest of the world, it's important that we finish the job, that we do it right, rather than have to go back and some day do it over.

MODERATOR Why don't we start with Governor Gilmore there, and ask you a general question, as people who are political and know the mood of the country, starting with you -- you've been a military man. You were in Army intelligence.

But on this general question, the Rumsfeld removal was perhaps timed to the election. Do you think a general shake-up in this administration's Cabinet, right now, would be good for the administration?

Former Virginia Governor James Gilmore (R-Va.) I think there have been a lot of changes in the administration over the last number of years.

We've seen those changes.

But the fundamental point that we have to remember is this has been coming on for quite a long time. Decades this has been coming on. And I think we got distracted at the end of the Cold War, when we were thinking about the end of the Soviet Union and the fall of the Berlin Wall, thanks to the president in whose name this library is named. And, instead, we didn't pay attention sufficiently to the entire Middle East.

And I see this Iraq problem as part of an entire Middle East issue, and it's sort of a fundamental problem that we're going to have an honest conversation with the American people about. We're going to have to engage in the Middle East, and we're going to have to do it for an extended and a long period of time.

It isn't just an Iraq issue. This is an issue of the challenges that we're facing between the Palestinians and the Israelis, the challenge between Sunnis and Shiites -- the problem with people on the street not even agreeing with their own regimes.

There is a great deal that has to be done, and the president is going to have to bring the American people forward into a major commitment in many areas -- one is foreign policy -- and there will have to be a new commitment to the Middle East.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, you voted against the war. Why are all your fellow Republicans up here wrong?

Representative Ron Paul (R-Texas) That's a very good question. And you might ask the question, why are 70 percent of the American people now wanting us out of there, and why did the Republicans do so poorly last year?

So I would suggest that we should look at foreign policy. I'm suggesting very strongly that we should have a foreign policy of non- intervention, the traditional American foreign policy and the Republican foreign policy.

Throughout the 20th century, the Republican Party benefited from a non-interventionist foreign policy. Think of how Eisenhower came in to stop the Korean War. Think of how Nixon was elected to stop the mess in Vietnam.

How did we win the election in the year 2000? We talked about a humble foreign policy No nation-building; don't police the world. That's conservative, it's Republican, it's pro-American -- it follows the founding fathers. And, besides, it follows the Constitution.

I tried very hard to solve this problem before we went to war by saying, "Declare war if you want to go to war. Go to war, fight it and win it, but don't get into it for political reasons or to enforce U.N. resolutions or pretend the Iraqis were a national threat to us.

MODERATOR It's time.

This is a question for Senator McCain. It's along those lines of intervention. Former Tennessee Senator Fred Thompson said that Iran has already committed acts of war. Do you agree?

And, secondly, as part of that, what's your tripwire for a U.S. strike in Iran?

WINNER Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. We all know that. Iran continues their efforts to build nuclear weapons. Iran is now exporting lethal IEDs and jihadists and suicide bombers into Iraq, killing American soldiers.

The Iranians encouraged Hezbollah to attack Israel from Lebanon recent. Iran poses one of the greatest threats to the security of the world, and in the Middle East.

I believe the Iranians have got -- we have got to bring greater pressures, diplomatic, economic, political, join with our European allies who still fear greatly the effort of the cutoff of oil from -- into Europe.

We have to work together. If the Russians and the Chinese are not helpful to us, then we had better figure out a way to put additional pressures, encouraging democracy and freedom without Iraq, which is a very cultured -- within Iran, which is a very cultured society.

At the end of the day we cannot allow Iran...

MODERATOR OK.

WINNER ... to acquire nuclear weapons.

MODERATOR Let me follow up a little bit, Senator.

WINNER Sure.

MODERATOR What is your trip wire? Is it the building of a nuclear weapon? The threat to use a weapon once built? A delivery system? Is it preemptive or preventive?

WINNER My greatest fear is the Iranians acquire a nuclear weapon and give it to a terrorist organization.

And there is a real threat of them doing that.

The trip wire is that if they acquire these weapons -- and our intelligence tells us that this is a real threat to the state of Israel, to other states in the region.

But I want to emphasize, Chris, there's lots of additional efforts that can be made and must be made before we consider that option. There's lots of things we can do.

That is the, ultimately, final option. And I don't think we can exercise it at this time.

MODERATOR OK.

Congressman Tancredo, along those lines, imagine you're president of the United States and this is a likely or possible scenario, certainly plausible You get a call from the prime minister of Israel -- who's now Ehud Olmert -- saying Israel is about to strike Iran's nuclear sites and he wants U.S. help.

What do you say?

Representative Tom Tancredo (R-Col.) I say that, look, when we -- if you look at this issue and stand back for just a second and say, there are two kinds of Irans that we are going to have to deal with here one headed by a gentleman who believes that he is going to be responsible for the coming of the 12th imam and a guy with a bomb, that should put us in the position of saying that anything we can do to stop that is imperative.

And if Israel is put in that position, and we need to be involved in order to protect both ourselves and the Israelis, then of course we respond in the appropriate fashion.

MODERATOR If the prime minister asks you for help, you say you will say yes?

LOSER Well, there are conditions, of course, under which we would say yes. But I'm telling you that if they are -- if there is a threat to the existence of Israel, which is, by the way, I think a potential threat to the existence of the United States, then you have to come to that -- the aid of Israel.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, on that point?

LOSER It really depends on what our intelligence says. I mean, the reality is, the use of military force against Iran would be very dangerous. It would be very provocative. The only thing worse would be Iran being a nuclear power.

It's the worst nightmare of the Cold War; isn't it? The nuclear weapons in the hands of an irrational person, an irrational force.

Ahmadinejad is clearly irrational.

LOSER He has to understand it's not an option; he cannot have nuclear weapons. And he has to look at an American president and he has to see Ronald Reagan. Remember, they looked in Ronald Reagan's eyes, and in two minutes, they released the hostages.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Gilmore of Virginia, when speaking about Osama bin Laden last week, Governor Romney said, quote, "It's not worth moving heaven and Earth, spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person."

Senator McCain called that naive.

Who's right?

LOSER You know, I think -- well, I think we do have to do everything that we can do to get this guy, and the reason is because he is a symbol to the people who believe, as a matter of faith, that they have a right and a duty to destroy Americans and Western civilization.

The bigger, however, issue, is this The Americans have to lead against the sea of hostility that was referred to earlier.

This is a serious challenge.

We can't allow a situation where everyone, all the way from Morocco, all the way through the Middle East, all the way to the Philippines, believes that the United States does not have their best interests at heart.

During the Cold War -- and I served as...

MODERATOR If I would, is President Bush partly responsible for that, in your view?

LOSER This is what I think we have to do What I think we have to do is to use all of our abilities, diplomatic and economic and military, above all things, put ourselves on the moral high ground, and let people across the world know that we are in the same shoes that we were in during the Cold War.

During the Cold War, we represented the aspirations of people everywhere in the world in good faith. And that now must be our policy, so that we in fact do deny those kinds of people and resources to the people who we can't deal with diplomatically. And that, of course, is the Al Qaida type of fundamentalists.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, respond to the mentioned reference to you...

LOSER Well, of course, we get...

(Laughter)

MODERATOR ... by Senator McCain.

(Laughter)

LOSER Thank you. Of course we get Osama bin Laden and track him wherever he has to go, and make sure he pays for the outrage he exacted upon America.

MODERATOR Can we move heaven and earth to do it?

LOSER We'll move everything to get him. But I don't want to buy into the Democratic pitch that this is all about one person -- Osama bin Laden -- because after we get him, there's going to be another and another.

This is about Shia and Sunni. This is about Hezbollah and Hamas and Al Qaida and the Muslim Brotherhood. This is a worldwide jihadist effort to try and cause the collapse of all moderate Islamic governments and replace them with a caliphate.

They ultimately want to bring down the United States of America.

This is a global effort we're going to have to lead to overcome this jihadist effort. It's more than Osama bin Laden.

But he is going to pay, and he will die.

MODERATOR OK. Thank you, Governor.

We now go to our interactive round of questions that were submitted and voted on by the users of Political.com.

Jim VandeHei will read these questions to the candidates now, who will have 30 seconds to respond. And if a rebuttal is necessary, that will also be 30 seconds.

Thanks, Chris.

Senator McCain, Sara from Arlington, Virginia, wants to know if you would be comfortable with Tom Tancredo, a stanch opponent of illegal immigration, as head of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.

(Laughter)

WINNER In a word, no.

(Laughter)

On the subject of Osama bin Laden, he's responsible for the deaths of thousands of innocent Americans. He's now orchestrating other attacks on the United States of America. We will do whatever is necessary. We will track him down. We will capture him. We will bring him to justice, and I will follow him to the gates of hell.

MODERATOR OK. Let me ask you a question regarding immigration. One of our prized guests here today, Governor Schwarzenegger -- looking this man in the eye, answer this question -- I'm going to go down the line, starting with Governor Romney.

Should we change our Constitution, which we believe is divinely inspired...

(Laughter)

... to allow men like Mel Martinez, the chairman of your party, born in Cuba, great patriot, the senator from Florida, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, to stand here some night?

Governor Romney?

LOSER Never given that a lot of thought, but with Arnold sitting there, I'll give it some thought, but probably not.

MODERATOR No?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR Yes or no?

LOSER I love the Governator, but...

MODERATOR We got two noes.

LOSER I think there are other ideas that we should...

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore. Two noes. We're moving here.

LOSER No, I don't intend to want to amend this Constitution in a variety of different ways, and this would be not a good start to do it that way.

MODERATOR So that's a no. Three noes in a row.

Huckabee After I've served eight years as president, I'd be happy to change the Constitution for Governor Schwarzenegger.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Three to one.

Congressman?

LOSER We haven't seen his endorsement yet, Chris.

MODERATOR OK. Three to one to no-show?

LOSER That's a no.

MODERATOR OK. Four noes to one.

Governor?

LOSER No.

MODERATOR Five to one.

Senator?

WINNER Depends on whether he endorses me or not.

(Laughter)

He and I have many similar attributes, so I have to seriously consider it.

MODERATOR OK. We've got an overwhelming vote against you, Governor, in your own house.

(Laughter)

Congressman?

Paul (?) I'm a no, because I am a strong supporter of the original intent.

MODERATOR Oh, God.

OK, Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER When he called me up to endorse him, he got me on the phone, he said, "Will you endorse me?", and I was too afraid to say no.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR OK.

Congressman Tancredo -- is it no or yes?

LOSER I would say yes.

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER Intimidating as he might be, I'm saying no.

MODERATOR OK. We've got two yeses here.

Mayor Giuliani, Bradley Winters of New York would like to know if there's anything you learned or regret during your time as mayor in your dealings with the African-American community?

LOSER There's a great deal that I learned and a great deal that I regret during the time I was mayor, and a great deal I was very, very satisfied with. I tried very, very hard to treat everyone in New York City the same. We reduced crime by 67 percent. Some of the biggest beneficiaries of that would have been in the poorer neighborhoods of New York City, not necessarily the African-American community but a lot of the communities of New York City.

And I worked very, very hard to try to move hundreds of thousands of people out of welfare.

LOSER We actually followed Tommy Thompson's program, and we had the most successful welfare-to-work program in the country. We moved 660,000 people off welfare. And I think one of the reasons that crime is still down in New York today...

MODERATOR That's the time, Mayor.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, Daniel Duchovnik (ph) from Walnut Creek, California, wants to know What do you dislike most about America?

LOSER Gosh. I love America. I'm afraid I'm going to be at a loss for words because America for me is not just our rolling mountains and hills and streams and great cities. It's the American people.

And the American people are the greatest people in the world. What makes America the greatest nation in the world is the heart of the American people hardworking, innovative, risk-taking, God- loving, family-oriented American people.

It's that optimism we thank Ronald Reagan for. Thank you, Mrs. Reagan, for opening up this place in his memory for us. It is that optimism about this great people that makes this the greatest nation on earth.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, this question comes from Curtis Waldman (ph) from Boca Raton, Florida.

Thousands of reputable scientists have concluded with almost certainly that human activity is responsible for the warming of the Earth. Do you believe global warming exists?

Huckabee The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it.

It's the old boy scout rule of the campsite You leave the campsite in better shape than you found it.

I believe that even our responsibility to God means that we have to be good stewards of this Earth, be good caretakers of the natural resources that don't belong to us, we just get to use them. We have no right to abuse them.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, David Diamond (ph) from Memphis writes in, "Do you have a plan to solve the shortage of organs donated for transplant?"

LOSER Well, I don't believe that the government of the United -- that the president of the United States should be putting forth a plan to do such a thing.

The reality is that technology and the advancement of technology in a variety of areas is going at a pace where I believe we can look forward to cures -- we can look forward to a variety of things that will allow us to cure diseases that today we do not have cures for.

But the idea that I think is inherent in this question, that somehow we should be growing these things, somehow we should be cloning people for the purpose of using these kinds of their attributes...

MODERATOR That's time, Congressman.

LOSER ... is ridiculous. I absolutely would not support it.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter, Maggie from Highland Park, Illinois, wants to know if you consider yourself a compassionate conservative, like President Bush.

LOSER Answer Yes. And let me take the rest of my time on Iran. You know, right now, right now, Iran is moving equipment into Iraq that is being used to kill Americans. Iran has crossed the line, and the United States has absolute license at this point to take whatever actions are necessary to stop those deadly instruments from being moved across the line, being used in explosives, roadside bombs, inside Iraq.

And lastly, you know, we don't -- we should not get to the edge of the cliff on this enrichment of uranium.

And plutonium to be used for a nuclear weapon in Iran -- the United States needs to move very quickly...

MODERATOR Thank you, Congressman. That's time.

LOSER The United States needs to move very quickly.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, Pete from Rochester Hills, Michigan wants to ask you this. If you were president, would you work to phase out the IRS?

(Laughter)

LOSER Immediately.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR That's what they call a softball.

LOSER And you can only do that if you change our ideas about what the role of government ought to be.

If you think that government has to take care of us, from cradle to grave, and if you think our government should police the world and spend hundreds of billions of dollars on a foreign policy that we cannot manage, you can't (ph) get rid of the IRS; but, if you want to lower taxes and if you want the government to quit printing the money to come up with shortfall and cause all the inflation, you have to change policy.

MODERATOR Time.

We now go to the next segment. We're going to talk about values. Let's go down the line on this just like they did with the Democrats last week on some of these trickier calls, but they do have clear answers.

Starting with you, Governor, would the day that Roe v. Wade is repealed be a good day for America.

LOSER Absolutely.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER It would be a glorious day of human liberty and freedom.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Yes, it was wrongly decided.

MODERATOR Governor?

Huckabee (?) Most certainly.

MODERATOR Congressman?

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Senator?

A repeal.

Mayor?

LOSER It would be OK.

MODERATOR OK to repeal?

LOSER It would be OK to repeal. It would be also if a strict constructionist judge viewed it as precedent and I think a judge has to make that decision.

MODERATOR Would it be OK if they didn't repeal it?

LOSER I think the court has to make that decision and then the country can deal with it. We're a federalist system of government and states can make their own decisions.

MODERATOR Congressman?

Tancredo (?) After 40 million dead because we have aborted them in this country, I would say that that would be the greatest day in this country's history when that, in fact, is overturned.

MODERATOR We're looking for nuance here. Governor Gilmore, you have said in the past that you believe in the first eight to 12 weeks of pregnancy that the woman should have the right to have an abortion. Do you still want to stick with that exception?

LOSER I do, Chris. My views on this, my beliefs on this are a matter of conviction. And they've always been the same, and they've never changed, the entire time that I've been in public life.

However, my record as governor of Virginia, I think, has been one that the pro-life community, of which I'm a part, would be very proud passing a 24-hour waiting period, passing informed consent, passing parental notification, signing the partial-birth abortion law in Virginia.

So I think the record is there. But my views -- my views are strongly and fundamentally believed and been held that way.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, do you have any nuance on this? Or are you just happy with the repeal of Roe v. Wade?

LOSER I believe it should be left up to the states. That was what was originally implied, and the Constitution was changed when the Supreme Court made the decision.

I, like a lot of people up here, have made a record of pro-life for a long time, signing the partial-birth abortion, pre-notification for parents and so on.

I think it's an important imperative that states have the responsibility for making these laws.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, in recent months, you've said you were, quote, "always for life," but we've also heard you say you were once, quote, "effectively pro-choice." Which is it?

LOSER Well, I've always been personally pro-life, but for me, it was a great question about whether or not government should intrude in that decision. And when I ran for office, I said I'd protect the law as it was, which is effectively a pro-choice position.

About two years ago, when we were studying cloning in our state, I said, look, we have gone too far. It's a "brave new world" mentality that Roe v. Wade has given us, and I changed my mind.

I took the same course that Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush and Henry Hyde took, and I said I was wrong and changed my mind and said I'm pro-life. And I'm proud of that, and I won't apologize to anybody for becoming pro-life.

MODERATOR Governor, with respect, some people are going to see those changes of mind as awfully politically convenient.

LOSER You know, I told you that I'd studied at great length this issue. When I ran, I -- for the very first time, I told you that I was personally pro-life but that I would protect a woman's right to choose as the law existed.

And that stayed the same until two years ago, as I indicated.

And at that time, as a result of the debate we had, the conclusion I reached was that we had gone too far, that cloning and that creating new embryos was wrong, and that we should, therefore, allow our state to become a pro-life state.

I believe states should have the right to make this decision, and that's a position I indicated in an op-ed in the Boston Globe two years ago.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, this is an important issue for you.

LOSER It is.

MODERATOR Could you support a nominee of your party who is not pro-life?

LOSER I could, because I believe in the Ronald Reagan principle, that somebody that's with you 80 percent of the time is not your enemy, that's your friend and that's your ally. And this is a big coalition party. And it's a coalition party that's governed for a number of years in this country.

And it governs because it governs with a coalition of economic and social conservatives, and people that want to be strong for the United States.

But I want to emphasize, I believe life is one of the central issues of our day, and I believe that every human life at every phase is unique, is beautiful, is a child of a loving God, period.

MODERATOR That's the time.

Let me go back to Governor -- Mayor Giuliani, because I want to give you a chance on this.

You became very well known for standing up against the use of public funds for what many people considered indecent exhibits at the Brooklyn museum and places like that.

Why do you support the use of public funds for abortion?

LOSER I don't. I support the Hyde amendment. I hate abortion. I wish people didn't have abortions.

MODERATOR So you're not for funding at all?

LOSER I believe that the Hyde amendment should remain the law. States should make their decision. Some states decide to do it. Most states decide not to do it. And I think that's the appropriate way to have this decided.

MODERATOR Should New York, when you were mayor of New York, should they have been paying for -- the state should have been paying for...

LOSER That's a decision New York made a long time ago.

And New York...

MODERATOR And where were you on that?

LOSER I supported it in New York, but I think, in other places, people can come to a different decision.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Let me go to Senator McCain. We're in the house of Ronald Reagan. Every cab driver in America knew what Ronald Reagan stood for defeat communism abroad; reduce big government at home.

Can you, Senator McCain, restore that kind of unity of purpose?

WINNER I know that I can. I want to be president of the United States to defeat our enemies and to work with our allies. I want to lead this nation.

I may not be the youngest candidate in this race, but I'm the most prepared. I'm prepared to take on the greatest challenge of our time, and that's the specter and threat of radical Islamic extremism, which threatens our very values and our very life.

I know how the world works. I know the good and evil in it. I've seen it. I know how the military works. I know what the military should do, and what it shouldn't do. And I know what it can do.

I know how to make Congress work, work for you and not for their re-election.

My friends, we face enormous challenges, whether it be a burgeoning deficit, out-of-control spending, a need for energy independence. And we need, most of all, to restore faith in our government and confidence in the leadership.

My friends, I don't want to be president of a failed nation. I don't want to be president of a sad nation or one that thinks our best years are behind us.

I want to be president of a proud, powerful...

MODERATOR OK, we have...

WINNER ... great, bountiful nation. And, as president, I intend to lead it.

MODERATOR Senator, two or three gentlemen have asked to respond to that. First Congressman Hunter, and then Governor Huckabee, and then Senator -- those three. Say just quick, each.

LOSER Chris, thanks very much.

John's not the only guy with a defense background. I've been chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years. I've helped to rebuild national defense.

We have worked hard to make sure that our people have enough pay, that they've got the ammunition, that they've got the equipment, while at the same time looking over the horizon to look at the new threat of an emerging China and an Iran that is pursuing nuclear weapons and a Korea that already has some and is moving to get the means for delivery.

So a strong national defense, the trademark of Ronald Reagan is what I would pursue.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee, the question is How do you unify the country the way Reagan did, a good portion of the country?

Huckabee I think it's important to remember that what Ronald Reagan did was to give us a vision for this country, a morning in America, a city on a hill. We were reminded that we are a great nation not because government is great; we're a great nation because people are great.

Chris, I want to go back, though, to say why we're a great nation. We are a culture of life. We celebrate, we elevate life. And let me just say, when hikers on Mt. Hood get lost, we move heaven and Earth to go find them. When coal miners in West Virginia are trapped in a mine, we go after them because we celebrate life.

This life issue is not insignificant. It's not small. It separates us from the Islamic fascists who would strap a bomb to the belly of their child and blow them up. We don't do that in this country.

MODERATOR OK, let me go to -- Dr. Paul, how do you reconcile this moral, moral leadership kind of role of conservatism with the very libertarian strain of conservatism -- the Barry Goldwater conservatism that you represent? How do you put together what he just said with what you believe in a unified national purpose?

LOSER Well, you do it by understanding of what the goal of government ought to be. If the goal of government is to be the policeman of the world, you lose liberty. And if the goal is to promote liberty, you can unify all segments. The freedom message brings us together; it doesn't divide us.

I believe that when we overdo our military aggressiveness, it actually weakens our national defense. I mean, we stood up to the Soviets. They had 40,000 nuclear weapons. Now we're fretting day in and day and night about third-world countries that have no army, navy or air force, and we're getting ready to go to war.

But the principle, the moral principle, is that of defending liberty and minimizing the scope of government.

MODERATOR I'm sorry, we have to go on. We have to go on.

Governor Thompson, same theme. If a private employer finds homosexuality immoral, should he be allowed to fire a gay worker?

LOSER I think that is left up to the individual business. I really sincerely believe that that is an issue that business people have got to make their own determination as to whether or not they should be.

MODERATOR OK. So the answer's yes.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, what do you say to Roman Catholic bishops who would deny Communion to elected officials who support abortion rights?

LOSER I don't say anything to Roman Catholic bishops. They can do whatever the heck they want.

(Laughter)

LOSER Roman Catholic bishops are in a private institution, a religion. And they can do whatever they want in a religion. America doesn't...

MODERATOR Do you see that as interference in public life?

LOSER Well, I can't imagine a government telling a church who can have Communion in their church. We have a separation of church and state. It's served us well in this country.

This is a nation, after all, that wants a leader that's a person of faith, but we don't choose our leader based on which church they go to.

This is a nation which also comes together -- we unite over faith and over the right of people to worship as they choose.

The people we're fighting, they're the ones who divide over faith and decide matters of this nature in the public forum.

This is a place where we celebrate different religions and different faiths.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Governor Huckabee, you've criticized Governor Romney for saying his faith wouldn't get in the way of his public life, his governing. Are you going to back that up tonight?

Huckabee I've never criticized Governor Romney for that.

(Crosstalk)

Huckabee I said, in general -- and I would say this tonight to any of us -- when a person says, "My faith doesn't affect my decision- making," I would say that the person is saying their faith is not significant to impact their decision process.

I tell people up front, "My faith does affect my decision process." It explains me. No apology for that. My faith says, "Do unto others as you'd have them do unto you..."

MODERATOR But you answered a question that George Stephanopoulos of ABC about this governor, one of your rivals, and you answered it in this way "I'm not as troubled by a person who has a different faith. I'm troubled by a person who tells me their faith doesn't influence their decisions."

That's in direct response to George Stephanopoulos on February 11th of this year. Why are you changing that point of view now?

Huckabee Well, I didn't know I was changing the point of view.

MODERATOR No, you're changing your quote.

Huckabee I'm saying that of anyone, whether it's Governor Romney or Governor Gilmore...

MODERATOR Well, you answered in direct response to Governor Romney and his Mormonism. Why are you pulling back now?

Huckabee I don't mean to be pulling back. I want to state very clearly A person's faith shouldn't qualify or disqualify for public office. It shouldn't do that.

But we ought to be honest and open about it. And I think it does help explain who we are, what our value systems are, what makes us tick, and what our processors are.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, do you accept the fact that he wasn't talking about you?

LOSER I didn't hear it.

(Laughter)

I didn't hear it on George Stephanopoulos. But I can tell you this Of course everyone who's a person of faith has values that are deeply held in their heart, and they include the value of the relationship they have with their spouse and their children, the value that they place with their country and with their community.

LOSER That's what makes America such a powerful land. Look at us. We're a land that's the envy of the entire world. We are the hope of the world, not because of our hearts.

And that comes from being a people of faith, but not people of a particular church or a particular synagogue. Rather, the great values we share are American values.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER This is a key point, I think. And I think it's a key point for the country. Because we've had 40 or 50 years, now, of trying to run faith out of the public square.

And we're a nation of faith. As my colleague, Senator Lieberman, a Jew, says, America is a faith-based experiment as a country. We should celebrate and invite faith.

And our motto is, "In God we trust." This isn't something that divides. This is something that pulls together and lifts us up. And it's key, and it's important. We shouldn't be trying to run it out of the public square. We should invite it in and celebrate it.

MODERATOR OK, thank you. Thank you, Senator.

Gentleman, let's talk a bit about the future of your party.

Congressman Hunter, Governor Schwarzenegger, who is here tonight, has won the state twice by downplaying partisanship and taking centrist positions on the environment, immigration, abortion. Is that the way to win for Republicans?

LOSER You know, it's a way to win, but we need to win the right way. And about 100 miles south of here, in my town of San Diego, we build the border fence. When we built that fence, we had a border out of control, and we built that fence. And it's a double fence. It's not that little scraggly fence you see on CNN with everybody getting over it.

We had massive murders on the border, massive illegal immigration, massive importation of drugs. I built that border fence. We brought down the smuggling of people and narcotics by more than 90 percent.

I think there's an implication in your immigration statement that the Hispanic community of California wants to have a secure border, and I wrote that law that extends the San Diego fence for 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas that the president signed in October.

One way to bring down crime in the state of California and every state in the union is to have an enforceable border.

That means let's build that border fence. When people want to come into this country, let's ask them to knock on the front door.

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore, you know Karl Rove and you've worked with Karl Rove. Is Karl Rove your friend?

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Do you want to keep him in the White House if you get elected president -- the president's chief political operative?

LOSER You know, at the end of the day, the responsibility for this government and for its policies rests with the president of the United States. And the president is able to choose the people that he wants to choose in order to implement his policy. The president has chosen Karl Rove.

MODERATOR But you, as commander in chief and chief executive, would you employ Karl Rove?

LOSER It isn't a matter of Karl Rove. What's important to this nation is not Karl Rove.

(Laughter)

What's important to this nation and to this party is the acquisition of the philosophy and values that we are as Republicans.

There is a time now for us to reach out and to say that we're spending too much money in government, that it's taking too much of the resources of this nation, that we have got to do something about government spending, create more jobs and a higher revenue and a better opportunity, and thereby to cut taxes for regular people.

LOSER I did that as governor.

I'm a consistent conservative that keeps his word and does what he says that he's going to do.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you, Governor.

Congressman Tancredo, that Karl Rove question, do you have an interest in answering that one?

LOSER Yeah. Karl Rove would certainly not be in the White House that I inhabited. We have had our differences for quite some time, specifically on the issue of immigration and my criticism thereof.

And as a matter of fact, this is as close as I've ever been to Air Force One.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Well, by the way, this isn't still the Air Force One.

LOSER To the replica...

(Crosstalk)

LOSER ... of Air Force One. Exactly.

MODERATOR All right. Mayor Giuliani, I have to ask you the next question. Has the increased influence of Christian conservatives in your party been good for it?

LOSER Sure. The increased influence of large numbers of people are always good for us. I'd like to go back to the earlier question that you asked because I think it really is important that we, you know, define the Republican Party to fit today.

Neither party has a monopoly on virtue or vice. That's just a fallacy that we sometimes fall into. If we're going to win, and we're going to govern after we win, we have to reach out, bring in Democrats, bring in independents.

I ran a city that was five-to-one Democratic, and I was able to -- according to George Will, I ran the most conservative government in the last 50 years in New York City...

MODERATOR Time...

LOSER ... reduced crime, reduced welfare, balanced the budget, lowered taxes 23 times.

MODERATOR Mr. Mayor, it's time.

LOSER And I had 45 Democrats and I think six Republicans.

MODERATOR OK.

Governor Thompson, same question. Well, actually, you could respond to just about anything at this point.

(Laughter)

LOSER Well, Chris, then I will.

I'm the reliable conservative. I vetoed 1,900 things. I reduced taxes by $16.5 billion.

I'm from Wisconsin, a blue state, and I won four consecutive times. I still have a very high popularity appeal.

And I'm the one that started welfare reform, reduced the welfare caseload in the United States and the state of Wisconsin by 93 percent.

And I believe that kind of a record will attract Democrats and independents, if you stand up and start talking on principles and ideas.

Where I think the Republican Party lost its way is we went to Washington to change Washington -- Washington changed us. We forget to be coming up with new ideas, big ideas like Ronald Reagan.

Ronald Reagan had an optimism and a belief that America could be stronger and better tomorrow than it is today, and he instilled that and inculcated that in every American. That's what we have to do as a party again.

MODERATOR Thanks, Governor.

SenatorLOSER Jack Abramoff, Mark Foley, Duke Cunningham in prison for bribes. Just last month, FBI raids of two Republican members of Congress.

What's with your party and all this corruption?

LOSER And there are also Democrat members that there was cash found in refrigerators or deep freezes.

I think you have to look at the overall situation and system and say this people were wrong and they should go to jail, and they are going to jail.

And they would go to jail under my administration.

But I think you also have to back up and ask, we, as a society, what we can do to bring stronger families and build a stronger culture as well. We need to have laws to enforce these systems and, we, as leaders need to live by those laws as well.

But we need to back up as a society. We need to rebuild the family structure in this country. We've got 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock. We've got a culture that's got things like what Don Imus said going on not only on the radio, now it's in records that are being marketing to teenagers with million dollar ad budgets using the same words that he was fired for.

I mean, what I would hope to do is to lead by example, lead ethically, lead in rebuilding the family and in renewing the culture.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, you want to respond to that question that John put about these serious problems of ethics violations?

LOSER Yes, well, they are not unique to the Republican Party. These are failures by individuals and it's important to understand that, and they should, of course, be dealt with.

Let me also, please, if I -- because I've had enough opportunity -- I shouldn't say enough, but certainly an opportunity to address some of these other issues, especially with regard to whether or not it has to be a centrist who wins the presidency of the United States.

Look, we're standing in a place dedicated to a man who we would not call a centrist, who was able to win this state. He was also able to win the presidency, twice. Why? Because he believed in principles, he articulated them, and he put them into effect. He had heart. We know it. We saw it. The American people saw it, and they respected that.

I believe it's not necessarily whether you're a centrist or not.

MODERATOR It's time now.

LOSER I believe it's whether or not you believe in your heart in the things that you say, and I do.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, when you announced last week, you took a couple of shots at incompetence in government. You talked about you wouldn't put up with having police and fire radios on different frequencies.

And I somehow got the idea you were talking about New York City.

(Laughter)

WINNER No, I was talking about the fact that the special interests have kept the spectrum, which the American people are supposed to have and our first responders are supposed to have -- we gave the broadcasters high definition television.

In return, they were supposed to give a spectrum that was going to be reserved for the first responders.

Again, the special interest influence prevailed over the public's interest.

On the issue of why we lost the election in 2006, it's because we did lose our way. We began to value principle (ph) over power, and spending got out of control. Spending lurched completely out of control.

Ronald Reagan used to say, we spend money like a drunken sailor. I never knew a sailor, drunk or sober, with the imagination of the Congress.

And by the way, I received an e-mail recently from a guy who said, "As a former drunken sailor, I resent being compared to members of Congress."

(Laughter)

MODERATOR It's time now for another round of interactive questions. We're going to go to Jim VandeHei right now.

WINNER Can I -- I thought I had a yellow -- I thought I had a yellow light there.

MODERATOR It's red now.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR I'm sorry.

WINNER I'm sorry. The first pork-barrel bill that crosses my desk, I'm going to veto it and make the authors of those pork-barrel items famous all over America. We're going to stop it.

MODERATOR Sorry, Senator.

This is actually a great follow to that, Senator McCain. Chris Harris from Manhattan, Kansas, is very concerned about the budget and about deficits. He wants to know, what specific programs would you cut if you were president?

WINNER Line-item veto is the best tool. President Reagan sought it, and we need it very badly.

There are a whole variety of programs that need to be cut, and I would start in cleaning up defense acquisition. The cost overruns associated with the purchase of our weapons systems is completely out of control. There's a $160 million combat ship that is now $400 million.

We've got to get that under control first. Let's stop the pork- barrel spending; then we'll go at programs.

Each one of them must justify their existence every year. They will lay out their goals, and then they will have to meet those goals, or they will go out of business.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

Governor Huckabee, a Politico.com reader wants a letter grade. He wants to know, A through F, how would you rate the Bush administration's handling of the Iraq war?

Huckabee I think it's too early to give them the grade. You don't give a student a grade in the middle of the exam. We're still in the middle of the exam. Let's wait and see how it turns out, then we can give the president a grade.

MODERATOR But a teacher will usually give you a heads-up, maybe midway through that semester.

(Laughter)

Huckabee My teachers never did. I don't know where you went to school, but in Arkansas...

(Laughter)

... we didn't get a grade until it was over, and usually we didn't want to take it home.

(Laughter)

MODERATOR Governor Romney, you said that being a pro-life president entails more than just appointing strict constructionist judges. A Politico.com reader wants to know what you meant by that and whether that was directed specifically at Mayor Giuliani.

It's directed at anybody who's not pro-life. And I have had the opportunity of serving as a governor and finding that while the courts were making decisions that affected abortion, it's really upon the legislature and the governor to have an impact as well.

LOSER And so you can fight, for instance, to make sure that partial-birth abortion is made illegal. You can fight to have information given to women who are thinking about having an abortion. You can fight to make sure that there's opportunities for people to express their views on this topic openly and near abortion clinics.

You can fight for the opportunity to go out and campaign for the rights of those who care about this issue to be heard before Election Day, and the McCain-Feingold law prevents that from happening.

MODERATOR It's time, Governor.

Let me ask Mayor Giuliani, do you want to respond to this? Because it seems like across the room here, this strong, unrelenting -- with the exception of Governor Gilmore, an unrelenting pro-life position. You seem to have a nuanced position on this. Many people think you're pro-choice. Could you define it in a couple of seconds?

LOSER Sure. This is a very, very difficult issue of conscience for many, many people. In my case, I hate abortion. I would encourage someone to not take that option. When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65, 70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent.

But ultimately, since it is an issue of conscience, I would respect a woman's right to make a different choice.

I support the ban on partial-birth abortion. I support the Hyde amendment. But ultimately, I think when you come down to that choice, you have to respect a woman's right to make that choice differently than my conscience.

And I'd like to respond on spending...

MODERATOR OK, later. We'll have to kill you now because it's a red light.

Governor Thompson, is racism still a problem in our society, and can a president do anything about it?

LOSER A president can do a lot of things. A president can set a vision that's going to abrogate as much as possible racism in our society. A president has got to be able to get out and speak and be able to unite.

And the great thing about Ronald Reagan was, he was a uniter, and that's exactly what I tried to do as governor of the state of Wisconsin. I tried to bring people together. And if you do that, you can reduce and abrogate racism to a very great degree, and the president of the United States has got to be the number one person in doing that.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, David Kim from here in California wants to know Beside yourself, who do you think should be the Republican nominee for president of the United States, and why?

LOSER Well, of course, if I thought there should be another one, I wouldn't be here. I think that I serve the purpose, and I think we -- good men all here. Don't get me wrong.

But I am telling you this. There are issues that I believe have not been addressed tonight, not in full, and I believe that they do separate us. And I certainly believe the issue of immigration and immigration reform and what's going to happen to this country unless we deal with this forthrightly -- no more platitudes, no more obfuscating with using words like, well, I am not for amnesty, but I am for letting them stay.

That kind of stuff has got to be taken away from the political debate, as far as I'm concerned, so people can understand exactly who is where on this incredibly important issue.

LOSER And when they see that, I think, frankly, I'm the candidate.

MODERATOR OK. Time.

Anyone have a follow-up with that? Anyone disagree with the strong anti-illegal-immigration position, take a strong view?

Senator McCain?

WINNER Well, I'm happy to say that we've been working very hard for a couple of months with Democrats and Republicans, led by the president and his Cabinet, to come up with a comprehensive solution and resolution of this terrible problem.

One thing we would all agree on, the status quo is not acceptable. We have to secure our borders. But we also need a temporary worker program, and we have to dispose of the issue of 12 million people who are in this country illegally.

This issue is an important and compelling one, and it begins with national security. But we also need to address it comprehensively. And I'm proud to work with the president of the United States...

MODERATOR Time.

WINNER ... on this issue.

MODERATOR Time. I've got to go to Jim VandeHei.

VandeHei Congressman Hunter, Kay Thomas from Honolulu, Hawaii, wants to know if you watched Al Gore's environmental documentary, "An Inconvenient Truth."

LOSER No, I didn't watch it. But, you know, I think that global warming and the need to be energy-independent gives us a great opportunity.

I think we should bring together all of our colleges, our universities, the private sector, government laboratories, and undertake what, for this next generation, will be a great opportunity and a great challenge to remove energy dependence on the Middle East and, at the same time, help the climate.

I think we can do that. We need to take taxes down to zero for the alternative energy sources. We need to make sure that all the licensing from our laboratories that goes to the private sector goes to the American manufacturing sector for these energy systems.

MODERATOR Congressman, that's time.

(Crosstalk)

MODERATOR That's time.

LOSER I think we can do it.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, Bob Hussay (ph) from Minnesota writes that perhaps the most important skill a good president must have is the ability to make good, sound decisions, often in a crisis situation.

Please cite an example when you had to make a decision in crisis.

LOSER I wonder if he's referring to a political decision like running for office, or something like that.

(Laughter)

I guess, in medicine, I made a lot of critical decisions.

LOSER I mean, you're called upon all the time to make critical, life-saving decisions. But I can't think of any one particular event where I made a critical decision that affected a lot of other people. But I think all our decisions we make in politics are critical.

My major decision, political decision, which was a constitutional decision, was to urge for (inaudible) years that this country not go to war in Iraq.

MODERATOR Dr. Paul, that's -- again, is there another question for Jim?

Governor Gilmore, this question comes from Malika (ph) in Washington, D.C. "Women are the fastest growing prison population. Most are mothers who are non-violent, first-time offenders. What will you do to address the issue of mothers behind bars and the children left behind?

LOSER You know, when I was governor of Virginia, I had to deal with a great number of these issues, and I think that we have to insist upon the obedience to the law.

And that means that we have to let the courts and the juries make decisions based upon all of those matters. When I was prosecutor -- I was an elected prosecutor -- I had to address these issues all the time. And the fact is, that we just simply have to have the law apply in an appropriate way.

I would like to answer that question about decision-making. I was governor of the state of Virginia during the 9/11 attack, and I had to act immediately in order to address these issues. And I was also chairman of a national commission on terrorism that addressed these issues as well.

MODERATOR We have to go down the line again. It's always fun to ask these questions down the line. We have Mr. Reagan here. The camera will not focus on her, but I will tell you, it will now focus on you.

Mrs. Reagan wants to expand federal funding of embryonic stem cell research. Will that progress under your administration, Governor?

LOSER It certainly will. Altered nuclear transfer, I think, is perhaps the best source...

MODERATOR Embryonic. Embryonic.

LOSER Altered nuclear transfer creates embryo-like cells that can be used for stem cell research. In my view, that's the most promising source. I have a deep concern about curing disease.

I have a wife that has a serious disease that could be affected by stem cell research and others. But I will not -- I will not create new embryos through cloning or through embryo farming, because that will be creating life for the purpose of destroying it.

MODERATOR And you won't take any from these fertility clinics to use either?

LOSER I'm happy to allow that to -- or I shouldn't say happy. It's fine for that to be allowed, to be legal. I won't use our government funds for that. Instead, I want our governments to be used on Dr. Hurlbut's method, which is altered nuclear transfer.

MODERATOR The same question, embryonic stem cell research with federal funds, sir.

LOSER It will not, with all due respect to Mrs. Reagan and her desires here. I've studied this matter a great deal. We are curing and healing people with adult stem cells.

MODERATOR OK.

LOSER It is not necessary to kill a human life for us to heal people. And we're doing it with adult stem cell work, and it's getting done.

MODERATOR OK. I'm going to have to go yes or no.

Governor Gilmore, for embryonic stem cell federal funding or not?

LOSER We can't create people in order to experiment with people.

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee?

Huckabee I would concur. I don't think it's right to create a life to end a life. That's not a good health decision.

MODERATOR Congressman?

LOSER No. I'd like to show Mrs. Reagan the alternatives, which are adult stem cells.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson.

LOSER There's so much research going on, Chris, you cannot answer that question yes or no. There's research currently going on right now at the Weissman Center (ph) in Madison, Wisconsin, that's going to allow for adult stem cells to become pluripotent, which will have the same characteristics of embryonic stem cells, so you do not have to kill an embryo.

MODERATOR Senator, embryonic stem cell federal funding.

WINNER I want to thank Mrs. Reagan for the many kindnesses extended to me many -- and my fellow prisoners of war many years ago when we came home to this wonderful state.

I believe that we need to fund this. This is a tough issue for those of us in the pro-life community. I would remind you that these stem cells are either going to be discarded or perpetually frozen.

We need to do what we can to relieve human suffering. It's a tough issue. I support federal funding.

MODERATOR That's a yes. Dr. Paul, yes or no on federal funding?

LOSER Programs like this are not authorized under the Constitution.

The trouble with issues like this is, in Washington we either prohibit it or subsidize it. And the market should deal with it, and the states should deal with it.

MODERATOR OK. That's a no.

LOSER As long as we're not creating life in order to destroy it, as long as we're not having human cloning, and we limit it to that, and there is plenty of opportunity to then use federal funds in those situations where you have limitations.

So I would support it with those limitations, like Senator Coleman's bill in Congress.

MODERATOR Mr. Tancredo?

LOSER There are billions of dollars going into this research right now. It does not require me taking money from federal -- from taxpayers in the United States to fund it...

MODERATOR OK. Thank you.

LOSER ... because it is morally, I think, reprehensible in certain ways.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, a year ago, it seemed that you couldn't wait to tell the world about your health-care experiment in Massachusetts. Since then, it's been criticized by conservatives as something Hillary Clinton could've devised. You hardly mention it on your Web site. What's changed?

LOSER I love it. It's a fabulous program.

I'm delighted with the fact that we, in our state, worked together across the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, to find a way to get health care for all of our citizens that's affordable and that's portable.

Now, I know there's some people that don't like it, but when it came time to vote, you know, we won 198-2. The Heritage Foundation worked on it with us. We had people on both sides of the aisle.

Now, I know there's some people who wonder about it. Senator Kennedy, at the signing of the bill -- we were all there together -- he said, "You know, if you've got Mitt Romney and Ted Kennedy agreeing to the same bill, it means one thing. One of us didn't read it."

(Laughter)

But I helped write it and I knew it well, and this is a country that can get all of our people insured with not a government takeover, without Hillary care, without socialized medicine. Instead, get the market to do its job. Let me people have health care that they can afford. Get the market to do its job. Let people have the opportunity to choose policies in the private sector.

We didn't expand government programs. We didn't raise taxes. There was no government takeover. The market can work to solve our health care needs, and that's the great, exciting news. And 27 other states are working on health care reform right now. It's a great program, a great opportunity for the entire country.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, some of your colleagues have been hit pretty hard on flip-flops, but you now support extending President Bush's tax cuts.

But you originally voted against them. That makes no sense.

WINNER Because in the proposal that I had, there were significant tax cuts. And the thing that bothered me was that there was no provision to start addressing Social Security or a contingency.

We had a contingency called the Iraq war. And we had no restrain on spending. And spending got completely out of control.

Yes, these tax cuts needs to be made permanent. Otherwise they will have the effect of a tax increase. But spending is destroying the future of this country. And we've got to get it under control.

And as I started to say before, the first pork barrel earmark bill that crosses my desk as president of the United States, I'm going to veto it and I'm going to make the authors of it famous.

MODERATOR OK. Let's start with an enjoyable down-the-line, OK?

I want each candidate to mention a tax you'd like to cut, in addition to the Bush tax cuts, keeping them in effect.

Governor?

LOSER I like middle-income Americans to be able to save their money and not have to pay any tax at all on interests, dividends or capital gains. And by the way, we're all talking about...

MODERATOR A zero rate on capital.

LOSER A zero rate on capital gains for middle-income Americans. And by the way, we're all talking about how anxious we are to veto overspending. I was a governor. I've done it hundreds of times. I can't wait to get my hands on Washington's budget.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER I'd put forward an alternative flat tax and allow people to choose between the current tax code system, which doesn't work, which I'll be taking behind the barn and killing with a dull ax, and an alternate flat tax and let them choose.

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore, tax you'd like to cut?

LOSER You know, Chris, I've been a governor of Virginia. I ran on a tax cut proposal, and I ran on eliminating the car tax in Virginia. I received terrific opposition to doing that. I kept my word, kept my promise, and we eliminated that car tax. Now, the question is, who is actually going to do what they say they're going to do? Where have you been is where you're going to go, and I have actually lived up to my word.

And the answer is, the alternative minimum tax, which is continuing to drive people in the middle class into higher and higher tax brackets (ph).

MODERATOR Governor Huckabee.

Huckabee Well, I cut taxes 94 times as governor, but I realize tinkering with it doesn't work.

I'd overhaul it. I would work for the fair tax, which meets the four criteria flatter, fairer, finite, family friendly. We'd get rid of the IRS. We're get rid of all capital gains, income, corporate. And we'd have a consumption tax.

The fair tax proposal, I believe, offers the best opportunity for all levels of Americans.

MODERATOR Congressman, your turn.

LOSER Absolutely. Chris, you know, right now our manufacturers are getting killed. We're seeing manufacturing move offshore because a dumb trade deal that we signed with the rest of the world allows all of our exports to be taxed twice while their exports to us are not taxed at all.

The only way that we can even come close to leveling that playing field is to eliminate manufacturing taxes. So eliminate all taxes on Americans who will stay in the United States and make products and hire American workers.

MODERATOR Governor?

LOSER Thank you very much.

I'm excited about this question because I was governor of Wisconsin and vetoed 1,900 items -- 1,900 times -- reduced taxes $16.4 billion.

I think the biggest problem we've got in America is the alternative minimum tax that's bringing more middle-income people in. Let's put it in -- let's have the people have a flat tax and have the option of paying whichever is least.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

WINNER I'd give the president of the United States the line- item veto on these bills as well as spending bills.

The alternative minimum tax is obviously eating Americans alive, and it's got to be repealed.

Another one -- another one I think is important is a $3,000 tax credit for people to be able to purchase health insurance. So low- income Americans will have access to health care, which is an amazing and difficult problem today.

And a simpler, flatter, fair tax so that Americans don't have to spend $140 billion, as they just did last April, to prepare their tax returns.

MODERATOR OK.

Dr. Paul?

LOSER Well, in my first week, I already got rid of the income tax.

In my second week, I would get rid of the inflation tax. It's a tax that nobody talks about.

We live way beyond our means, with a foreign policy we can't afford, and an entitlement system that we have encouraged. We print money for it. The value of the money goes down, and poor people pay higher prices.

That is a tax. That's a transfer of wealth from the poor and the middle class to Wall Street. Wall Street's doing quite well, but the inflation tax is eating away at the middle class of this country. We need to get rid of the inflation tax with sound money.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER We have to adjust the AMT. That has to be reduced. We have to get rid of the death tax, which is going to go to zero in 2010, which is going to create an incentive -- I can't imagine what kind of an incentive it's going to create.

It's going to go to zero in 2010. And then in 2011, it's going to go to 55 percent. And we have to make sure that the tax cuts that went into effect, that that level remains. Otherwise, we're going to have one of the biggest tax increases in history in 2011.

LOSER And I would look to try to regularize the rates and look for some marginal reduction, even beyond what we're doing right now.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER For all the reasons mentioned by some of my colleagues, I absolutely support the fair tax. It has to be accompanied, however, with the repeal of the 16th Amendment or we'd end up with a consumption tax and an income tax.

And all this talk about vetoing spending bills and how that's going to solve our problem -- let me tell you, my friends, you can veto all the spending bills you want. You will not touch the deficit until you actually deal with the structural problem in mandatory spending.

That's where all the money is. You can veto every one of the bills that come to you as discretionary funding, including the military, if you want.

MODERATOR That's time.

LOSER It is, in fact, mandatory spending that has to be dealt with, or forget the idea of deficit spending.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you said you plan to appoint a Democrat to a major candidate post. Tell us some of the Democrats you've got in mind.

(Laughter)

We will give you bonus points if you give us a name other than Senator Lieberman.

WINNER I was going to say, the first three are Joe Lieberman and Joe Lieberman and Joe Lieberman.

MODERATOR Keep going. Keep going. There must be some others.

WINNER There are others who are qualified. There are many Americans who are Independents, who are Democrats, who are Republicans -- whatever they are -- who are highly qualified.

And I'll tell you what, I'd go to corporate America, I'd go to Silicon Valley and I'd say to John Chambers, who's a billionaire, "You've made your money. Now come. Come and serve. Come and serve this country."

I wouldn't care if these people with this great expertise, this great talent that have made America the leader of the world economically and innovation, I'd go to these people and I'd say, "Now come and serve your country."

And my first priority would be their talents and what they can contribute rather than what their party identification is.

We need to come together more. I know how to reach across the aisle to the Democrats and they know how to reach across the aisle to me.

WINNER I've been doing it for a long, long time.

MODERATOR Time for our final interactive segment of the program, in the debate. Jim VandeHei.

Congressman Hunter, Ryan from Los Angeles wants you to name one thing that the federal government does really well, and one thing that it does poorly.

LOSER Yes. Really well Precision munitions on Mr. Zarqawi's safe house.

(Laughter)

Really poorly Secure the border. Right now, the border is 2,000 miles of a very porous area where hundreds of thousands of people come across on an annual basis, and where last year we had 155,000 folks who came across from Mexico who were from other countries in the world. Some from communist China, some from Iran, some from Korea. We have to secure the border. That's the biggest failure of the federal government.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, this comes from a Politico.com reader and was among the top vote getters in our early rounds. They want a yes or a no. Do you believe in evolution?

WINNER Yes.

MODERATOR I'm curious, is there anybody on the stage that does not agree, believe in evolution?

WINNER May I just add to that?

MODERATOR Sure.

WINNER I believe in evolution. But I also believe, when I hike the Grand Canyon and see it at sunset, that the hand of God is there also.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, Robert Deitrich (ph) from Towson, Maryland, wants to know, which Cabinet official would be at the top of the list of those you'd like to carry into your administration if you're elected?

LOSER Well, my guess is it will be an entirely new team. My experience is you want to build a group of people who are excited about the prospects for the future.

And, for me, what I want to do is see that we strengthen our military, we strengthen our economy, and we strengthen the American family.

I think that's the heart of the Republican Party the American family. The American family is seeing an explosion in out-of-wedlock births. We've got great single moms doing their very best. But we have to encourage moms and dads, because the best work, the most critical work for the future of America is the work that goes on within the four walls of the American home. We've got to help the American family and get more marriages before babies.

MODERATOR Time.

That's time.

Mayor Giuliani, this question comes from Eric Taylor from California. He wants to know, what is the difference between a Sunni and a Shia Muslim?

LOSER The difference is the descendant of Mohammed. The Sunnis believe that Mohammed -- the caliphate should be selected, and the Shiites believe that it should be by descent. And then of course there was a slaughter of Shiites in the early part of the history of Islam, and it has infected a lot of the history of Islam, which is really very unfortunate.

MODERATOR Governor Gilmore, a Politico.com reader says you claim to be the only real conservative in this race. They want you to explain why none of the other candidates deserves the label themselves as the true conservative.

LOSER No, I have not tried to say I'm the only real conservative in the race, but I have tried to say that I am a consistent conservative and someone that you can count on, something that isn't going to say one thing one year and another thing another year and flip and flop and change around.

I'm a person who ran as a conservative.

LOSER I governed as a conservative. I was a alternate delegate for Ronald Reagan to the Kansas City convention back in 1976. So I have been consistent all throughout. And I'm someone that people can count on as a conservative.

MODERATOR Congressman Paul, Carrie from Connecticut asks Do you trust the mainstream media?

(Laughter)

LOSER Some of them.

(Laughter)

But I trust the Internet a lot more, and I trust the freedom of expression. And that's why we should never interfere with the Internet. That's why I've never voted to regulate the Internet. Even when there's the temptation to put bad things on the Internet, regulation of bad and good on the Internet should be done differently.

But, no, there's every reason to believe that we have enough freedom in this country to have freedom of expression. And that's what is important. And whether or not we trust the mainstream or not, I think you pick and choose. There are some friends, and some aren't so friendly.

MODERATOR Thank you, Doctor.

That's time.

Senator Brownback, a reader wants to know if your personal religious beliefs influence your foreign policy thinking.

LOSER I think personal beliefs of everybody shape everybody. I think we all have values.

And that is taken in and that's taken forward. I've served on the International Relations Committee. I have worked on these issues. I've carried bills concerning Sudan. I've carried bills concerning Congo. I've carried bills concerning North Korea and Iran and Iraq.

I wouldn't say it dominates it, but I would say it influences it as it does for everybody. And I've got a consistent record here of an aggressive, clear, compassionate foreign policy that I think is key. It's going to be key for a future president.

MODERATOR That's the time.

LOSER And my presidency will have a very strong, aggressive foreign policy.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, Jesse from Madison wants to know "What do you consider to be your most significant weakness as a candidate for the president of the United States?"

LOSER The fact that they're not all endorsing me.

(Laughter)

I don't know. I mean, I think my strengths outweigh my weaknesses. I have plenty of weaknesses and I kind of work on them, but I think that I'm a person who's an optimist. I try to look at the half-full glass rather than a half-empty glass.

The only way I could turn around a city like New York, that was considered the crime capital of America and turn it into the safest large city in America, is to kind of inculcate some of that Ronald Reagan optimism and look to try to create results that people thought were impossible, and we did.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, do you find any faults in Mayor Giuliani?

(Laughter)

I saw you looking attentively, waiting for him to say something.

LOSER No, I don't. And I think the crowd will see and I think the audience will see as well that's watching this, these are a set of quality candidates. And that's why I love about this, is we've got a chance to debate ideas.

And we win as a party when we run on ideas, big ideas and principles. And you're seeing these articulated here, and that's why we're going to win in 2008. It's going to be on principles and ideas and big ideas, how we lead.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Huckabee, this question comes from a reader in New York "In light of the scandals plaguing the current administration and its allies, involving corruption and cronyism, which mistakes have you learned not to repeat?"

Huckabee The most important thing a president needs to do is to make it clear that we're not going to continue to see jobs shipped overseas, jobs that are lost by American workers, many in their 50s who, for 20 and 30 years, have worked to make a company rich, and then watch as a CEO takes a $100 million bonus to jettison those American jobs somewhere else. And the worker not only loses his job, but he loses his pension.

That's criminal. It's wrong. And if Republicans don't stop it, we don't deserve to win in 2008.

MODERATOR Congressman Tancredo, this reader requests a yes or no answer "Will you work to protect women's rights, as in fair wages and reproductive choice?"

LOSER I will work to protect women's rights.

The reproductive choice part of that, if I heard you correctly, is a reference to abortion. The right to kill another person is not a right that I would agree with and support.

MODERATOR Governor Thompson, Joanie from California wants to know how many American soldiers have lost their lives in the Iraq war, and how many have been injured, to date?

LOSER There's been over 3,000 that have been lost and several thousand that have been injured. And the truth of the matter is, is that we have to do everything we possibly can to give our troops the necessary dollars, the resources, the weaponry and the armed forces, in order to be able to protect themselves.

It's a bond that every American has with our armed forces. Any time an American soldier's in harm's way, we have to do everything, as our country, to protect them.

MODERATOR We're at the last round. It's going to be 30-second responses. I want to start with Mayor Giuliani.

Something you've come out for, I believe -- I want you to explain it and defend it a national tamper-proof ID card.

LOSER I think that's critical to having immigration security. Every single person in this country who comes in from a foreign country should be identified, should be in a database. It should be a tamper-proof card.

LOSER I probably have the most experience in dealing with security. I had to take a city that had an outlandish amount of crime and reduce it.

So the very, very best way to sensibly create security is to have a tamper-proof card, a database, and then kind of back up from that -- well, how do we get there? That would allow for a fence, a technological fence, border patrol, having people come forward. People who are paying taxes or who want to pay taxes...

MODERATOR That's the time.

LOSER ... God bless them. Let them pay taxes.

MODERATOR Governor Romney, I think -- are you with him on that, a tamper-proof ID card?

LOSER Absolutely. I had the occasion, as you know, following the great disaster on 9/11, to help organize the Olympic Winter Games, bring people from all over the world together in Salt Lake City, organize the first national special security event following that tragedy, and brought together law enforcement from all over the country, coordinated them in a way that we could communicate with each other.

There's no question as we deal with the issue of immigration, having a national special card that indicates a person's name, date, birth date, biographic information, and an indication of their work status will allow us to know who's here legally, who's not, who can work and who cannot.

MODERATOR Is someone against this on libertarian grounds, the idea of a national ID card?

Senator Brownback?

LOSER I don't think this is the way to go, and I don't think we need to go this way. And I've been serving on the Judiciary Committee and working on these immigration issues.

What we need to do is secure the border with a fence, and then interior-wise, we need to make sure that that Social Security number means something. We already have a Social Security number.

MODERATOR How's that different from a national ID card if it works?

LOSER Because we don't need a new system, and we don't need a new ID.

(Crosstalk)

MODERATOR Senator McCain, Senator McCain, are you for a national, tamper-proof ID card?

WINNER That's one of the recommendations of the 9-11 Commission. And absolutely, if someone wants to work, they have to have a document that's tamper-proof. And any employer who employs someone else with any other document like a bogus Social Security card or birth certificate should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

MODERATOR Dr. Paul.

LOSER I am absolutely opposed to a national ID card. This is a total contradiction of what a free society is all about.

LOSER The purpose of government is to protect the secrecy and the privacy of all individuals, not the secrecy of government. We don't need a national ID card.

MODERATOR Mr. Tancredo, do you agree with the need for a national tamper-proof ID card?

LOSER We do not need a national -- I do not think we need a national ID card, much for the reasons that Dr. Paul said. We absolutely need a verifiable Social Security card. They are two separate things. I believe that we can accomplish the former without jeopardizing individuals liberties...

MODERATOR But you say legally you have to be who you say you are?

LOSER Pardon me?

MODERATOR You have to be the person on that card.

LOSER That is absolutely what I'm saying. It's got to be verifiable, absolutely.

MODERATOR OK, let me go to a question that's more ephemeral and it is passing and it will decided in the next several months. We'll go down the line again. This isn't as much fun as cutting taxes. Do you think Scooter Libby should be pardoned.

Governor?

LOSER I don't think somebody who is running for president, let alone someone who is president, should make that decision until the judicial process is complete. I can tell you that I think it was outrageous for the prosecutor, knowing that Scooter Libby was not the source of the leak, to go ahead and begin interviewing him, gathering information, setting up a case against him.

I think it was prosecutorial indiscretion.

And by the way, the national ID card -- that's for aliens, not for citizens.

MODERATOR Oh, you don't want a national ID card, Governor?

LOSER No, it's for those that come here outside the country.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, you want it for everyone, right?

LOSER No, no, I'm talking about it for people who come into the United States, foreigners, people who come in as immigrants into the United States.

MODERATOR OK, that will be tested...

LOSER The only way in which you know who they are.

MODERATOR That will be interesting how that's tested.

Let me got to senator. Do you think Scooter Libby should be...

LOSER Let the legal process move forward, and I'd leave that up to President Bush. And I think he could go either way on that.

MODERATOR The judge is going to rule on that case next month and decide whether he will be in prison during his appeal. Would you let it go, let him be imprisoned?

LOSER At this point in time, I would leave that up to the president, if at the end of the term, he decides to let him out.

MODERATOR You don't encourage him to repeal, to...

LOSER I would see willingness to go either way on that, because the underlying facts of this case are ones where there was not a law that was violated. So what they're saying is OK, you didn't remember right, and that's what you're being prosecuted, and that was what you were guilty for. And, my goodness...

MODERATOR Two noes. Two no pardons so far.

LOSER First, Chris, I think that, like...

MODERATOR Not yet.

LOSER Not yet. Like others, I think that we have to deal with these papers, with respect to illegal immigrants, not with respect to all Americans. We should not have a national ID card. We should have that more diffused across the states.

With respect to Scooter Libby, I actually was an elected prosecutor. I handled many cases myself, and I also managed many other cases. The law has to apply within the discretion of the prosecutor.

Now, if the president is going to exercise -- which I have, by the way, done myself, as a chief executive -- pardons or clemency, in this particular case, as high-profile as it is, you have to go to the American people and make your case as to why that kind of discretion ought to be applied. And if he can't make that case, then he shouldn't do it.

MODERATOR So we don't want another Marc Rich.

LOSER Pardon?

MODERATOR Never mind.

(Laughter)

LOSER No, that's right.

MODERATOR Does anybody want to -- I want to save time here. Does any gentleman want to raise his hand and say, "Pardon him"?

LOSER Yes. Yes.

MODERATOR OK, Congressman Tancredo wants to pardon him.

Tancredo (?) I'd say pardon him. But right after or before you pardon him, Ramos and Compean -- two people who are presently serving prison time for actually doing their job on the border...

MODERATOR OK. Dr. Paul, do you want to pardon them?

LOSER No. He doesn't need a pardon. But he doesn't need it because he was instrumental in the misinformation that led the Congress and the people to support a war that we didn't need to be in.

MODERATOR OK. Let me ask you a question which has grabbed a lot of Americans personally, the Terri Schiavo case.

Again, it was a question whether the United States, the U.S. Congress should have intervened and passed a law to advise the appellate court whether to act or not in this case -- the district court, it was.

Terri Schiavo Should Congress have acted or let the family make the decision, the husband?

LOSER I think we should generally make the family make a decision of this nature.

MODERATOR The husband should have decided?

LOSER Generally, we should make that decision. In the case here, the courts decided what they thought was the right thing to do. And then I think Jeb Bush and the Florida legislature did the right thing by saying, we've got a concern. They looked over the shoulder of the court. But I think the decision of Congress to get involved was a mistake.

MODERATOR OK.

LOSER I think the Congress's job is to make sure that laws are respecting the sanctity of life. But to actually adjudicate a case like this, better done at the state level by the governor...

MODERATOR Senator Brownback, should Congress...

LOSER ...the legislature and the court.

MODERATOR ... have gotten involved in a personal case?

LOSER Yes, it should have. And it gave her the right, and the family the right to take that appeal to the court. That's what the Congress did.

And her life is sacred. Even if it's in that difficult moment that she's in at that point in time, that life is sacred, and we should stand for life in all its circumstances.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, was Congress right in intervening in that case?

WINNER It was a very difficult issue. All of us were deeply moved by the pictures and the depiction of this terrible, tragic case. In retrospect, we should have taken some more time, looked at it more carefully, and probably we acted too hastily.

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani, was that a good thing for Congress to do to get involved that weekend?

LOSER The family was in dispute. That's what we have courts for. And the better place to decide that in a much more -- I think in a much fairer and even in a deeper way is in front of a court.

MODERATOR I want to ask you a question almost as much fun...

(Crosstalk)

MODERATOR I want to get to the next question. I'm sorry, because you can expand on your thought as part of this answer.

I asked about raising taxes. It was almost like the Reagan round here. Everybody wanted to do that. I'm sure he was listening to that good thought.

(Laughter)

But let me ask you about something else that might be a negative in the upcoming campaign. Seriously.

Would it be good for America to have Bill Clinton back living in the White House?

(Laughter)

LOSER You have got to be kidding.

MODERATOR No, I'm not.

(Laughter)

His wife's running, haven't you heard?

LOSER The only thing I can think of that'd be as bad as that would be to have the gang of three running the war on terror Pelosi, Reid and Hillary Clinton.

So I have to be honest with you, I think it'd be an awful thing for a lot of reasons.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback?

LOSER I think it'd be bad because it would mean that Hillary Clinton would be elected, not because of who she is, but because of the policies that she stands for of raising taxes, of not standing up for life, for marriage. I mean, those are what would be bad for the country.

MODERATOR Governor, Bill Clinton back in the White House?

LOSER You know, no, because that would mean that Hillary Clinton would be president of the United States, and where you have been is where you're going to go.

And Hillary Clinton tried to socialize medicine in this country -- a very bad idea. You need to keep that in the private sector. And yet she said in this debate...

MODERATOR Well, we have a razorback ready to talk to you, the razorback from Arkansas.

Should the Clintons come back to the White House, especially big Bill?

Huckabee No one on this stage probably knows Hillary Clinton better than I do...

LOSER Oh, my.

(Laughter)

Huckabee ... and I will tell you that it's probably not a good idea to put either of them back in the White House.

MODERATOR OK.

Congressman, Bill Clinton back home?

LOSER You know, Bill Clinton cut the U.S. Army by almost 50 percent. In this war against terror, he's the wrong guy to have in there.

And incidentally, on the Schiavo case, you know, Ronald Reagan said, on the question of life, "When there's a question, err on the side of life." I think Congress did the right thing.

MODERATOR Governor, should Bill Clinton be back in the White House? Is it good for America? I mean, it is a possibility here.

LOSER A bad possibility. No national I.D. And the Terri Schiavo case should be left up to the states. And Bill Clinton should not be in the White House.

And we certainly should not elect any Democrat to the White House. One of us here should be the next president.

MODERATOR Good clean-up, good clean-up hitting there.

(Laughter)

Senator?

WINNER No, because it obviously would mean that Senator Clinton is the president of the United States, and we don't want that.

Most importantly, it would mean that the appointment of Supreme Court justices and other judges would be -- take a very sharp turn to the left.

One of our greatest problems in America today is justices that legislate from the bench, activist judges.

I'm proud that we have Justice Alito and Roberts on the United States Supreme Court. I'm very proud to have played a very small role in making that happen.

MODERATOR OK.

Dr. Paul?

LOSER I am known for sticking to principle and not flip- flopping. I voted to impeach him, so...

(Laughter)

(Crosstalk)

MODERATOR Mayor Giuliani?

LOSER It would mean that we were back on defense against terrorism, given Senator Clinton's recent positions.

And the reality is, in the 1990s, we were on defense in dealing with Islamic fundamentalist terrorism.

When you had this debate last week and all the Democrats were up here, I never remember the words "Islamic fundamentalist terrorism" being spoken by any of them. And I heard it a lot tonight.

MODERATOR Mr. Tancredo, last thought?

LOSER I know that he is presently measuring the drapes over in the Oval Office...

(Laughter)

... but, no, it's a lousy idea.

MODERATOR You really think he's measuring the drapes, huh?

Let me start with a question. In all seriousness, if you want to pass, please pass it. We don't have much time.

Every president, if you look back to Ike, was elected to fill the problem of the previous president. We are, of course, correcting all the time in this country; it's how democracy works.

How will you be different, in any way, from President George W. Bush?

LOSER I think we're each our own person. We have our own values.

I respect the president's character, his passion, his love for this country. I believe everything he does in this war against terror flows from a desire to protect the American people and to make our future secure.

But I will go to work not only to win the war on terror as it relates to Iraq and Afghanistan, but on a global basis, not only with a strong military -- we need at least 100,000 more troops, more military spending.

But at the same time, we have to strengthen our economy and make sure that somebody who has been in the private sector all his life can protect American jobs.

And finally, strengthen the American family. That's what we've got to do.

MODERATOR OK. I've got to go to Senator McCain.

WINNER I would not have mismanaged the war. It was badly mismanaged for four years. Now we have a new strategy that I think and pray every night will succeed.

And I would have vetoed spending bill after spending bill after pork-barrel project after pork-barrel project, in the tradition of President Reagan.

MODERATOR Mr. Gilmore?

LOSER You know, Chris, this campaign is about the national security of the United States. And there are at least four things that need to be done.

We need to be vigorous on the war on terror, and we need to draw other people across the world to us as we address it.

Homeland security has got to become an entire effort of an entire community of the United States. And we have not yet achieved that.

MODERATOR OK.

Mr. Huckabee?

We have to move. I'm sorry.

LOSER And we have to energy independence.

MODERATOR I want to give everybody a shot.

Mr. Huckabee, Governor?

Huckabee I want to make sure that we went to a place where the states had more power and not centralized in the federal government.

That's been a mistake of this administration, I think an honest and sincere one, but a huge mistake.

And instead, we need to honor the Tenth Amendment, we need to remember that we are a nation of strong states and weak federal government, not strong federal centralized government and weak states.

MODERATOR Congressman Hunter?

LOSER You know, we won World War II, World War I and the Cold War with a major industrial base. We're losing our industrial base through bad trade policy right now. China is cheating on trade.

I would enforce trade laws. That's something that the president is not doing.

MODERATOR Senator Brownback?

LOSER I'd push more a political solution along with a military solution in Iraq, and here I would push a three-state, one- country solution in Iraq, with a Kurdish state, a Sunni state, a Shia state, with Baghdad as the federal city.

I think we've got to push a political solution, along with the military, to get to a stable situation in Iraq, which is our key political issue of the day.

MODERATOR Mr. Tancredo.

LOSER The president has done many good things, and I'm proud of him for -- he's a good man, but I'm telling you, on a number of issues, especially No Child Left Behind, the Medicare prescription bill, these things -- these things were overarching and overreaching for the federal government.

Also in terms of Iraq, it is time. You know, Benjamin Franklin said in 1727 -- 1787 that he wanted to...

MODERATOR Governor? Out of time. Governor Thompson then.

LOSER Could I please...

MODERATOR Governor Thompson please?

LOSER Many different areas. One, I would transform the health care system, a lot different than the president's talking about. I would set up a peaceful way to settle the situation in Iraq by allowing the Iraqis to elect their own leaders in the states and being able to split the oil revenues. I would set up medical diplomacy as well as educational diplomacy in order to expand our foreign relations.

MODERATOR Mr. Giuliani?

LOSER I think we should remind ourselves, because I remember it every day, that on September 11th, 2001, we thought we were going to be attacked many, many times between then and now.

We haven't been. I believe we had a president who made the right decision at the right time on September 20th, 2001, to put us on offense against terrorists. I think history will remember him for that. And I think we as Republicans should remind people of that.

MODERATOR Dr. Paul?

LOSER I certainly would continue on my earlier theme that foreign policy needs to be changed -- Mr. Republican, Robert Taft, we have a statue of him in Washington.

He advocated the same foreign policy that I advocate.

I would work very hard to protect the privacy of American citizens, being very, very cautious about warrantless searches. And I would guarantee that I would never abuse habeas corpus.

MODERATOR This is hardly the end of the 2008 presidential campaign, or even the beginning of the end. But it is, to quote Winston Churchill, "at least the end of the beginning."

This debate airs again tonight on MSNBC at 11 Eastern time. And in just a moment, I'll join Keith Olbermann on MSNBC for a complete debate analysis and coverage as the campaign heads to the spin room.

I want to thank everyone here.