 Senator Kennedy, one test of a new president's leadership will be the caliber of his appointments. It's a matter of interest here and overseas as to who will be the new secretary of state. Now, under our rules, I must ask this question of you, but I would hope that the Vice President also would answer it. Will you give us the names of three or four Americans, each of whom, if appointed, would serve with distinction in your judgment as secretary of state?
 Mr. Nixon, carrying forward this business about a timetable; as you know, the pressures are increasing for a summit conference. Now, both you and Senator Kennedy have said that there are certain conditions which must be met before you would meet with Khrushchev. Will you be more specific about these conditions?
 Yes, Governor Reagan, the decline of our cities has been hastened by the continual rise in crime, strained race relations, the fall in the quality of public education, the persistence of abnormal poverty in a rich nation, and a decline in the services to the public. The signs seem to point toward a deterioration that could lead to the establishment of a permanent underclass in the cities. What, specifically, would you do in the next 4 years to reverse this trend?
 Yes, Governor Reagan. Blacks and other nonwhites are increasing in numbers in our cities. Many of them feel that they are facing a hostility from whites that prevents them from joining the economic mainstream of our society. There is racial confrontation in the schools, on jobs, and in housing, as nonwhites seek to reap the benefits of a free society. What do you think is the Nation's future as a multiracial society?
 President Carter, the decline of our cities has been hastened by the continual rise in crime, strained race relations, the fall in the quality of public education, the persistence of abnormal poverty in a rich nation, and a decline in services to the public. The signs seem to point toward a deterioration that could lead to the establishment of a permanent underclass in the cities. What, specifically, would you do in the next 4 years to reverse this trend?
 Yes, President Carter, I'd like to repeat the same followup to you. Blacks and other nonwhites are increasing in numbers in our cities. Many of them feel that they are facing a hostility from whites that prevents them from joining the economic mainstream of our society. There is racial confrontation in the schools, on jobs, and in housing, as nonwhites seek to reap the benefits of a free society. What is your assessment of the Nation's future in a multiracial society?
 Governor Reagan, wage earners in this country — especially the young — are supporting a social security system that continues to affect their income drastically. The system is fostering a struggle between the young and the old, and is drifting the country toward a polarization of these two groups. How much longer can the young wage earner expect to bear the ever-increasing burden of the social security system?
 Yes, President Carter. Wage earners in this country, especially the young, are supporting a social security system that continues to affect their income drastically. The system is fostering a struggle between young and old and is drifting the country toward a polarization of these two groups. How much longer can the young wage earner expect to bear the ever-increasing burden of the social security system?
 Well, gentlemen, what I'd like to say first is, I think the panel and the audience would appreciate responsiveness to the questions, rather than repetitions of your campaign addresses. My question for the Governor is Every serious examination of the future supply of energy and other essential resources - including air, land and water - finds that we face shortages and skyrocketing prices, and that, in many ways, we're pushing the environment to dangerous limits. I'd like to know, specifically, what changes you would encourage and require in American lifestyles in automobile use, housing, land use and general consumption, to meet problems that aren't going to respond to campaign lullabies about minor conservation efforts and more production?

 Mr. President, in 1980 you promised the American people--in your campaign--a balanced budget by 1983. We've now had more and bigger deficits in the 4 years you've been in office. Mr. President, do you have a secret plan to balance the budget sometime in a second term, and if so, would you lay out that plan for us tonight?
 Mr. President, the Congressional Budget Office has some bad news. The lines aren't about to meet, according to their projections. They project that the budget deficit will continue to climb. In the year 1989 they project a budget deficit of $273 billion.In view of that, and in view of the economic recovery we are now enjoying, would it make sense to propose a tax increase or take some other fiscal measures to reduce that deficit now, when times are relatively good?
 Mr. Mondale, the Carter-Mondale administration didn't come close to balancing the budget in its 4 years in office either, despite the fact that President Carter did promise a balanced budget during his term.You have proposed a plan combining tax increases and budgetary cuts and other changes in the administration of the Government that would reduce the projected budget deficit by two-thirds, to approximately $87 billion in 1989. That still is an enormous deficit that will be running for these 4 years. What other steps do you think should be taken to reduce this deficit and position the country for economic growth?
 Mr. Mondale, one other way to attack the deficit is further reductions in spending. The President has submitted a number of proposals to Congress to do just that, and in many instances the House, controlled by the Democrats, has opposed them. Isn't it one aspect of leadership for prominent Democrats such as yourself to encourage responsible reductions in spending, and thereby reduce the deficit?
 Mr. President, would you describe your religious beliefs, noting particularly whether you consider yourself a born-again Christian, and explain how these beliefs affect your Presidential decisions?
 Given those beliefs, Mr. President, why don't you attend services regularly, either by going to church or by inviting a minister to the White House, as President Nixon used to do, or someone to Camp David, as President Carter used to do?
 Mr. Mondale, would you describe your religious beliefs and mention whether you consider yourself a born-again Christian, and explain how those beliefs would affect your decisions as President?
 I think I have a followup.
 Yes, I do.
 Yes, Mr. Mondale, you've complained, just now, about Jerry Falwell, and you've complained other times about other fundamentalists in politics. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't recall your ever complaining about ministers who are involved in the civil rights movement or in the anti-Vietnam war demonstrations or about black preachers who've been so involved in American politics. Is it only conservative ministers that you object to?Mr. Mondale, No. What I object to--  --what I object to--what I object to is someone seeking to use his faith to question the faith of another or to use that faith and seek to use the power of government to impose it on others.A minister who is in civil rights or in the conservative movement, because he believes his faith instructs him to do that, I admire. The fact that the faith speaks to us and that we are moral people, hopefully, I accept and rejoice in. It's when you try to use that to undermine the integrity of private political--or private religious faith and the use of the state is where--for the most personal decisions in American life--that's where I draw the line.
 After that discussion, this may be like going from the sublime to the ridiculous, but here goes. I have a political question for you,MODERATOR [Laughter]Polls indicate a massive change in the electorate, away from the coalition that has long made the Democratic Party a majority. Blue-collar workers, young professionals, their children, and much of the middle class now regard themselves as Independents or Republican instead of Democrats, and the gap--the edge the Democrats had in party registration seems to be narrowing.I'd like to ask you, Mr. Mondale, what is causing this? Is the Democratic Party out of sync with the majority of Americans? And will it soon be replaced as the majority party by the Republicans? What do you think needs to be done about it, as a Democrat?
 Mr. Mondale, isn't it possible that the American people have heard your message--and they are listening--but they are rejecting it?
 Mr. President, you and your party are benefiting from what appears to be an erosion of the old Democratic coalition, but you have not laid out a specific agenda to take this shift beyond November 6th. What is your program for America for the next decade, with some specificity?
 Mr. President, much of what you said affects the quality of life of many Americans--their income, the way they live, and so forth--but there's an aspect to quality of life that lies beyond the private sector which has to do with our neighborhoods, our cities, our streets, our parks, our environment. In those areas, I have difficulty seeing what your program is and what you feel the Federal responsibility is in these areas of the quality of life in the public sector that affects everybody, and even enormous wealth by one individual can't create the kind of environment that he might like.
 Thank you. Mr. Mondale, let me ask you about middle-class Americans and the taxes they pay. Now, I'm talking not about the rich or the poor--I know your views on their taxes--but about families earning 25,000 to 45,000 a year. Do you think that those families are overtaxed or undertaxed by the Federal Government?
 It sounds as if you are saying you think this group of taxpayers making 25,000 to 45,000 a year is already overtaxed, yet your tax proposal would increase their taxes. I think your aides have said those earning about 25,000 to 35,000, their tax rate would go up--their tax bill would go up a hundred dollars, and from 35,000 to 45,000, more than that, several hundred dollars. Wouldn't that stifle their incentive to work and invest and so on, and also hurt the recovery?
 Mr. President, let me try this on you. Do you think middle-income Americans are overtaxed or undertaxed?
 I thought I caught, Mr. President, a glimmer of a stronger statement there in your answer than you've made before. I think the operative position you had before was that you would only raise taxes in a second term as a last resort, and I thought you said flatly that "I'm not going to raise taxes." Is that what you meant to say, that you will not--that you will flatly not raise taxes in your second term as President'?
 Mr. President, the economic recovery is real, but uneven. The Census Bureau, just a month ago, reported that there are more people living under poverty now, a million more people living under it, than when you took office.There have been a number of studies, including studies by the Urban Institute and other nonpolitical organizations, that say that the impact of the tax and budget cuts and your economic policies have impacted severely on certain classes of Americans-working mothers, head of households, minority groups, elderly poor. In fact, they're saying the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer under your policies.What relief can you offer to the working poor, to the minorities, and to the women head of households who have borne the brunt of these economic programs? What can you offer them in the future, in your next term?
 Mr. President, in a visit to Texas--in Brownsville, I believe it was, in the Rio Grande Valley--you did observe that the economic recovery was uneven.
 In that particular area of Texas, unemployment was over 14 percent, whereas statewide, it was the lowest in the country, I believe--5.6 percent. And you made the comment, however, that man does not live by bread alone. What did you mean by that comment? And if I interpret it correctly, it would be a comment more addressed to the affluent who obviously can look beyond just the bread they need to sustain them, with their wherewithal.
 Mr. Mondale, as you can gather from the question to the President, the celebrated War on Poverty obviously didn't end the problem of poverty, although it may have dented it. The poor and the homeless and the disadvantaged are still with us. What should the Federal Government's role be to turn back the growth in the number of people living below the poverty level, which is now 35 million in the United States, and to help deal with the structural unemployment problems that the President was referring to in an uneven recovery?
 Mr. Mondale, is it possible that the vast majority of Americans who appear to be prosperous have lost interest in the kinds of programs you're discussing to help those less privileged than they are?
 I'd like to direct my question toLOSER What will you do as President to open foreign markets to fair competition from American business and to stop unfair competition here at home from foreign countries so that we can bring jobs back to the United States?
 This is forWINNER In the real world, that is, outside of Washington, DC, compensation and achievement are based on goals defined and achieved. My question is about the deficit. Would you define in specific dollar goals how much you would reduce the deficit in each of the 4 years of a Clinton administration and then enter into a legally binding contract with the American people that if you did not achieve those goals that you would not seek a second term? Answer yes or no, and then comment on your answer, please.
 Yes, I'd like to address all the candidates with this question. The amount of time the candidates have spent in this campaign trashing their opponents' character and their programs is depressingly large. Why can't your discussions and proposals reflect the genuine complexity and the difficulty of the issues to try to build a consensus around the best aspects of all proposals?
 If I may, and forgive the notes here, but I'm shy on camera. The focus of my work as a domestic mediator is meeting the needs of the children that I work with by way of their parents, and not the wants of their parents. I ask the three of you, how can we as, symbolically, the children of the future President, expect the two of you, the three of you, to meet our needs, the needs in housing and in crime and you name it, as opposed to the wants of your political spin doctors and your political parties?
 Can we focus on the issues and not the personalities and the mud? I think there is a need -- if we could take a poll here with the folks from Gallup, perhaps -- I think there is a real need here to focus at this point on the needs.
 Could we cross our hearts, and it sounds silly here, but could we make a commitment? You know, we're not under oath at this point, but could you make a commitment to the citizens of the United States to meet our needs, and we have many, and not yours again? You know, I repeat that; that's a real need I think that we all have.
 Yes. I would like to get a response from all three gentlemen. And the question is, what are your plans to improve the physical infrastructure of this Nation, which includes the water system, the sewer system, our transportation systems, et cetera? Thank you.
 My question was originally for Governor Clinton, but I think I would welcome a response from all three candidates. As you are aware, crime is rampant in our cities. In the Richmond area, and I'm sure it's happened elsewhere, 12-year-olds are carrying guns to school. And I'm sure when our Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, they did not mean for the right to bear arms to apply to 12-year-olds. So I'm asking, where do you stand on gun control, and what do you plan to do about it?
 Please state your position on term limits. And if you are in favor of them, how will you get them enacted?
 I'd like to ask Governor Clinton, do you attribute the rising costs of health care to the medical profession itself, or do you think the problem lies elsewhere? And what specific proposals do you have to tackle this problem?
 Yes, how has the national debt personally affected each of your lives? And if it hasn't, how can you honestly find a cure for the economic problems of the common people if you have no experience in what's ailing them?
 My question is for each of you, so -- --
 You, on a personal basis, how has it affected you?
 How?
 What I'm saying -- --
 Well, I've had friends that have been laid off in jobs -- --
 I know people who cannot afford to pay the mortgage on their homes, their car payment. I have personal problems with the national debt. But how has it affected you? And if you have no experience in it, how can you help us if you don't know what we're feeling?
 Yes.
 Yes, I do. My name is Ben Smith. I work in the financial field, counseling retirees. And I'm personally concerned about three major areas. One is the Social Security Administration or trust fund is projected to be insolvent by the year 2036. We've funded the trust fund with IOU's in the form of Treasury bonds. The pension guaranty fund which backs up our private retirement plans for retirees is projected to be bankrupt by the year 2026, not to mention the cutbacks by private companies. And Medicare is projected to be bankrupt maybe as soon as 1997.I would like from each of you a specific response as to what you intend to do for retirees relative to these issues, not generalities but specifics, because I think they're very disturbing issues.
 We've come to a position where we're in the new world order. And I'd like to know what the candidates feel our position is in this new world order and what our responsibilities are as a superpower.
 We've talked a lot tonight about creating jobs. But we have an awful lot of high school graduates who don't know how to read a ruler, who cannot fill out an application for a job. How can we create high-paying jobs with the education system we have? And what would you do to change it?
 What is it going to cost?
 What I'd like to know, and this is to any of the three of you, is aside from the recent accomplishments of your party, aside from those accomplishments in racial representation and without citing any of your current appointments or successful elections, when do you estimate your party will both nominate and elect an Afro-American and female ticket to the Presidency of the United States?
 I do, too.
 I said when's your guess?
 Excuse me, I'm extremely impressed with that.
 Sure. I just wanted to know -- --
 I'm totally impressed with that. I just wanted to know is when is your guess of when.
 Yeah.
 Hello,LOSER
 My name is Shannon MacAfee. I'm a beginning educator in this country, and I really think it's important what children have to say. They're still very idealistic, and everything they say comes from the heart. I have a quote for you from "If I Were President," compiled by Peggy Gavin. A sixth grader says, "If I were President, I would think about Abraham Lincoln and George Washington and what they did to make our country great. We should unite the white and black people and people of all cultures. Democrats and Republicans should unite also. We should all come together and think of the best ways to solve the economic problems of our country. I believe that when we are able to come together and stop fighting amongst ourselves, we will get along a lot better."These are the ideals and morals that we are trying to teach our children in these days, yet we don't seem to be practicing them in our Government, in anything. If you are President, how will you begin to practice what we are preaching to our children, the future of our Nation?
 Dr. Robert Berkeley; I'm a cardiologist from Fallbrook, California. Mr. President, I'd like to know if you'd please explain your plans for—in a substantive fashion, for addressing the problems with the health care system in our country.
 Senator Dole, my name is Jason Milligan, active-duty military and a small-business owner. And my question is, what is your position on closing the gap between military and civilian pay scales?
 I'm in the United States Navy, sir.
 I have an Amway business.
 President Clinton, my name is Cecily Kelly. Yesterday Yasser Arafat said in Palestine that he thinks the key to success in the Middle East is the commitment of Americans. Would you, as President, send American troops to Israel or the West Bank as peacekeepers?
 Senator Dole, Oscar Delgado.
 Ex-smoker for 30 years. About 30 years ago I was a pack-plus-a-day man, okay? You mentioned in a statement, you said some time ago that you didn't think nicotine was addictive. Would you care to—you still hold to that statement, or do you wish to recant or explain yourself?
 Yes.
 President Clinton, my name is Jack Fleck. I'm a retired Air Force pilot. Sir, it's officially forecast that our annual Medicare and Social Security deficits are measured in the trillions of dollars next century. Depending upon who you listen to, Social Security will be bankrupt in either 2025 or 2030. I feel this is grossly unfair, especially to our younger generations, who are losing faith in the system.My question is this Assuming you agree that our entitlement programs are on an unsustainable course, what specific reforms do you propose?
 Me?
 Senator Dole, my name is Suzanne Gonzalez, and I would like to know what you are— what would be your first step in reforming welfare.
 Mr. President, my name is Pamela Johnson, and I'm a landlord. My question is, does your party have any future plans to reduce the capital gains tax, especially for retired Americans?
 My name is Melissa Lydeana, and I'm a third-year student out at UC-San Diego. And I just want to say that it's a great honor representing the voices of America. My question is concerning you, Mr. Dole, all the controversy regarding your age. How do you feel you can respond to young voices of America today and tomorrow?
 Hello. My name is Chessie Sanders, and my question is do you feel that America has grown enough and has educated itself enough to totally cut out affirmative action?
 My name's Tim David. I'm a mechanical engineer. Senator Dole, how do you reduce taxes and balance the budget?
 My name is Dwayne Burns. I'm a martial arts instructor and a father. Mr. President, could you outline any plans you have to expand the family leave act?
 Hi. My name is Bridget Gianotti, and I'm a wife and mother of two sons from Carlsbad. And my question for you, Senator Dole, is as the wife of a San Diego business owner, I see one of our biggest problems is the U.S. does not manufacture enough of our own products. How would you help this problem out?
 I'm Bob Goldfarb. I'm a travel agent. And can you please explain your policy on the employment nondiscrimination act that would have prohibited discrimination, would have prohibited people from being fired from their jobs simply for being gay or lesbian?
 Senator Dole, I am Verda Stratigus, and I work in health care. And it's truly an honor to be here tonight to address both of you.
 Being in health care—we have talked a little bit about health care tonight, but mainly MediCal and Medicare have been mentioned, but the private sector is a problem. Managed care is taking over, especially in California, and because of that, the quality of care is going downhill. There are many, many people who cannot get the tests that they need when they need them. And because of that, they are dying needlessly. There are many, many more lawsuits being presented against the managed care industry because of this. And I think it's a real problem that needs to be addressed. What would you do if you were President?
 All right, I'd sort of like to—Coleen O'Connor. I teach history and political science at San Diego Mesa College right up the road here. And I'd like to tee off from the original question by another teacher and speak for those people that aren't here tonight. Sixty-three percent of the American people are not participating, that are eligible to vote, not even participating in the process. Several parties can't even get into the debate the Green Party, the Reform Party, the Natural Law Party. All of these people have basically opted out of what we're still participating in.And if we in fact are going to bring the country back together and be all faces around the table, the new American family, what do you see as something the President can do to begin that process to bring them back in?
 I'm Iris Seiffert, and I'm unemployed.
 Iris. Senator Dole, we talked about Social Security for us baby boomers, but shouldn't we be saving and investing for our own retirement as well? Are you planning any incentives to encourage us to take care of ourselves rather than to rely on the Government and on Social Security when we retire?
 Good evening. I'm Michael Smith. I'm an electronics technician in the Navy. My question was how you plan to deal with the trade deficit with Japan?
 Ron Kite, minister.
 This great Nation has been established by the Founding Fathers, who possessed very strong Christian beliefs and godly principles. If elected President of the United States, what could you do to return this Nation to these basic principles? And also, do you feel that the office of the President has the responsibility to set the role example to inspire our young people?
 My name is Evette Duby, and I too am a minister; I'm with the Universal Fellowship of Metropolitan Community Churches.President Clinton, perhaps you can help me with something tonight. I've heard Mr. Dole say several times, "all of us together." And when he was asked if he would support equal rights in employment for gay and lesbian people, you said that you favored that, and he said that he did not believe in special rights. And I thought the question was equal rights for all people, and I don't understand why people are using the term "special rights" when the question is equal rights. Could you help me in understanding that?
 Steve Tidalbaum, Santa Monica, California.Many Americans were very happy to hear Senator McCain condemn the Christian far right leadership for their derisive effects on American politics. Would you each be willing to echo what the senator said about that, and even take it a step farther?
 Hello, Noreen Robin, Los Angeles, California.If elected president, what criteria would you use to select the new Supreme Court justices?
 Good evening. Liz Gardner from Santa Monica.I just wanted to ask, with technology becoming more a part of our daily lives, the Internet specifically, with e-mail, e-commerce, where do you find the government taking ]a role in that, with either regulating or not regulating? What's going to be happening?
 I am Jim Plaurra from Los Angeles.When the Clintons were elected to office, it was very much a team spirit. And as a result, Mrs. Clinton was put in some substantive roles. How will you define the role for the first lady?
 Hi, my name is Anita Shaft from Venice, California.I'm sure you're aware of the shocking incident of the 6-year-old boy shooting a 6-year-old girl inside a first-grade classroom, and still the Columbine tragedy remains strong in our minds. Eight years ago when I graduated from school, I didn't have to worry about the safety of my life. I just had to worry about the security of my goals for my future, and you know, when I do have kids, I want to ensure that they feel the same way.How will you ensure that our schools will be a safe haven for our children?
 Hi, my name is Donna Monarch, and I live in Los Angeles. And my question is In your life, what mistake have you learned the most from?
 Right.
 Elizabeth Green, Lakewood, California.I have recently read stories about military families who have qualified for and received welfare assistance. As president, what would you do to support the people who risk their lives for our country?
 Good evening. My name is Dee Pinchback, and I am an advocate for disabled people, and I'm a disabled person myself. My question to you both tonight is the plight of this big voting bloc of people who want to work and will lose their benefits if they do so. Our health benefits are the most important things in our lives to keep us going, if we lose them — and we want to work. We want to go on. We want to be fruitful.
 We want to work.
 Hi, I am Jackie Webber from Culver City. Big money has big influence in Washington, and that influence starts with election campaign financing. What steps will you take to curb that influence, specifically with regard to campaign finance reform?
 Jewel Bishop, Redondo Beach, California.It appears we have a system of dueling primaries. Do you believe that the American populous would be better served by a system in which all the states that have primaries have them at the same time?
 My name is Dennis Allen. I'm a Democratic district leader here in Harlem, where African-Americans own less than six percent of the real estate.In spite of Michael Jordan, Spike Lee and Usher, African-Americans, since American slavery, still remain at the bottom of economic opportunity. Do you think that reparations should be considered? If yes, what would you do to implement such a policy?
 Hello, Senator Bradley. The United States is currently experiencing an unprecedented economic boom, in a large part due to technology. What specific social, educational, legislative and economic policies will you implement that will ensure historically marginalized communities, such as Harlem where we are at, will gain access to technology and resources essential to survival in this new information age?
 Senator, if you're elected what would you do to help combat the AIDS epidemic in the minority community?
 Good evening, President — Vice President Gore. My name is Monique Code. And I'd like to ask you a question regarding Medicare for our elderly citizens within our community and elsewhere. If you were to be president, how would you address affordability of prescription Medicare when the salaries of our elderly patients is limited? And it is a problem for those to afford health care in general, but specifically prescription medicine. I need to know how you would — how you would address that issue.
 And you've criticized Senator Bradley for even wanting to experiment with them. However, you, yourself, are the product of private institutions, as are all your children.In fact, your — the only child you still have at home, your son, Albert, is a junior at Sidwell Friends, a very expensive Washington, D.C., private school.Is there not a public or charter school in D.C. good enough for your child? And, if not......why should the parents here have to keep their kids in public schools because they don't have the financial resources that you do?
 Good evening. My name is Clayton Banks. I'd like to know what your criteria will be for selecting your vice president. And will we see the first black vice president or minority president?
 Senator Bradley, Vice President Gore, my name is William Sweden, and here is my question.The Confederate flag has been flying over the statehouse in South Carolina for as long as I can remember. What would you do, Senator Bradley, and Vice President Gore you can chip in, to have this racist symbol removed?
 Reverend Gregory Cook. New York City. Union Baptist Church.This past week, Governor Bush was asked in the media, what was his opinion in regards to a moratorium on the death penalty in light of the new DNA testing.To Vice President Gore and to Senator Bradley, what will be your policy regarding a national moratorium on the death penalty in light of the fact that new DNA evidence has released an overwhelming amount of convicted criminals, quote, unquote, "minority individuals," and in view of the disproportionate amount of minorities convicted by our so-called injustice system?
 Yes. I'm Peggy Shepherd with West Harlem Environmental Action.Senator Bradley, would you initiate new policies or expand upon President Clinton's executive order on environmental justice to better protect communities of color like the Harlems of the world that are disproportionately impacted by pollution cited in our communities, by growing health disparities and by an asthma epidemic?
 Vice President Gore, if you support environmental justice. what do you do about the fact that $500,000 of your money, and...
 Hi. If neither of you supports school vouchers, what does your administration plan to do to not only increase funding but the quality of inner cities' public school education?
 In your administration, do you intend to make efforts to appoint minorities to high-level positions?
 How will Senator Bradley's proposal to amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include gay and lesbian Americans impact the civil rights of racial, religious and other minorities?
 If you — hopefully this question will be settled very soon — but if you were president now, would you favor allowing Elian Gonzalez being with his father? Wouldn't family values favor reuniting him with his parent? Thank you.
 As an African American doctor, I am very concerned about the declining enrollment of African Americans in medical school, and of course I'm concerned about the underrepresentation of other minority Americans. Can you tell me, Senator Bradley, what you would do if elected president to assure equal representation of minority physicians in medical school?
 Thank you. Mr. Gore, moments ago you talked about diversity on the Supreme Court. We Latinos and Latinas have been waiting for an Hispanic on the Court. Would you take a pledge here tonight that you will appoint a Hispanic to the court? And could you give us two names of potential candidates? [laughter]
 Demographic evidence indicates that racial and ethnic minorities will become the majority in the U.S. in the near future. Senator Bradley, what leadership qualities do you possess to be a leader of this diverse nation?
 Yes. Currently Section 2 of the Fourteenth Amendment allows the states the right to disenfranchise convicted felons. As a result, 1.4 million African American males are unable to vote in this nation. However, former Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall said, and I quote, "It is doubtful whether the state can demonstrate either a compelling or rational policy interest in denying former felons the right to vote." Vice President Gore and Senator Bradley, do you agree with Justice Marshall? And, if you do, what would you do as president to rectify that?
 Senator Bradley, you said we don't need to cut defense spending. And, Mr. Vice President, you said we may need to increase defense spending. I'm studying for a position in the human services field, and this is one of the first areas to be cut when money gets tight. If we beef up the military, as many candidates are suggesting, where will get money for human services and other important areas?
 What would you intend to do about the increase in school violence, particularly the lack of guidance at home for children regarding what they see and hear?
 My name is Paul Eberhart. My question is, why would anyone run for high office when they know the media is going to be rummaging around in their personal lives looking for some type of human foibles?What does the public have a right to know about a candidate's life? And what's out of bounds?
 Hello, my name is Susan Chadwick. As you know, the press has had allegations of possible marijuana use in present — in both of the last two presidential campaigns. And the issue this year of George W. Bush's possible past drug use has been hinted at by the popular press. And I recall in 1988 that then-Senator Gore admitted to marijuana use while in Vietnam.How much of a factor, gentlemen, if one at all, do you believe the long-past drug use of any candidate should be?
 Hi. My name is Hillary Naither. A lot of recent media coverage has been centered on the release of the Columbine High School videotapes. After such a tragic event, how do you propose that society address this problem of hate crimes and violence in schools?
 Yes. My question's for the vice president. And I've seen your ads regarding health care for every American.
 Yes. This question is for the vice president. I've seen your ads regarding care for every American.
 And what my question would be to you is, given the partisan nature of Congress and their inability to agree on anything, do you think it's possible for such a broad plan to actually get passed through Congress and are you willing to raise income taxes if it's the only way you could get national health care?
 Yes, I'm Marcus Hermanson. I'm a physician in Nashua.My wife is a patient with a chronic disease. She needed a procedure done. She wanted the procedure. Her doctors wanted the procedure. Her HMO managers did not want the procedure because it was too expensive.How do your plans get control back into the hands of the physician and the patient? And how do we — how do we hold the HMOs accountable for their decisions? And finally, will we hold that same accountability to Medicare and Medicaid?
 Hi. My question is for both candidates. My name is Nancy Trask. And my question is, I'm concerned about the increasing threat of terrorism, and also their increasing sophistication. How do you plan to address that?
 My name is Ed Simonson, and I'm here with my 18-year-old son, Curtis.Senator McCain, last Monday, alluded to wanting an airborne missile defense system possibly to be defending Taiwan, and given the fact that many of the business leaders of this country want favored trade status for China, isn't that a very war-like posturing? And I'd like both of you candidates to comment on the disparity of those two issues.
 My name is Helen Hannerow. I'd like to know both of your reactions to the recent injection, in the Republican candidates' debate in Iowa, of a candidate's personal relationship with Jesus Christ, as a basis upon which to base one's moral standing.
 Yes. My name is Scott Stevens. And my question is, it's been said that this presidential election is a battle for the American soul; what is your response to that?
 What is your response?
 Hi, my name is Sean Chavez...
 My question is for both candidates. Where do you stand on the issue of discrimination on sexual orientation?
 Would you support an amendment to guarantee the equality for gays and lesbians? Do you support the legal recognition of marriage for same sex?
 Mr. name is Martha Goodrich and I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.Mr. Bradley, in your opinion, what is the one most compelling reason that I should vote for you rather than your opponent?
 My name is James Sheridan. I'm from Hanover.As you know, Vice President Gore, there's a great deal of cynicism in the country about politics and politicians. The campaign finance system is one source of that, but there are many other sources, including the behavior of the Republican-dominated Congress, but also the behavior of some members of your administration.What, as president, would you do to restore confidence in the American political system?
 Senator Bradley, my name is Marlene McGonagle  I live in Meriden, New Hampshire and I work here in Hanover at the public library. My question concerns health care — your health care plan.I like your proposal, your proposal for child health care, for guaranteed child health care for every child in the United States. My concern is about the cost of the plan. And my question to you is how do you plan to fund it.
 Hi. My name's Corey Martin, and I live in Hanover. There's been talk tonight about health care reform and I'm a parent of a child who has diabetes. And I spend a lot of time dealing with the insurance companies and what's covered and what's not covered. And it eats up a lot of time and effort.So I'm wondering if you were to implement health care reforms, who would be the decision-makers? Who chooses what's covered?
 She's five.
 Yes. I work at Dartmouth and we've a very good policy.
 Yes, yes. I'm very lucky.
 Hello, my name is Bethany Yurick. I'm from Claremont, New Hampshire. My question is for Vice President Gore.A few years ago I attended a barbecue in my home town where President Clinton and Newt Gingrich shook hands and promised to make meaningful campaign finance reform. But they didn't keep their promise.Since the process of changing the system remains in the hands of incumbents, how can the American voter force change in this area? And what would you do specifically to advance real reform?
 Hi. My name is Lisa Stanley. I'm from New Durham.Senator Bradley, continuing, I guess, with this campaign finance reform theme here, I'm also of the opinion that we desperately need it. And I appreciate that you've put forth a major proposal in that regard.But as a Democrat, sir, would you comment on the behavior of the '96 Clinton-Gore campaign as it relates to fund raising? [laughter]
 My name is Charlotte Quimby and I'm from Meriden, New Hampshire, and I have a question for Senator Bradley.In 1975, the United States government mandated legislation ensuring that all children with special needs would receive adequate education. Since that time, the government has funded a very small fraction of that program's costs. That places a terrible burden on small school districts.If you were elected president, what would be your plan to mobilize funding for special education mandates?
 Hi, my name is Deidra. I have a question for Vice President Gore. I'm a resident of Lebanon, New Hampshire. I'm also a mother.And my question is very straightforward How do you plan to end violence in schools? And how will you assure parents our children are going to be safe?
 I have one daughter, 17 months, and a husband. So it's a small, small family at this time.
 Yes.
 Depends.
 Mr. Vice President, my name is Benjamin Forrest. I live here in Hanover.I'd like to change the topic slightly to foreign policy. As you know, in the last 10 years the U.S. has often intervened militarily in other countries, extensively in response to gross violations of human rights. Yet there have been several cases in which the U.S. has refused to act.What principles would you use to distinguish cases that require U.S. action, and those that do not?
 Hi, Senator Bradley. I'm Joan Spially. I live in Grantham. My question regards the test ban treaty.We recently saw the Senate reject the ratification of that treaty. I am wondering what your reaction to that vote was and how you would respond to nuclear proliferation issues.
 Senator Bradley, my name is Ingrid Bailey, and I live in Hanover.Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness have not been fully extended to gays and lesbians in this country. Social justice for these citizens is long overdue. Can't we do better than the military's don't ask, don't tell?What leadership will you offer to move our national conversation and policies forward?
 I'm Nancy Hayes Kilgore from Plainfield. And my question, Vice President Gore, is also...
 Oh, I'm sorry. Nancy Hayes Kilgore.
 Close.
 I liked Senator Bradley's answer, and I know that you've also been an advocate for human rights. Many of us here in New Hampshire care deeply about the rights and the dignity of gay and lesbian people. And recently, across the river, our neighbors in Vermont have been discussing legalizing same-sex marriage. I'm wondering what your thoughts and feelings are about the legalizing of same-sex marriage.
 Good evening, vice president and Senator Bradley. My name is Frank Johns, I'm from Enfield Center, New Hampshire. And on behalf of the thriving metropolis of Enfield Center, we'd like to welcome...[laughter]...both of you to New Hampshire and taking the time...
 Oh, probably about 400, I guess, sir. [laughter]A little change of direction here. I'd like to ask a question that deals with energy conservation, and I'd be interested in your comments on possible federal incentives dealing with organizations, companies, businesses that are building new facilities, or upgrading or retrofitting their processes to make them more energy efficient to reduce the long-term demand and need for our non-renewable energy resources.
 Senator Bradley, my name is Lee Lind. I live in Meriden and I teach engineering her at Dartmouth.What assurance can you offer that a Bradley administration will do as much as or more than a Gore administration to tangibly foster environmental quality and sustainability?
 Hi. My name is Brent Forrester. I live in Francestown, New Hampshire, and I work at the Mental Health Center of Greater Manchester. This is a question for Senator Bradley.Senator Bradley, there are currently four million Americans living in the United States with Alzheimer's disease and suffering from its devastating effects. Research has shown that early recognition of memory disorders and psycho-social interventions, such as care-giver support groups, cannot only improve quality of life for these patients and their families, but may also delay more costly nursing home care.Unfortunately, current community-based programs for such treatment is underfunded. And in addition to this, the service delivery systems that are providing such care are terribly fragmented.I was wondering what your thoughts were, Senator Bradley, about funding such high-quality home and community-based care for these patients with Alzheimer's disease and their families. Thank you.
 Hi. My name is Heather Hirsch, and I live in Etna, New Hampshire.I'm a clinical psychologist, and my patients and I have been adversely impacted by managed health care. The insurance companies have really taken a minimalist approach in terms of what they allow for treatment and have really limited mental health benefits, often allowing less than therapists believe are necessary.What are your views on the limitations of mental health benefits by managed care, and what, if any, would your plans be to address this issue?
 Hi, Senator Bradley. My name is David Higherley. I'm from Lyme, New Hampshire. And it's a small community. My son, Alex, is now in kindergarten, and Sarah, my wife, teaches their fourth grade. And I've been involved in education all my life. I was in the Teacher Corps about 20 years ago in Oakland, California.And now I work in New York City. I do a lot work in the inner city. Things haven't changed. They really haven't. And it's a crisis, but it's now systemic.Are we just going to get more teachers in? Are we going to do the kind of professional development, sustained action over time to make change, or is it really going to be just more military spending?I mean, we have smart bombs, that my wife pointed out to me aren't always so smart, but we don't really invest in smart kids. More than the teachers, what are you going to do to really change around the inner-city school?
 Good evening, my name is John Colligan from Hanover, New Hampshire.Vice President Gore could you discuss education results? What can we do to improve the education of our children? And please don't say "Spend more money."
 Yes, Mr. Gore. My name is Earl Sweet. I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire. I work here at the college. And a lot of people wanted me to ask you this question and they had it wrote down for me.In our country, even in the strongest economy in a generation, too many parents work too many works for too little money and get too little respect. Families are paying a price for that. It often seems that companies do not value the people who work for them and make them successful. And the low level of trust most people have in corporate America is truly alarming.I do not believe there is any single policy or law that will address this.What will you do as president to provide leadership to get our country working better for everybody, working people as well as CEOs? And not to say take away from Dartmouth College, and this hasn't got anything to do with them...[laughter]...but basically, I've had a lot of people...
 I am the president of the local here.
 Matter of fact, she was just with my people — AFL-CIO. I'm a vice president in this area.
 Senator Bradley, I'm Scottie Eliason from Lyme, New Hampshire. And I'd like to ask you to elaborate a little more on the reasons that you left the Senate and why the time is right now for you to come back into national politics.
 Yes, sir. Thank you very much. I'm Keith Owen from Enfield, New Hampshire. And my question to you, sir, is, what is the biggest mistake you have made in your political career? And how have you changed as a result of it?
 Hi. My name's Colleen King from Lebanon, New Hampshire.In his answer to an earlier question, Vice President Gore indicated that you did not agree with our involvement in Kosovo, Bosnia and the most recent crisis.Unknown Male No. It was just East Timor.
 OK. East Timor. I'm sorry. I was afraid I might misquote you.I would like you to expound upon that please.
 Thank you. I'm Tom Bridges from Hanover. And this is a question not about policies, but about what you see as the essence of leadership. You've both had the opportunity to see national and international leaders up close.What do you think characterizes those whose leadership is most effective, and how does your own approach to leadership relate to that?
 Good evening. My name's Bruce Curtis McLain. I live in Hanover. And I'm a teacher at Hanover High School right down the street.Mr. Vice President, one of the things that concerns me most, in talking to my students and hearing them talk, is a continuing feeling of cynicism towards public service, the idea that politics is a dirty word, that government is the problem. I think we've come a long way, but I think — in our entertainment and in so many of the anecdotes that I hear even young people talking today there's still that attitude.And I would like to hear you answer this, and I hope Senator Bradley could tag on to it too. What would you like me to say to my students?
 High school 9th grade through 12th grade.
 How do you feel about HMOs and insurance companies making the critical decisions that affect people's lives instead of the medical professionals, and why are the HMOs and insurance companies not held accountable for their decisions?
 I'll address my question to all of you gentlemen. I am a farmer. Most farmers would rather get adequate pay at the marketplace instead of receiving government subsidies to tide them over. Farmers now get paid in most cases less than they got 25 years ago. During this time their production costs have at least quadrupled. What will you do as president to help farmers get sufficient pay for their work?Stanton Governor Bush?
 I'm John Scott, from Plainfield, New Hampshire. I believe we need to start making polluters pay more of their fair share for clean air and clean water. In a lot of states around the country including New Hampshire and Texas, some of the biggest polluting power plants and incinerators, pay only a fraction of the true cost and that leaves the rest of us to make up the difference, either with our wallets, or maybe with our health.What I'd like to know is, where in your economic plan are the pollution fees, or other market place incentives that will get polluters to clean up their act?
 My name...
 [off-mike] cut military spending.
 You could cut military spending so we can have good , good health care, good education...
  nuclear weapons.
 It's ridiculous that nobody ever talks about it.
 My name is Emily Sutton. I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.Mr. Bauer, my question is for you. In recent years, we've seen a growing disparity between technological haves and have nots. The have nots, in their turn, don't have access to information which many people do have. I was wondering if you do see this as a problem. And if so, do you think it's something that will run its own course or is there a plan of action that you plan to take?
 Emily.
 My name is Chris Miller, and I'm from Alstead, New Hampshire. And I'd like to hear the senator's position on Second Amendment rights, and if elected, what his policy would be toward the recent wave of litigation facing the firearms industry.
 Susan Chacho, from New London, New Hampshire. And in the recent years, NASA and other space endeavors have experienced millions, if not billion dollar disasters. Do you think that the taxpayers should continue to fund these programs? Or shouldn't it move to the private sector?
 My name is Laurel Lambert. I live in Lebanon, New Hampshire. I'm a fourth-year surgical resident at Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center, and my question has two parts. As you know, there's growing concern that the control of health care is shifting from physicians to the bureaucrats of insurance companies and HMOs. Yet, despite this loss of control, physicians still bear the burden of liability for the care they're allowed to provide.My first question is, do you think that HMOs should share this burden of liability? And my second question is, how would you proposed to rectify this imbalance between the control of and responsibility for providing health care?
 Good evening. My name is Terry Grigsby. I live in Lebanon.My question for you, Mr. Forbes, is if you become our next president, what specifically will you do to eliminate United States citizens from feeling that they need to travel to Canada and Mexico to purchase their prescription drugs because the costs are absolutely exorbitant?
 My name's Tod Handy and I live down the street here in Hanover.Senator McCain, the health-care costs of alcohol abuse in our country are staggering. In contrast, we have a number of health-care professionals, a growing number, agreeing that medical marijuana has legitimate medicinal value. Nevertheless, alcohol is illegal -- excuse me, legal, marijuana is illegal.If you support medical marijuana, what would you do to expedite its legalization? And if you're against medical marijuana, given that both alcohol and marijuana equally classify as gateway drugs, how do you reconcile the tolerance for alcohol with the intolerance for marijuana?
 Hi. I'm Linda Wesney, and I'm from Claremont. And my question is for Ambassador Keyes.Elizabeth Dole says that drugs aren't cool, they kill. How do you plan to continue with the war on drugs?
 My name is Jim Belanger from Lebanon. And Senator, my question for you is, would you support and fight to give the uninsured American access to the same health care policy that you as an elected official has?
 I am Steve Swain and I am from West Lebanon.Mr. Forbes, will you hire qualified men and women to work on your campaign and in your administration who are openly gay? Or will you ban and/or fire such people simply because they are openly gay?
 My name is Bench Furgo. I live right here in Hanover.The United States is a nation of immigrants, so I wanted to hear some thoughts from you regarding immigration policy. I would like to know whether you would want to change the immigration quotas -- increase them, decrease them, leave them the same. What do you think should be the criteria in terms of selecting potential immigrants? And, finally, what should we do about the millions of undocumented illegal immigrants in this country who are working, paying taxes, living here?
 Yes, my name is Carrie DeCato and I'm from West Lebanon, New Hampshire.Good evening, Mr. Keyes.My question is, do you support funding for national community service programs, such as AmeriCorps? Why or why not?
 My name is Dave Chaffey. I'm from Etna, New Hampshire, and a member of the family that's operated an independent book store on Main Street in Hanover for more than 100 years.You've had a long and distinguished career in the Senate, Senator Hatch. And I'd like to know from your perspective, what is the best policy, and I'm talking about domestic policy, you feel America has embarked on now and why?And what would you do to keep it rolling and why? And on the other hand, what is the worse policy, in your opinion, and why? And what would you do to put us back on track?
 My name is Hershner Cross, and I live in Hanover.Senator McCain, you have been a very articulate advocate for rebuilding the armed forces. My question is, in the light of the failing system that we have at the present time, is your idea for rebuilding the armed forces doable without resorting to some form of draft in peacetime?
 That's right. My name is David Coconas. I live here in Hanover. And my question is for Ambassador Keyes.Currently, the United States has about $1 billion in overdue membership dues to the United Nations. This delinquency is threatening our seat on the Security Council and also damaging our credibility with the international community. So my question is Do you think the reasons for our withholding payment area valid and, if not, what would you do as president to ensure that the bill gets paid?
 Hi. My name's Bill Murphy. I'm from Lime, New Hampshire and I'd like to address this question to you Mr. Bauer.To what extent do we serve the college-age people of America by leaving them at graduation with thousands, if not tens of thousands of dollars, in debt? Isn't there a better way of funding higher education?
 My name is Jeanette Galiametti, and I'm from Hanover.We all talk about the importance of education. Shortly in our country we'll lose over 2 million teachers to retirement. How can we attract the best and the brightest teachers given the current salaries?
 My name is Patricia Higgins. I am from Hanover, New Hampshire.Amid all the sort of hoopla of being the first in the nation, for voting in the primary, we do take our voting very seriously.And yet, what we're watching is, sort of, a nomination process that reminds me more of an auction where the nomination goes to the highest bidder. I'd really like to be able to ask this to the candidate who's not here, but I can't do that.Mr. Forbes, as nominee of the Republican Party or as president, what would you do to keep the future nominations from being bought?
 My name is Ian Smith, and I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.Senator Hatch, I'm a middle school social studies teacher. And I talk with my students about the importance of taking part in this democratic system and the role that money plays in the electoral process. Just recently, Elizabeth Dole left the party because apparently she could not financially compete. What would your administration do to address the concerns surrounding campaign finance reform?
 Senator Kerry, after talking to several coworkers and family and friends, I asked the ones who said they were not voting for you, why. They said that you were too wishy-washy. Do you have a reply for them?
 Mr. President——
 Mr. President, yesterday in a statement you admitted that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction but justified the invasion by stating, I quote, "He retained the knowledge, the materials, the means, and the intent to produce weapons of mass destruction and could have passed this knowledge to our terrorist enemies." Do you sincerely believe this to be a reasonable justification for invasion when this statement applies to so many other countries, including North Korea?
 Yes, Randee. Iran sponsors terrorism and has missiles capable of hitting Israel and southern Europe. Iran will have nuclear weapons in 2 to 3 years' time. In the event that U.N. sanctions don't stop this threat, what will you do as President?
 Mr. President, since we continue to police the world, how do you intend to maintain a military presence without reinstituting a draft?
 Senator Kerry, we have been fortunate that there have been no further terrorist attacks on American soil since 9/11. Why do you think this is? And if elected, what will you do to assure our safety?
 Mr. President, why did you block the reimportation of safer and inexpensive drugs from Canada, which would have cut 40 to 60 percent off of the cost?
 Mr. President, you have enjoyed a Republican majority in the House and Senate for most of your Presidency. In that time, you've not vetoed a single spending bill. Excluding 120 billion spent in Iran and Afghan—I'm sorry, Iraq and Afghanistan, there has been $700 billion spent and not paid for by taxes. Please explain how the spending you have approved and not paid for is better for the American people than the spending proposed by your opponent.
 Thank you. Senator Kerry, would you be willing to look directly into the camera and, using simple and unequivocal language, give the American people your solemn pledge not to sign any legislation that will increase the tax burden on families earning less than $200,000 a year during your first term?
 Senator Kerry, how can the U.S. be competitive in a manufacturing given—in manufacturing, excuse me, given the wage necessary and comfortably accepted for American workers to maintain the standard of living that they expect?
 President Bush, 45 days after 9/11, Congress passed the PATRIOT Act, which takes away checks on law enforcement and weakens American citizens' rights and freedoms, especially Fourth Amendment rights. With expansions of the PATRIOT Act and PATRIOT Act II, my question to you is, why are my rights being watered down and my citizens around me, and what are the specific justifications for these reforms?
 Senator Kerry, thousands of people have already been cured or treated by the use of adult stem cells or umbilical cord stem cells. However, no one has been cured by using embryonic stem cells. Wouldn't it be wise to use stem cells obtained without the destruction of an embryo?
 Mr. President, if there were a vacancy in the Supreme Court and you had the opportunity to fill that position today, who would you choose, and why?
 Senator Kerry, suppose you are speaking with a voter who believed abortion is murder, and the voter asked for reassurance that his or her tax dollars would not go to support abortion. What would you say to that person?
 President Bush, during the last 4 years, you have made thousands of decisions that have affected millions of lives. Please give three instances in which you came to realize you had made a wrong decision, and what you did to correct it. Thank you.
 MEMBER (Applauds.)
 MEMBER (Could we stop talking ?) race-based questions coming from you two? These are race-based questions. (Off mike) -- race-based and (gender ?)-based.
 MEMBER (Off mike.)
 MEMBER (Off mike.)
 MEMBER (Off mike.)
 MEMBERS (Off mike) -- mike --
 MEMBERS No.
 Can you put your mike up?
 -- you were --
 Hard to --
 Can't hear you.
 Okay. I'll yell. I don't think the mike is working.The New Hampshire union leader asked leaders to e-mail questions for the candidates --
 I still can't hear him.
 Can you hear him?
 Yes.
 Well, good evening, everyone.My wife and I have two daughters -- middle school age. And we do reasonably well financially, but the vast majority of our spare income goes toward funding our retirement, putting aside money for their college education. And we don't have tax shelters. We hear an awful lot about new spending -- all wonderful-sounding programs -- with the answer for funding being elimination of tax cuts that were geared toward the rich. And I was wondering what the definition of "rich" is on the part of the candidates, with using perhaps an income level.
 No!
 No!
 Mr. President, Governor Romney, as a 20-year-old college student, all I hear from professors, neighbors, and others is that when I graduate, I'll have little chance to get employment. What can you say to reassure me, but more importantly, my parents, that I will be able to sufficiently support myself after I graduate?Republican Presidential Nominee W. Mitt Romney. Thank you, Jeremy. I appreciate your question. And thank you for being here this evening. And to all of those from Nassau County here that have come, thank you for your time. Thank you to Hofstra University and to Candy Crowley for organizing and leading this event.Thank you, Mr. President, also for being part of this debate.Your question is one that's being asked by college kids all over this country. I was in Pennsylvania with someone who had just graduated. This was in Philadelphia, and she said: "I've got my degree, I can't find a job. I've got three part-time jobs; they're just barely enough to pay for my food and pay for an apartment. I can't begin to pay back my student loans."So what we have to do is two things. We have to make sure that we make it easier for kids to afford college and also make sure that when they get out of college there's a job. When I was Governor of Massachusetts, to get a high school degree you had to pass an exam. If you graduated in the top quarter of your class, we gave you a John and Abigail Adams Scholarship: 4 years tuition free to the college of your choice in Massachusetts; it's a public institution.I want to make sure we keep our Pell grant program growing. We're also going to have our loan program so that people are able to afford school. But the key thing is to make sure you can get a job when you get out of school. And what's happened over the last 4 years has been very, very hard for America's young people.I want you to be able to get a job. I know what it takes to get this economy going. With half of college kids graduating this year without a college—excuse me—without a job and without a college-level job, that's just unacceptable. And likewise, you got more and more debt on your back. So more debt and less jobs. I'm going to change that. I know what it takes to create good jobs again. I know what it takes to make sure that you have the kind of opportunity you deserve.And kids across this country are going to recognize we're bringing back an economy. It's not going to be like the last 4 years. The middle class has been crushed over the last 4 years, and jobs have been too scarce. I know what it takes to bring them back, and I'm going to do that and make sure when you graduate—when do you graduate?
 2014.
 Thank you.
 Your Energy Secretary, Steven Chu, has now been on record three times stating it's not policy of his Department to help lower gas prices. Do you agree with Secretary Chu that this is not the job of the Energy Department?
 Governor Romney, you have stated that if you're elected President you would plan to reduce the tax rates for all the tax brackets and that you would work with the Congress to eliminate some deductions in order to make up for the loss in revenue. Concerning these various deductions—the mortgage deduction, the charitable deductions, the child tax credit, and also the—oh, what's that other credit? [Laughter] I forgot.
 Oh, I remember—the education credits, which are important to me because I have children in college. What would be your position on those things, which are important to the middle class?
 In what new ways do you intend to rectify the inequalities in the workplace, specifically regarding females making only 72 percent of what their male counterparts earn?
 Governor Romney, I am an undecided voter because I'm disappointed with the lack of progress I've seen in the last 4 years. However, I do attribute much of America's economic and international problems to the failings and missteps of the Bush administration. Since both you and President Bush are Republicans, I fear a return to the policies of those years should you win this election. What is the biggest difference between you and George W. Bush? And how do you differentiate yourself from George W. Bush?
 Mr. President, I voted for you in 2008. What have you done or accomplished to earn my vote in 2012? I'm not that optimistic as I was in 2012. Most things I need for everyday living are very expensive.
 Lorraine.
 Lorraine. Yes. How are you doing? President.
 President. Romney: What do you plan on doing with immigrants without their green card that are currently living here as productive members of society?
 Good evening, Mr. President.
 It's Kerry. Kerry Ladka.
 This question actually comes from a brain trust of my friends at Global Telecom Supply in Mineola yesterday. We were sitting around talking about Libya, and we were reading and became aware of reports that the State Department refused extra security for our Embassy in Benghazi, Libya, prior to the attacks that killed four Americans. Who was it that denied enhanced security and why?
 PresidentWINNER, during the Democratic National Convention in 2008, you stated you wanted to keep AK-47s out of the hands of criminals. What has your administration done or plan to do to limit the availability of assault weapons?
 The outsourcing of American jobs overseas has taken a toll on our economy. What plans do you have to put back and keep jobs here in the United States?
 Hi, Governor. I think this is a tough question. Each of you, what do you believe is the biggest misperception that the American people have about you as a man and a candidate? Using specific examples, can you take this opportunity to debunk that misperception and set us straight?
 MEMBER Hello.Can you tell me what specific actions you'll take to address the costly consequences of illegal immigration while preserving the rights of those who seek to immigrate legally?
 Hi. My name is Dr. Bridget Melson with the Pleasanton Tea Party. Good to be here.My question for you is, what is your plan to balance the budget and get this spending under control so that my children's share of the debt is erased without compromising my retired mother's already tenuous financial future?
 Good evening. I'm Steve Routszong with the Tea Party of Greater Gaston County, from Gastonia, North Carolina.My question tonight is What is your position on the Federal Reserve? Should it indeed be audited and be held accountable by the American people?
 Hi. My name is Sahar Hekmati. I was brought here from Ronald Reagan. I am from Afghanistan. And my question to you is, as the next president of the United States, what will you do to secure safety and protection for the women and the children of Afghanistan from the radicals?
 MEMBER Free Palestine!
 Boo.
 Boo.
 I'm Josh Jacob from Georgia Tech. Recently Donald Trump mentioned we must kill the families of ISIS members. However, this violates the principle of distinction between civilians and combatants in international law.So my question is, how would intentionally killing innocent civilians set us apart from ISIS?
 My name is Ashley Tofil. Ms. Fiorina, in November, you said that you would not talk to Vladimir Putin after you were elected because you would be communicating from a position of weakness. Do you believe that it is feasible to not communicate with another world leader? And do you think that that also is a sign of weakness?[end video]
 My name is Carla Hernandez. I'm from the University of Texas at Austin. And my question is directed to all the candidates.If the Bible clearly states that we need to embrace those in need and not fear, how can we justify not accepting refugees?
