 I am Quincy Howe of ABC News saying good evening from New York where the two major candidates for president of the United States are about to engage in their fourth radio-television discussion of the present campaign. Tonight these men will confine that discussion to foreign policy. Good evening, Vice President Nixon.
 And good evening, Senator Kennedy.
 Now let me read the rules and conditions under which the candidates themselves have agreed to proceed. As they did in their first meeting, both men will make opening statements of about eight minutes each and closing statements of equal time running three to five minutes each. During the half hour between the opening and closing statements, the candidates will answer and comment upon questions from a panel of four correspondents chosen by the nationwide networks that carry the program. Each candidate will be questioned in turn with opportunity for comment by the other. Each answer will be limited to two and one-half minutes, each comment to one and one-half minutes. The correspondents are free to ask any questions they choose in the field of foreign affairs. Neither candidate knows what questions will be asked. Time alone will determine the final question. Reversing the order in their first meeting, Senator Kennedy will make the second opening statement and the first closing statement. For the first opening statement, here is Vice President Nixon.
 Now the opening statement of Senator Kennedy.
 That completes the opening statements. Now the candidates will answer and comment upon questions put by these four correspondents Frank Singiser of Mutual News, John Edwards of ABC News, Walter Cronkite of CBS News, John Chancellor of NBC News. Frank Singiser has the first question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, I'd like to pin down the difference between the way you would handle Castro's regime and prevent the establishment of Communist governments in the Western Hemisphere and the way that t Senator Kennedy would proceed. Uh - Vice President Nixon, in what important respects do you feel there are differences between you, and why do you believe your policy is better for the peace and security of the United States in the Western Hemisphere?
 John Edwards has his first question for Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Vice President, do you have a comment?
 Walter Cronkite, you have your first question for Vice President Nixon.
 Thank you Quincy. Mr. Vice President, Senator Fulbright and now tonight, Senator Kennedy, maintain that the Administration is suppressing a report by the United States Information Agency that shows a decline in United States prestige overseas. Are you aware of such a report, and if you are aware of the existence of such a report, should not that report, because of the great importance this issue has been given in this campaign, be released to the public?
 Comment, Senator Kennedy?
 John Chancellor, your first question for Senator Kennedy.  Senator, another question uh - in connection with our relations with the Russians. There have been stories from Washington from the Atomic Energy Commission hinting that the Russians may have resumed the testing of nuclear devices. Now if - sir, if this is true, should the United States resume nuclear testing, and if the Russians do not start testing, can you foresee any circumstances in 1961 in which the United States might resume its own series of tests?
 Any comment, Mr. Vice President?
 Our second round of questions begins with one from Mr. Edwards for the Vice President.
 Any comments, Senator Kennedy?
 We have time for only one or two more questions before the closing statements. Now Walter Cronkite's question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, the charge has been made frequently that the United States for many years has been on the defensive around the world, that our policy has been uh - one of reaction to the Soviet Union rather than positive action on our own. What areas do you see where the United States might take the offensive in a challenge to Communism over the next four to eight years?
 Your comment, Mr. Vice President?
 John Chancellor's question for Vice President Nixon.  Sir, I'd like to ask you an- another question about Quemoy and Matsu. Both you and Senator Kennedy say you agree with the President on this subject and with our treaty obligations. But the subject remains in the campaign as an issue. Now is - sir, is this because each of you feels obliged to respond to the other when he talks about Quemoy and Matsu, and if that's true, do you think an end should be called to this discussion, or will it stay with us as a campaign issue?
 Senator Kennedy, your comment.
 Under the agreed
 Under the agreed rules, gentlemen, we've exhausted the time for questions. Each candidate will now have four minutes and thirty seconds for his closing statement. Senator Kennedy will make the first final closing statement.
 Now, Vice President Nixon, your closing statement.
 Thank you gentlemen. Both candidates have asked me to express their thanks to the networks for this opportunity to appear on this discussion. May I repeat that all those concerned in tonight's discussion have, sometimes reluctantly, followed the rules and conditions read at the outset and agreed to in advance by the candidates and the networks. The opening statements ran eight minutes each. The closing statements ran four minutes, thirty seconds. The order of speaking was reversed from their first joint appearance, when they followed the same procedure. A panel of newsmen questioned each candidate alternately. Each had two and a half minutes to reply. The other had a minute and a half to comment. But the first discussion dealt only with domestic policy. This one dealt only with foreign policy. One last word. As members of a new political generation, Vice President Nixon and Senator Kennedy have used new means of communication to pioneer a new type of political debate. The character and courage with which these two men have spoken sets a high standard for generations to come. Surely, they have set a new precedent. Perhaps they have established a new tradition. This is Quincy Howe. Good night from New York.BILL SHADEL,MODERATOR Good evening. I'm Bill Shadel of ABC News. It's my privilege this evening to preside at this the third in the series of meetings on radio and television of the two major presidential candidates. Now like the last meeting the subjects to be discussed will be suggested by questions from a panel of correspondents. Unlike the first two programs, however, the two candidates will not be sharing the same platform. In New York the Democratic presidential nominee, Senator John F. Kennedy; separated by three thousand miles in a Los Angeles studio, the Republican presidential nominee, Vice President Richard M. Nixon; now joined for tonight's discussion by a network of electronic facilities which permits each candidate to see and hear the other. Good evening, Senator Kennedy.
 And good evening to you, Vice President Nixon.
 And now to meet the panel of correspondents. Frank McGee, NBC News; Charles Van Fremd, CBS News; Douglass Cater, Reporter magazine; Roscoe Drummond, New York Herald Tribune. Now, as you've probably noted, the four reporters include a newspaper man and a magazine reporter; these two selected by lot by the press secretaries of the candidates from among the reporters traveling with the candidates. The broadcasting representatives were chosen by their companies. The rules for this evening have been agreed upon by the representatives of both candidates and the radio and television networks and I should like to read them. There will be no opening statements by the candidates nor any closing summation. The entire hour will be devoted to answering questions from the reporters. Each candidate to be questioned in turn with opportunity for comment by the other. Each answer will be limited to two and one-half minutes, each comment to one and a half minutes. The reporters are free to ask any question they choose on any subject. Neither candidate knows what questions will be asked. Time alone will dete- determine who will be asked the final question. Now the first question is from Mr. McGee and is for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator Kennedy, yesterday you used the words "trigger-happy" in referring to Vice President Richard Nixon's stand on defending the islands of Quemoy and Matsu. Last week on a program like this one, you said the next president would come face to face with a serious crisis in Berlin. So the question is would you take military action to defend Berlin?
 Mr. Vice President, do you wish to comment?
 The next question is by Mr. Von Fremd for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, a two-part question concerning the offshore islands in the Formosa Straits. If you were president and the Chinese Communists tomorrow began an invasion of Quemoy and Matsu, would you launch the uh - United States into a war by sending the Seventh Fleet and other military forces to resist this aggression; and secondly, if the uh - regular conventional forces failed to halt such uh - such an invasion, would you authorize the use of nuclear weapons?
 Senator Kennedy, do you wish to comment?
 Mr. Cater has the next question for Senator Kennedy.CATER Senator Kennedy, last week you said that before we should hold another summit conference, that it was important that the United States build its strength. Modern weapons take quite a long time to build. What sort of prolonged period do you envisage before there can be a summit conference? And do you think that there can be any new initiatives on the grounds of nuclear disarmament uh - nuclear control or weapons control d- uh - during this period?
 Mr. Vice President, your comment?
 The next question is by Mr. Drummond for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Nixon, I would like to ask eh - one more aspect or raise another aspect of this same question. Uh - it is my understanding that President Eisenhower never advocated that Quemoy and Matsu should be defended under all circumstances as a matter of principle. I heard Secretary Dulles at a press conference in fifty-eight say that he thought that it was a mistake for Chiang Kai-shek to deploy troops to these islands. I would like to ask what has led you to take what appears to be a different position on this subject.
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Von Fremd has a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator Kennedy, I'd like to uh - shift the conversation, if I may, to a domestic uh - political argument. The chairman of the Republican National Committee, Senator Thruston Morton, declared earlier this week that you owed Vice President Nixon and the Republican party a public apology for some strong charges made by former President Harry Truman, who bluntly suggested where the Vice President and the Republican party could go. Do you feel that you owe the Vice President an apology?
 Any comment, Mr. Vice President?
 Mr. Cater's question is for Vice President Nixon.CATER Mr. Vice President, I'd like to return just once more, if I may, to this area of dealing with the Communists. Critics have claimed that on at least three occasions in recent years - on the sending of American troops to Indochina in 1954, on the matter of continuing the U-2 flights uh - in May, and then on this definition of the - of our commitment to the offshore island - that you have overstated the Administration position, that you have taken a more bellicose position than President Eisenhower. Just two days ago you said that you called on uh - Senator Kennedy to serve notice to Communist aggressors around the world that we're not going to retreat one inch more any place, where as we did retreat from the Tachen Islands, or at least Chiang Kai-shek did. Would you say this was a valid criticism of your statement of foreign policy?
 Senator Kennedy?
 Mr. Drummond's question is for Senator Kennedy.
 Uh - Mr. Kennedy, Representative Adam Clayton Powell, in the course of his speaking tour in your behalf, is saying, and I quote "The Ku Klux Klan is riding again in this campaign. If it doesn't stop, all bigots will vote for Nixon and all right-thinking Christians and Jews will vote for Kennedy rather than be found in the ranks of the Klan-minded." End quotation. Governor Michael DiSalle is saying much the same thing. What I would like to ask, Senator Kennedy, is what is the purpose of this sort of thing and how do you feel about it?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. McGee has a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, some of your early campaign literature said you were making a study to see if new laws were needed to protect the public against excessive use of power by labor unions. Have you decided whether such new laws are needed, and, if so, what would they do?
 Senator, your comment.
 The next question is by Mr. Cater for Senator Kennedy.CATER Uh - Mr. Kennedy, uh - Senator - uh - Vice President Nixon says that he has costed the two party platforms and that yours would run at least ten billion dollars a year more than his. You have denied his figures. He has called on you to supply your figures. Would you do that?
 Mr. Vice President?
 Next, Mr. Drummond's question for Vice President Nixon.
 Uh - Mr. Nixon uh - before the convention you and Governor Rockefeller said jointly that the nation's economic growth ought to be accelerated; and the Republican platform states that uh - the nation needs to quicken the pace of economic growth. Uh - Is it fair, therefore, Mr. Vice President, to conclude that you feel that there has been insufficient economic growth during the past eight years; and if so, what would you do beyond uh - present Administration policies uh - to step it up?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. McGee has the next question for Senator Kennedy.
 Uh - Senator Kennedy, a moment ago you mentioned tax loopholes. Now your running mate, Senator Lyndon Johnson, is from Texas, an oil-producing state and one that many political leaders feel is in doubt in this election year. And reports from there say that oil men in Texas are seeking assurance from Senator Johnson that the oil depletion allowance will not be cut. The Democratic platform pledges to plug holes in the tax laws and refers to inequitable depletion allowance as being conspicuous loopholes. My question is, do you consider the twenty-seven and a half per cent depletion allowance inequitable, and would you ask that it be cut?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Gentlemen, if I may remind you, time is growing short, so please keep your questions and answers as brief as possible consistent with clarity. Mr. Von Fremd for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, in the past three years, there has been an exodus of more than four billion dollars of gold from the United States, apparently for two reasons because exports have slumped and haven't covered imports, and because of increased American investments abroad. If you were president, how would you go about stopping this departure of gold from our shores?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Drummond's question now for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator Kennedy, a question on American prestige. In light of the fact that the Soviet Ambassador was recently expelled from the Congo, and that Mr. Khrushchev has this week canceled his trip to Cuba for fear of stirring resentment throughout all Latin America, I would like to ask you to spell out somewhat more fully how you think we should measure American prestige, to determine whether it is rising or whether it is falling.
 Mr. Vice President.
 Thank you gentlemen. As we mentioned at the opening of this program, the candidates agreed that the clock alone would determine who had the last word. The two candidates wish to thank the networks for the opportunity to appear for this discussion. I would repeat the ground rules likewise agreed upon by representatives of the two candidates and the radio and television networks. The entire hour was devoted to answering questions from the reporters. Each candidate was questioned in turn and each had the opportunity to comment on the answer of his opponent. The reporters were free to ask any question on any subject. Neither candidate was given any advance information on any question that would be asked. Those were the conditions agreed upon for this third meeting of the candidates tonight. Now I might add that also agreed upon was the fact that when the hour got down to the last few minutes, if there was not sufficient time left for another question and suitable time for answers and comment, the questioning would end at that point. That is the situation at this moment. And after reviewing the rules for this evening I might use the remaining moments of the hour to tell you something about the other arrangements for this debate with the participants a continent apart. I would emphasize first that each candidate was in a studio alone except for three photographers and three reporters of the press and the television technicians. Those studios identical in every detail of lighting, background, physical equipment, even to the paint used in decorating. We newsmen in a third studio have also experienced a somewhat similar isolation. Now, I would remind you the fourth in the series of these historic joint appearances, scheduled for Friday, October twenty-first. At that time the candidates will again share the same platform to discuss foreign policy. This is Bill Shadel. Goodnight.
 Good evening. This is Frank McGee, NBC News in Washington. This is the second in a series of programs unmatched in history. Never have so many people seen the major candidates for president of the United States at the same time; and never until this series have Americans seen the candidates in face-to-face exchange. Tonight the candidates have agreed to devote the full hour to answering questions on any issue of the campaign. And here tonight are the Republican candidate, Vice President Richard M. Nixon; and the Democratic candidate, Senator John F. Kennedy. Now representatives of the candidates and of all the radio and television networks have agreed on these rules neither candidate will make an opening statement or a closing summation; each will be questioned in turn; each will have an opportunity to comment upon the answer of the other; each reporter will ask only one question in turn. He is free to ask any question he chooses. Neither candidate knows what questions will be asked and only the clock will determine who will be asked the last question. These programs represent an unprecedented opportunity for the candidates to present their philosophies and programs directly to the people and for the people to compare these and the candidates. The four reporters on tonight's panel include a newspaperman and a wire service representative. These two were selected by lot by the press secretaries of the candidates from among the reporters traveling with the candidates. The broadcasting representatives were selected by their respective companies. The reporters are Paul Niven of CBS, Edward P. Morgan of ABC, Alvin Spivak of United Press International, and Harold R. Levy of Newsday. Now the first question is from Mr. Niven and is for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, Senator Kennedy said last night that the Administration must take responsibility for the loss of Cuba. Would you compare the validity of that statement with the validity of your own statements in previous campaigns that the Truman Administration was responsible for the loss of China to the Communists?
 Senator Kennedy, would you care to comment?
 Mr. Morgan, with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, last May, in Oregon, you discussed the possibilities of sending apologies or regrets to Khrushchev over the U-2 incident. Do you think now that that would have done any good? Did you think so then?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Spivak with a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, you have accused Senator Kennedy of avoiding the civil rights issue when he has been in the South and he has accused you of the same thing. With both North and South listening and watching, would you sum up uh - your own intentions in the field of civil rights if you become president.
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Levy with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, on the same subject, in the past you have emphasized the president's responsibility as a moral leader as well as an executive on civil rights questions. What specifically might the next president do uh - in the event of an uh - an occurrence such as Little Rock or the lunch-counter sit-ins? From the standpoint of MR, KENNEDY Well let me say that I think that the president operates in a number of different areas. First, as a legislative leader. And as I just said that I believe that the passage of the so-called Title Three, which gives the Attorney General the power to protect Constitutional rights in those cases where it's not possible for the person involved to bring the suit. Secondly, as an executive leader. There have been only six cases brought by this Attorney General under the voting bill passed in 1957 and the voting bill passed in 1960. The right to vote is basic. I do not believe that this Administration has implemented those bills which represent the will of the majority of the Congress on two occasions with vigor. Thirdly, I don't believe that the government contracts division is operated with vigor. Everyone who does business with the government should have the opportunity to make sure that they do not practice discrimination in their hiring. And that's in all sections of the United States. And then fourthly, as a moral leader. There is a very strong moral basis for this concept of equality of opportunity. We are in a very difficult time. We need all the talent we can get. We sit on a conspicuous stage. We are a goldfish bowl before the world. We have to practice what we preach. We set a very high standard for ourselves. The Communists do not. They set a low standard of materialism. We preach in the Declaration of Independence and in the Constitution, in the statement of our greatest leaders, we preach very high standards; and if we're not going to be s- charged before the world with hypocrisy we have to meet those standards. I believe the president of the United States should indicate it. Now lastly, I believe in the case of Little Rock. I would have hoped that the president of the United States would have been possible for him to indicate it clearly that uh - the Supreme Court decision was going to be carried out. I would have hoped that it would have been possible to use marshals to do so. But it wou- uh - evidently uh - under the handling of the case it was not. I would hope an incident like that would not happen. I think if the president is responsible, if he consults with those involved, if he makes it clear that the Supreme Court decision is going to be carried out in a way that the Supreme Court planned - with deliberate speed - then in my judgment, providing he's behind action, I believe we can make uh - progress. Now the present Administration - the President - has said - never indicated what he thought of the 1954 decision. Unless the president speaks, then of course uh - the country doesn't speak, and Franklin Roosevelt said "The pre - uh - the presidency of the United States is above all a place of moral leadership." And I believe on this great moral issue he should speak out and give his views clearly.
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Morgan with a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, in your speeches you emphasize that the United States is doing basically well in the cold war. Can you square that statement with a considerable mass of bipartisan reports and studies, including one prominently participated in by Governor Rockefeller, which almost unanimously conclude that we are not doing nearly so well as we should?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Spivak with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, uh - following this up, how would you go about increasing the prestige you say we're losing, and could the programs you've devised to do so be accomplished without absolutely wrecking our economy?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Levy with a question for Vice President Nixon.MODERATOR; Mr. Vice President, the Labor Department today added five more major industrial centers to the list of areas with substantial unemployment. You said in New York this week that as president you would use the full powers of the government, if necessary, to combat unemployment. Specifically what measures would you advocate and at what point?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Niven with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, while the main theme of your campaign has been this decline of American power and prestige in the last eight years, you've hardly criticized President Eisenhower at all. And in a speech last weekend you said you had no quarrel with the President. Now isn't Mr. Eisenhower and not Mr. Nixon responsible for any such decline?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Spivak with a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, according to news dispatches Soviet Premier Khrushchev said today that Prime Minister Macmillan had assured him that there would be a summit conference next year after the presidential elections. Have you given any cause for such assurance, and do you consider it desirable or even possible that there would be a summit conference next year if Mr. Khrushchev persists in the conditions he's laid down?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Levy with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, in your acceptance speech at Los Angeles, you said that your campaign would be based not on what you intend to offer the American people, but what you intend to ask of them. Since that time you have spelled out many of the things that you intend to do but you have made only vague reference to sacrifice and self-denial. A year or so ago, I believe, you said that you would not hesitate to recommend a tax increase if you considered it necessary.
 Is this what you have in mind?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Niven with a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, you said that while Mr. Khrushchev is here, Senator Kennedy should talk about what's right with this country as well as what's wrong with the country. In the 1952 campaign when you were Republican candidate for Vice President, and we were eh - at war with the Communists, did you feel a similar responsibility to t- talk about what was right with the country?
 Senator Kennedy.
 Mr. Morgan with a question for Senator Kennedy.
 Senator, Saturday on television you said that you had always thought that Quemoy and Matsu were unwise places to draw our defense line in the Far East. Would you comment further on that and also address to this question; couldn't a pullback from those islands be interpreted as appeasement?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Gentlemen, we have approximately four minutes remaining. May I ask you to make your questions and answers as brief as possible consistent with clarity. And Mr. Levy has a question for Vice President Nixon.
 Mr. Vice President, you are urging voters to forget party labels and vote for the man. Senator Kennedy says that in doing this you are trying to run away from your party on such issues as housing and aid to education by advocating what he calls a me-too program. Why do you say that party labels are not important?NIXON; Because that's the way we elect a president in this country, and it's the way we should. I'm a student of history as is Senator Kennedy, incidentally; and I have found that in the history of this country we've had many great presidents. Some of them have been Democrats and some of them have been Republicans. The people, some way, have always understood that at a particular time a certain man was the one the country needed. Now, I believe that in an election when we are trying to determine who should lead the free world - not just America - perhaps, as Senator Kennedy has already indicated, the most important election in our history - it isn't the label that he wears or that I wear that counts. It's what we are. It's our whole lives. It's what we stand for. It's what we believe. And consequently, I don't think it's enough to go before Republican audiences - and I never do - and say, "Look, vote for me because I'm a Republican." I don't think it's enough for Senator Kennedy to go before the audiences on the Democratic side and say, "Vote for me because I'm a Democrat." That isn't enough. What's involved here is the question of leadership for the whole free world. Now that means the best leadership. It may be Republican, it may be Democratic. But the people are the ones that determine it. The people have to make up their minds. And I believe the people, therefore, should be asked to make up their minds not simply on the basis of, "Vote the way your grandfather did; vote the way your mother did." I think the people should put America first, rather than party first. Now, as far as running away from my party is concerned, Senator Kennedy has said that we have no compassion for the poor, that we are against progress - the enemies of progress, is the term that he's used, and the like. All that I can say is this we do have programs in all of these fields - education, housing, defense - that will move America forward. They will move her forward faster, and they will move her more surely than in his program. This is what I deeply believe. I'm sure he believes just as deeply that his will move that way. I suggest, however, that in the interest of fairness that he could give me the benefit of also believing as he believes.
 Senator Kennedy.
 Good evening, I am Barbara Walters, moderator of the last of the debates of 1976 between Gerald R. Ford, Republican candidate for President, and Jimmy Carter, Democratic candidate for President.Welcome, President Ford, welcome, Governor Carter, and thank you for joining us this evening.This debate takes place before an audience in Phi Beta Kappa Memorial Hall on the campus of the College of William and Mary in historicMODERATORburg, Virginia. It is particularly appropriate in this Bicentennial Year that we meet on these grounds to hear this debate. Two hundred years ago, five William and Mary students met at nearby Raleigh Tavern to form Phi Beta Kappa, a fraternity designed, they wrote, "to search out and dispel the clouds of falsehood by debating without reserve the issues of the day."In that spirit of debate--"without reserve, ....to dispel the clouds of falsehood"--gentlemen, let us proceed.The subject matter of this debate is open, covering all issues and topics. Our questioners tonight are Joseph Kraft, syndicated columnist, Robert Maynard, editorial writer for the Washington Post, and Jack Nelson, Washington bureau chief of the Los Angeles Times.The ground rules tonight are as follows Questioners will alternate questions between the candidates. The candidate has up to 2 1/2 minutes to answer the question. The other candidate then has up to 2 minutes to respond. If necessary, a questioner may ask a follow-up question for further clarification, and in that case the candidate has up to 2 minutes to respond. As was initially agreed to by both candidates, the answers should be responsive to the particular questions. Finally, each candidate has up to 3 minutes for a closing statement.President Ford and Governor Carter do not have prepared notes or comments with them this evening, but they may make notes and refer to them during the debate.It has been determined that President Ford would take the first question in this last debate, and, Mr. Kraft, you have that first question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, I assume that the Americans all know that these are difficult times and that there is no pie in the sky and that they don't expect something for nothing. So I'd like to ask you, as a first question, as you look ahead in the next 4 years, what sacrifices are you going to call on the American people to make? What price are you going to ask them to pay to realize your objectives?Let me add, Governor Carter, that if you felt that it was appropriate to answer that question in your comments, as to what price it would be appropriate for the American people to pay for a Carter administration, I think that would be proper, too. Mr. President?
 Could I be a little bit more specific, Mr. President?
 Doesn't your policy really imply that we are going to have to have a pretty high rate of unemployment over a fairly long time, that growth is going to be fairly slow, and that we are not going to be able to do very much in the next 4 or 5 years to meet the basic agenda of our national needs in the cities, in health, in transit, and a whole lot of other things like that?
 Aren't those the real costs?
 Thank you. Governor Carter, your response, please.
 Thank you. Mr. Maynard, your question to Governor Carter.
 Governor, by all indications, the voters are so turned off by this election campaign so far that only half intend to vote. One major reason for this apathetic electorate appears to be the low level at which this campaign bas been conducted. It has digressed frequently from important issues into allegations of blunders and brainwashing and fixations on lust in Playboy. What responsibility do you accept for the low level of this campaign for the Nation's highest office?
 Thank you, Governor Carter. President Ford, your response?
 Thank you, President Ford. Mr. Nelson, your question to President Ford.
 Mr. President, you mentioned Watergate, and you became President because of Watergate, so don't you owe the American people a special obligation to explain in detail your role of limiting one of the original investigations of a Watergate--that was the one by the House Banking Committee? And I know you've answered questions on this before, but there are questions. that still remain, and I think people want to know what your role was.Will you name the persons you talked to in connection with that investigation, and since you say you have no recollection of talking to anyone from the White House, would you be willing to open for examination the White House tapes of conversations during that period?
 Well, Mr. President, if I do say so, though, the question is that I think you still have not gone into details about what your role in it was. And I don't think there was any question about whether or not there was a criminal prosecution, but whether you have told the American people your entire involvement in it and whether you would be willing--even though you don't control the tapes--whether you would be willing to ask that the tapes be released for examination?
 Governor Carter, your response.
 Thank you.Then we will have the next question from Mr. Kraft to Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, the next big crisis spot in the world may be Yugoslavia. President Tito is old and sick, and there are divisions in his country. It's pretty certain that the Russians are going to do everything they possibly can after Tito dies to force Yugoslavia back into the Soviet camp.But last Saturday, you said--and this is a quote--"I would not go to war in Yugoslavia even if the Soviet Union sent in troops." Doesn't that statement practically invite the Russians to intervene in Yugoslavia? Doesn't it discourage Yugoslavs who might be tempted to resist? And wouldn't it have been wiser on your part to say nothing and to keep the Russians in the dark, as President Ford did and as, I think, every President has done since President Truman?
 One quick follow-up. Did you clear the response you made with Secretary Schlesinger and Governor Harriman?
 President Ford, your response.
 Thank you.Mr. Maynard, your question to President Ford, please.
 Sir, this question concerns your administrative performance as President. The other day, General George Brown, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, delivered his views on several sensitive subjects, among them Great Britain, one of this country's oldest allies. He said, and I quote him now, "Great Britain--it's a pathetic thing, it just makes you cry. They are no longer a world power. All they have are generals, admirals, and bands." Since General Brown's comments have caused this country embarrassment in the past, why is he still this Nation's leading military officer?
 Thank you.Governor Carter, your response.
 Mr. Nelson, your question now to Governor Carter.
 Governor, despite the fact that you've been running for President a long time now, many Americans still seem to be uneasy about you. They don't feel that they know you or the people around you. And one problem seems to be that you haven't reached out to bring people with broad background or national experience into your campaign or your Presidential plans. Most of the people around you on a day-to-day basis are the people you've known in Georgia. Many of them are young and relatively inexperienced in national affairs. Doesn't this raise a serious question as to whether you would bring into a Carter administration people with the necessary background to run the Federal Government?
 President Ford, your response please.
 Mr. Kraft, your question to President Ford.
 Mr. President, let me assure you and maybe some of the viewing audience that being on this panel hasn't been, as it may seem, all torture and agony. One of the heartening things is that I and my colleagues have received literally hundreds and maybe even thousands of suggested questions from ordinary citizens all across the country who want answers.
 I will give you that. But let me go on, because one main subject on the minds of all of them has been the environment, particularly curious about your record. People 'really want to know why you vetoed the strip mining bill. They want to know why you worked against strong controls on auto emissions. They want to know why you aren't doing anything about pollution of the Atlantic Ocean. They want to know why a bipartisan organization such as the National League of Conservation Voters says that when it comes to environmental issues, you are--and I am quoting--"hopeless."
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Maynard to Governor Carter.
 Governor, Federal policy in this country since World War II has tended to favor the development of suburbs at the great expense of central cities. Does not the Federal Government now have an affirmative obligation to revitalize the American city? We have heard little in this campaign suggesting that you have an urban reconstruction program. Could you please outline your urban intentions for us tonight?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Nelson, your question next to President Ford.
 Mr. President, your campaign has run ads in black newspapers saying that "for black Americans, President Ford is quietly getting the job done." Yet, study after study has shown little progress in desegregation and, in fact, actual increases in segregated schools and housing in the Northeast.Now, civil rights groups have complained repeatedly that there has been lack of progress in commitment to an integrated society during your administration. So, how are you getting the job done for blacks and other minorities, and what programs do you have in mind for the next 4 years?
 Governor Carter, your response, please.
 Mr. Kraft, to Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, in the nearly 200-year history of the Constitution, there have been only, I think it is, 25 amendments, most of them on issues of the very broadest principle. Now we have proposed amendments in many highly specialized causes like gun control, school busing, balanced budget, school prayer, abortion, things like that. Do you think it's appropriate to the dignity of the Constitution to tack on amendments in a wholesale fashion, and which of the ones I listed--that is, balanced budget, school busing, school prayer, abortion, gun control--which of those would you really work hard to support if you were President?
 President Ford, your response, please.
 Mr. Maynard, to President Ford.
 Mr. President, twice you have been the intended victim of would-be assassins using handguns, yet you remain a steadfast opponent of substantive handgun control. There are now some 40 million handguns in this country, going up at the rate of 2.5 million a year, and tragically those handguns are frequently purchased for self-protection and wind up being used against a relative or a friend. In light of that, why do you remain so adamant in your opposition to substantive gun control in this country?
 But, Mr. President, don't you think that the proliferation of the availability of handguns contributes to the possibility of those crimes being committed? And there is a second part to my follow-up. Very quickly, there are, as you know and as you've said, jurisdictions around the country with strong gun control laws. The police officials in those cities contend that if there were a national law to prevent other jurisdictions from providing the weapons that then come into places like New York, that they might have a better handle on the problem. Have you considered that in your analysis of the handgun proliferation problem?
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Nelson, to Governor Carter.
 Governor, you've said the Supreme Court today is, as you put it, moving back in the proper direction in rulings that have limited the rights of criminal defendants, and you've compared the present Supreme Court under Chief Justice Burger very favorably with the more liberal Court that we had under Chief Justice Warren. So, exactly what are you getting at, and can you elaborate on the kind of Court you think this country should have? And can you tell us the kind of qualifications and philosophy you would look for as President in making Supreme Court appointments?
 Governor, I don't believe you answered my question, though, about the kinds of people you would be looking for for the Court, the type of philosophy you would be looking for if you were making appointments to the Supreme Court as President.
 President Ford.
 Mr. Kraft.
 Mr. President, the country is now in something that your advisers call an economic pause. I think to most Americans that sounds like an antiseptic term for low growth, unemployment, standstill at a high, high level, decline in take-home pay, lower factory earnings, more layoffs. Isn't that really a rotten record, and doesn't your administration bear most of the blame for it?
 Mr. President, let me ask you this There has been an increase in layoffs, and that's something that bothers everybody because even people that have a job are afraid they are going to be fired. Did you predict that increase in layoffs? Didn't that take you by surprise? Hasn't your administration been surprised by this pause? In fact, haven't you been so obsessed with saving money that you didn't even push the Government to spend funds that were allocated?
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Maynard.
 Governor Carter, you entered this race against President Ford with a 20-point lead or better in the polls and now it appears that this campaign is headed for a photo finish. You have said how difficult it is to run against a sitting President, but Mr. Ford was just as much an incumbent in July when you were 20 points ahead as he is now. Can you tell us what caused the evaporation of that lead, in your opinion?
 President Ford, your response.
 Thank you, gentlemen.This will complete our questioning for this debate. We don't have time for more questions and full answers. So, now each candidate will be allowed up to 4 minutes for a closing statement. And, at the original coin toss in Philadelphia a month ago, it was determined that President Ford would make the first closing statement tonight.President Ford.
 Thank you, President Ford.Governor Carter.
 Thank you, Governor Carter, and thank you, President Ford. I also would like to thank the audience and my three colleagues--Mr. Kraft, Mr. Maynard, and Mr. Nelson, who have been our questioners.This debate has, of course, been seen by millions of Americans, and in addition tonight is being broadcast to 113 nations throughout the world.This concludes the 1976 Presidential debates, a truly remarkable exercise in democracy, for this is the first time in 16 years that the Presidential candidates have debated. It is the first time ever that an incumbent President has debated his challenger, and the debate included the first between the two Vice-Presidential candidates.President Ford and Governor Carter, we not only want to thank you but we commend you for agreeing to come together to discuss the issues before the American people.And our special thanks to the League of Women Voters for making these events possible. In sponsoring these events, the League of Women Voters Education Fund has tried to provide you with the information that you will need to choose wisely.The election is now only 11 days off. The candidates have participated in presenting their views in three 90-minute debates, and now it's up. to the voters, and now it is up to you to participate. The League urges all registered voters to vote on November 2 for the candidate of your choice.And now, from Phi Beta Kappa Memorial Hall on the campus of the College of William and Mary, this is Barbara Walters wishing you all a good evening.
 Good evening. I am Pauline Frederick of NPR [National Public Radio], moderator of the second of the historic debates of the 1976 campaign between Gerald R. Ford of Michigan, Republican candidate for President, and Jimmy Carter of Georgia, Democratic candidate for President.Thank you, President Ford, and thank you, Governor Carter, for being with us tonight.The debate takes place before an audience in the Palace of Fine Arts Theatre in San Francisco. An estimated 100 million Americans are watching on television as well. San Francisco was the site of the signing of the United Nations Charter 31 years ago. Thus, it is an appropriate place to hold this debate, the subject of which is foreign and defense issues.The questioners tonight are Max Frankel, associate editor of the New York Times, Henry L. Trewhitt, diplomatic correspondent of the Baltimore Sun, and Richard Valeriani, diplomatic correspondent of NBC News.The ground rules tonight are basically the same as they were for the first debate 2 weeks ago. The questions will be alternated between candidates. By the toss of a coin, Governor Carter will take the first question.Each question sequence will be as follows The question will be asked, and the candidate will have up to 3 minutes to answer. His opponent will have up to 2 minutes to respond. And prior to the response, the questioner may ask a follow-up question to clarify the candidate's answer, when necessary, with up to 2 minutes to reply. Each candidate will have 3 minutes for a closing statement at the end.President Ford and Governor Carter do not have notes or prepared remarks with them this evening, but they may take notes during the debate and refer to them.Mr. Frankel, you have the first question for Governor Carter.
 Governor, since the Democrats last ran our foreign policy, including many of the men who are advising you, the country has been relieved of the Vietnam agony and the military draft; we've started arms control negotiations with the Russians; we've opened relations with China; we've arranged the disengagement in the Middle East; we've regained influence with the Arabs without deserting Israel. Now, maybe, we've even begun a process of peaceful change in Africa.Now, you've objected in this campaign to the style with which much of this was done, and you've mentioned some other things that you think ought to have been done. But do you really have a quarrel with this Republican record? Would you not have done any of those things?
 President Ford, would you like to respond?
 Mr. Trewhitt, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, my question really is the other side of the coin from Mr. Frankel's. For a generation the United States has had a foreign policy based on containment of communism; yet we have lost the first war in Vietnam, we lost a shoving match in Angola, Communists threaten to come to power by peaceful means in Italy, and relations generally have cooled with the Soviet Union in the last few months. So, let me ask you, first, what do you do about such cases as Italy, and, secondly, does this general drift mean that we're moving back toward something like an old cold war relationship with the Soviet Union?
 Mr. Valeriani, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, much of what the United States does abroad is done in the name of the national interest. What is your concept of the national interest? What should the role of the United States in the world be? And in that connection, considering your limited experience in foreign affairs and the fact that you take some pride in being a Washington outsider, don't you think it would be appropriate for you to tell the American voters, before the election, the people that you would like to have in key positions such as Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, national security affairs adviser at the White House?
 How, specifically, Governor, are you going to bring the American people into the decisionmaking process in foreign policy? What does that mean?
 President Ford, do you have a response?
 Mr. Frankel, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, I'd like to explore a little more deeply our relationship with the Russians. They used to brag, back in Khrushchev's day, that because of their greater patience and because of our greed for business deals, that they would sooner or later get the better of us. Is it possible that, despite some setbacks in the Middle East, they've proved their point? Our allies in France and Italy are now flirting with communism; we've recognized a permanent Communist regime in East Germany; we virtually signed, in Helsinki, an agreement that the Russians have dominance in Eastern Europe; we bailed out Soviet agriculture with our huge grain sales, we've given them large loans, access to our best technology, and if the Senate hadn't interfered with the Jackson Amendment, maybe you would have given them even larger loans. Is that what you call a two-way street of traffic in Europe?
 I'm sorry, could I just follow--did I understand you to say, sir, that the Russians are not using Eastern Europe as their own sphere of influence and occupying most of the countries there and making sure with their troops that it's a Communist zone, whereas on our side of the line the Italians and the French are still flirting with the possibility of communism?
 Governor Carter, have you a response?
 Mr. Trewhitt, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor, I'd like to pick up on that point, actually, and on your appeal for a greater measure of American idealism in foreign affairs. Foreign affairs come home to the American public pretty much in such issues as oil embargoes and grain sales, that sort of thing. Would you be willing to risk an oil embargo in order to promote human rights in Iran, Saudi Arabia--withhold arms from Saudi Arabia for the same purpose? As a matter of fact, I think you have perhaps answered this final part, but would you withhold grain from the Soviet Union in order to promote civil rights in the Soviet Union?
 Governor, let me pursue that, if I may. If I understand you correctly, you would, in fact, to use my examples, withhold arms from Iran and Saudi Arabia even if the risk was an oil embargo and if they should be securing those arms from somewhere else. And then, if the embargo came, then you would respond in kind. Do I have it correctly?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Valeriani, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, the policy of your administration is to normalize relations with mainland China. That means establishing, at some point, full diplomatic relations and, obviously, doing something about the mutual defense treaty with Taiwan. If you are elected, will you move to establish full diplomatic relations with Peking, and will you abrogate the mutual defense treaty with Taiwan? And, as a corollary, would you provide mainland China with military equipment if the Chinese were to ask for it?
 Sir, the military equipment for the mainland Chinese?
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Frankel, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor, we always seem, in our elections, and maybe in between, too, to argue about who can be tougher in the world. Give or take a few billion dollars, give or take one weapons systems, our leading politicians, and I think you two gentlemen, seem to settle roughly on the same strategy in the world at roughly the same Pentagon budget cost.How bad do things have to get in our own economy, or how much backwardness and hunger would it take in the world to persuade you that our national security and our survival required very drastic cutbacks in arms spending and dramatic new efforts in other directions?
 If I hear you right, sir, you are saying guns and butter both, but President Johnson also had trouble keeping up both Vietnam and his domestic programs. I was really asking, when do the needs of the cities and our own needs and those of other backward and even more needy countries and societies around the world take precedence over some of our military spending? Ever?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Trewhitt, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, you referred earlier to your meeting with Mr. Brezhnev at Vladivostok in 1974. You agreed on that occasion to try to achieve another strategic arms limitation--SALT--agreement within the year. Nothing happened in 1975 or not very much publicly, at least, and those talks are still dragging, and things got quieter as the current season approached. Is there a bit of politics involved there, perhaps on both sides? Or, perhaps more important, are interim weapons developments--and I am thinking of such things as the cruise missile and the Soviet SS-20 intermediate range rocket--making SALT irrelevant, bypassing the SALT negotiations?
 Mr. President, let me follow that up. I'll submit that the cruise missile adds a whole new dimension to the arms competition, and then cite a statement by your office to the arms control association a few days ago in which you said that the cruise missile might eventually be included in a comprehensive arms limitation agreement, but that in the meantime it was an essential part of the American strategic arsenal. Now, may I assume from that that you are tending to exclude the cruise missile from the next SALT agreement, or is it still negotiable in that context?
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Valeriani, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, earlier tonight you said America is not strong anymore, America is not respected anymore. And I feel I must ask you, do you really believe that the United States is not the strongest country in the world? Do you really believe that the United States is not the most respected country in the world, or is that just campaign rhetoric?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Frankel, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, can we stick with morality? For a lot of people it seems to cover a bunch of sins.Mr. Nixon and Mr. Kissinger used to tell us that instead of morality we had to worry in the world about living with and letting live all kinds of governments that we really didn't like--North and South Korean dictators, Chilean fascists, Chinese Communists, Iranian emperors, and so on. They said the only way to get by in a wicked world was to treat others on the basis of how they treated us and not how they treated their own people.But more recently we seem to have taken a different tack. We seem to have decided that it is part of our business to tell the Rhodesians, for instance, that the way they are treating their own black people is wrong and they've got to change their government. And we put pressure on them. We were rather liberal in our advice to the Italians as to how to vote.Is this a new Ford foreign policy in the making? Can we expect that you are now going to turn to South Africa and force them to change their government, to intervene in similar ways to end the bloodshed, as you called it, say in Chile or Chilean prisons, and to throw our weight around for the values that we hold dear in the world?
 Governor Carter?
 Gentlemen, I am sorry to say we do not have time enough for two complete sequences of questions. We now have only 12 minutes left. Therefore, I would like to ask for shorter questions and shorter answers. And we also will drop the follow-up question. Each candidate may still respond, of course, to the other's answer. Mr. Trewhitt, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, before this event the most communication I received concerned Panama. Would you, as President, be prepared to sign a treaty which at a fixed date yielded administrative and economic control of the Canal Zone and shared defense which, as I understand it, is the position the United States took in 1974?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Valeriani, a question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, the Government [General] Accounting Office has just put out a report suggesting that you shot from the hip in the Mayaguez rescue mission and that you ignored diplomatic messages saying that a peaceful solution was in prospect. Why didn't you do more diplomatically at the time? And a related question Did the White I--House try to prevent the release of that report?
 Gentlemen, at this time we have time for only two very short questions. Mr. Frankel, a question for Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, if the price of gaining influence among the Arabs is closing our eyes a little bit to their boycott against Israel, how would you handle that?
 President Ford?
 Mr. Trewhitt, a very brief question for President Ford.
 Mr. President, if you get the accounting of missing in action you want from North Vietnam--or from Vietnam, I am sorry, now--would you then be prepared to reopen negotiations for restoration of relations with that country?
 Governor Carter?
 Thank you, Governor Carter.That completes the questioning for this evening. Each candidate now has up to 3 minutes for a closing statement. It was determined by the toss of a coin that Governor Carter would take the first question, and he now goes first with his closing remarks.Governor Carter.CATER. The purpose of this debate and the outcome of the election will determine three basic things--leadership, upholding the principles of our country, and proper priorities and commitments for the future.This election will also determine what kind of world we leave our children. Will it be a nightmare world, threatened with the proliferation of atomic bombs, not just in five major countries, but dozens of smaller countries that have been permitted to develop atomic weapons because of a failure of our top leadership to stop proliferation? Will we have a world of hunger and barred, and will we be living in an armed camp, stripped of our friendships and allies, hiding behind a tight defense that has been drawn in around us because we are fearful of the outside world? Will we have a government of secrecy that excludes the American people from participation in making basic decisions and therefore covers up mistakes and makes it possible for our Government--our Government--to depart from the principles of our Constitution and Bill of Rights? Or will we have a world of peace with the threat of atomic weapons eliminated, with full trade, with our people at work, inflation controlled, openness in government, our people proud once again; Congress, citizens, President, Secretary of State, working in harmony and unity toward a common future, a world where people have enough to cat, arid a world where we care about those who don't? Can we become a breadbasket of the world, instead of the arms merchant of the world? I believe we can and we ought to.Now, we have been hurt in recent years in this country, in the aftermath of Vietnam, Cambodia, Chile, Pakistan, Angola, Watergate, CIA. We have been hurt. Our people feel that we have lost something precious. That's not necessary. I want to see our Nation return to a posture and an image and a standard to make us proud once again. I remember the world of NATO and the world of point four and the world of the Marshall plan and a world of the Peace Corps. Why can't we have that once again?We ought to be a beacon for nations who search for peace and who search for freedom, who search for individual liberty, who search for basic human rights. We haven't been lately. We can be once again.We will never have that world leadership until we are strong at home, and we can have that strength if we return to the basic principles. It ought not to be a strength of bombast and threats. It ought to be a quiet strength based on the integrity of our people, the vision of the Constitution, and an innate strong will and purpose that God has given us in the greatest nation on Earth, the United States.
 President Ford.
 Thank you, President Ford. Thank you, Governor Carter. I also want to thank our questioners and the audience here this evening.The third and final debate between President Ford and Governor Carter will take place on October the 22d at 930 p.m., eastern daylight time, on the campus of the College of William and Mary inMODERATORburg, Virginia. The subject matter will cover all issues.These debates are sponsored by the League of Women Voters Education Fund to help voters become better informed on the issues and to generate greater voter turnout in the November election.Now from the Palace of Fine Arts Theatre in San Francisco, good night.
 I am Edwin Newman, moderator of this first debate of the 1976 campaign between Gerald R. Ford of Michigan, Republican candidate for President, and Jimmy Carter of Georgia, Democratic candidate for President.We thank you, President Ford, and we thank you, Governor Carter, for being with us tonight.There are to be three debates between the Presidential candidates and one between the Vice-Presidential candidates. All are being arranged by the League of Women Voters Education Fund.Tonight's debate, the first between Presidential candidates in 16 years and the first ever in which an incumbent President has participated, is taking place before an audience in the Walnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia, just 3 blocks from Independence Hall. The television audience may reach 100 million in the United States and many millions overseas.Tonight's debate focuses on domestic and economic policy. Questions will be put by Frank Reynolds of ABC News, James Gannon of the Wall Street Journal, and Elizabeth Drew of the New Yorker magazine.Under the agreed rules the first question will go to Governor Carter. That was decided by the toss of a coin. He will have up to 3 minutes to answer. One follow-up question will be permitted with up to 2 minutes to reply. President Ford will then have 2 minutes to respond.The next question will go to President Ford, with the same time arrangements, and questions will continue to be alternated between the candidates. Each man will make a 3-minute statement at the end, Governor Carter to go first.President Ford and Governor Carter do not have any notes or prepared remarks with them this evening.Mr. Reynolds, your question for Governor Carter.REYNOLDS. Mr. President, Governor Carter.Governor, in an interview with the Associated Press last week, you said you believed these debates would alleviate a lot of concern that some voters have about you. Well, one of those concerns-not an uncommon one about candidates in any year-is that many voters say they don't really know where you stand.Now, you have made jobs your number one priority, and you have said you are committed to a drastic reduction in unemployment. Can you say now, Governor, in specific terms what your first step would be next January, if you are elected, to achieve that?
 Mr. President, your response?
 Mr. Gannon, your question to President Ford.
 Mr. President, I would like to continue for a moment on this question of taxes which you have just raised. You have said that you favor more tax cuts for middle-income Americans, even those earning up to $30,000 a year. That presumably would cost the Treasury quite a bit of money in lost revenue.In view of the very large budget deficits that you have accumulated and that are still in prospect, how is it possible to promise further tax cuts and to reach your goal of balancing the budget?
 Mr. President, to follow up a moment, the Congress has passed a tax bill which is before you now which did not meet exactly the sort of outline that you requested. What is your intention on that bill since it doesn't meet your requirements? Do you plan to sign that bill?
 Governor Carter, your response.
 Mrs. Drew, your question to Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, you've proposed a number of new or enlarged programs, including jobs and health, welfare reform, child care, aid to education, aid to cities, changes in social security and housing subsidies. You've also said that you want to balance the budget by the end of your first term. Now, you haven't put a price tag on those programs, but even if we priced them conservatively, and we count for full employment by the end of your first term, and we count for the economic growth that would occur during that period, there still isn't enough money to pay for those programs and balance the budget by any estimates that I've been able to see. So, in that case, what would give?
 Governor, according to the budget committees of the Congress that you referred to, if we get to full employment, what they project at a 4-percent unemployment and, as you say, even allowing for the inflation in the programs, there would not be anything more than a surplus of $5 billion by 1981. Conservative estimates of your programs would be that they'd be about $85 to $100 billion. So, how do you say that you are going to be able to do these things and balance the budget?
 No, they took that into account in those figures.
 President Ford.
 Mr. Reynolds.REYNOLDS. Mr. President, when you came into office, you spoke very eloquently of the need for a time for healing. And very early in your administration you went out to Chicago and you announced, you proposed a program of case-by-case pardons for draft resisters to restore them to full citizenship. Some 14,000 young men took advantage of your offer, but another 90,000 did not. In granting the pardon to former President Nixon, sir, part of your rationale was to put Watergate behind us, to, if I may quote you again, truly end "our long national nightmare."Why does not the same rationale apply now, today, in our Bicentennial Year to the young men who resisted in Vietnam and many of them still in exile abroad?
 Mr. Gannon.
 Governor Carter, you have promised a sweeping overhaul of the Federal Government including a reduction in the number of Government agencies you say would go down to about 200 from some 1,900. That sounds indeed like a very deep cut in the Federal Government. But isn't it a fact that you are not really talking about fewer Federal employees or less Government spending, but rather that you are talking about reshaping the Federal Government, not making it smaller?
 Well, I'd like to press my question on the number of Federal employees-whether you would really plan to reduce the overall number or merely put them in different departments and relabel them? In your energy plan, you consolidate a number of agencies into one, or you would, but does that really change the overall?
 President Ford.
 Mrs. Drew.
 Mr. President, at Vail, after the Republican convention, you announced that you would now emphasize five new areas. Among those were jobs and housing and health, improved recreational facilities for Americans, and you also added crime. You also mentioned education.For 2 years you've been telling us that we couldn't do very much in these areas because we couldn't afford it, and in fact, we do have a $50 billion deficit now. In rebuttal to Governor Carter a little bit earlier, you said that if there were to be any surplus in the next few years, you thought it should be turned back to the people in the form of tax relief. So, how are you going to pay for any new initiatives in these areas you announced at Vail you were going to now stress?
 But, sir, in the next few years would you try to reduce the deficit, would you spend money for these programs that you have just outlined, or would you, as you said earlier, return whatever surplus you got to the people in the form of tax relief?
 Governor Carter.
 Mr. Reynolds.REYNOLDS. Governor Carter, I'd like to turn to what we used to call the energy crisis.Yesterday a British Government commission on air pollution, but one headed by a nuclear physicist, recommended that any further expansion of nuclear energy be delayed in Britain as long as possible. Now, this is a subject that is quite controversial among our own people, and there seems to be a clear difference between you and the President on the use of nuclear power plants, which you say you would use as a last priority. Why, sir? Are they unsafe?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Gannon.
 Mr. President, I'd like to return for a moment to this problem of unemployment. You have vetoed or threatened to veto a number of jobs bills passed or in development in the Democratic-controlled Congress. Yet, at the same time, the Government is paying out, I think it is, $17 billion, perhaps $20 billion, a year in unemployment compensation caused by the high unemployment. Why do you think it is better to pay out unemployment compensation to idle people than to put them to work in public service jobs?
 Just to follow up, Mr. President, the Congress has just passed a $3.7 billion appropriation bill which would provide money for the public works jobs program that you earlier tried to kill by your veto of the authorization legislation.In light of the fact that unemployment again is rising or has in the past 3 months, I wonder if you have rethought that question at all, whether you would consider allowing this program to be funded, or will you veto that money bill?
 Governor Carter.
 Governor Carter, under the rules I must stop you.
 Governor Carter, I'd like to come back to the subject of taxes. You have said that you want to cut taxes for the middle- and lower-income groups.
 But unless you are willing to do such things as reduce the itemized deductions for charitable contributions or home mortgage payments or interest or taxes or capital gains, you can't really raise sufficient revenue to provide an overall tax cut of any size. So, how are you going to provide that tax relief that you are talking about?
 Governor, to follow up on your answer, in order for any kind of tax relief to really be felt by the middle- and lower-income people, according to congressional committees on this, you need about $10 billion. Now, you listed some things. The deferral on foreign income is estimated it would save about $500 million. DISC, you said, was $1.4 billion. The estimate of the outside, if you eliminated all tax shelters, is $5 billion.So, where else would you raise the revenue to provide this tax relief? Would you, in fact, do away with all business deductions, and what other kinds of preferences would you do away with?
 President Ford.
 Mr. Reynolds.REYNOLDS. I suspect that we could continue on this tax argument for some time, but I'd like to move on to another area.Mr. President, everybody seems to be running against Washington this year, and I'd like to raise two coincidental events, then ask you whether you think perhaps this may have a bearing on the attitude throughout the country.The House Ethics Committee has just now ended its investigation of Daniel Schorr, after several months and many thousands of dollars, trying to find out how he obtained and caused to be published a report of the Congress that probably is the property of the American people. At the same time the Senate Select Committee on Standards and Conduct has voted not really to begin an investigation of a United States Senator because of allegations against him that he may have been receiving corporate funds illegally over a period of years.Do you suppose, sir, that events like this contribute to the feeling in the country that maybe there is something wrong in Washington, and I don't mean just in the executive branch, but throughout the whole Government?
 Governor Carter.
 President Ford, Governor Carter, we no longer have enough time for two complete sequences of questions. We have only about 6 minutes left for questions and answers. For that reason we will drop the follow-up questions at this point, but each candidate will still be able to respond to the other's answers.To the extent that you can, gentlemen, please keep your remarks brief.
 Governor Carter, one important part of the Government's economic policy apparatus we haven't talked about is the Federal Reserve Board. I would like to ask you something about what you have said, and that is that you believe that a President ought to have a Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board whose views are compatible with his own.Based on the record of the last few years, would you say that your views are compatible with those of Chairman Arthur Burns, and if not, would you seek his resignation if you are elected?
 President Ford, your response.
 Mrs. Drew.
 Mr. President, the real problem with the FBI-in fact, all of the intelligence agencies-is there are no real laws governing them. Such laws as there are tend to be vague and open-ended. Now, you have issued some Executive orders, but we have learned that leaving these agencies to executive discretion and direction can get them and in fact the country in a great deal of trouble. One President may be a decent man, the next one might not be.So, what do you think about trying to write in some more protection by getting some laws governing these agencies?
 Governor Carter.
 Ladies and gentlemen, probably it is not necessary for me to say that we had a technical failure during the debates. It was not a failure in the debate; it was a failure in the broadcasting of the debate. It occurred 27 minutes ago. The fault has been dealt with, and we want to thank President Ford and Governor Carter for being so patient and understanding while this delay went on.We very much regret the technical failure that lost the sound as it was leaving the theatre. It occurred during Governor Carter's response to what would have been and what was the last question put to the candidates. That question went to President Ford. It dealt with the control of Government intelligence agencies. Governor Carter was making his response and had very nearly finished it. He will conclude that response now, after which President Ford and Governor Carter will make their closing statements.
 It is now time for the closing statements which are to be up to 4 minutes long.Governor Carter, by the same toss of the coin that directed the first question to you, you are to go first now.
 President Ford.
 I'm Ruth Hinerfeld of the League of Women Voters Education Fund. Next Tuesday is election day. Before going to the polls, voters want to understand the issues and know the candidates' positions. Tonight, voters will have an opportunity to see and hear the major party candidates for the Presidency state their views on issues that affect us all. The League of Women Voters is proud to present this Presidential debate.Our moderator is Howard K. Smith.
 Thank you, Mrs. Hinerfeld.The League of Women Voters is pleased to welcome to the Cleveland, Ohio, Convention Center Music Hall President Jimmy Carter, the Democratic Party's candidate for reelection to the Presidency, and Governor Ronald Reagan of California, the Republican Party's candidate for the Presidency. The candidates will debate questions on domestic, economic, foreign policy, and national security issues.The questions are going to be posed by a panel of distinguished journalists who are here with me. They are Marvin Stone, the editor of U.S. News and World Report; Harry Ellis, national correspondent of the Christian Science Monitor; William Hilliard, assistant managing editor of the Portland Oregonian; Barbara Walters, correspondent, ABC News.The ground rules for this, as agreed by you gentlemen, are these Each panelist down here will ask a question, the same question, to each of the two candidates. After the two candidates have answered, a panelist will ask followup questions to try to sharpen the answers. The candidates will then have an opportunity each to make a rebuttal. That will constitute the first half of the debate, and I will state the rules for the second half later on.Some other rules The candidates are not permitted to bring prepared notes to the podium, but are permitted to make notes during the debate. If the candidates exceed the allotted time agreed on, I will reluctantly but certainly interrupt. We ask the Convention Center audience here to abide by one ground rule Please do not applaud or express approval or disapproval during the debate.Now, based on a toss of the coin, Governor Reagan will respond to the first question from Marvin Stone.
 Governor, as you're well aware, the question of war and peace has emerged as a central issue in this campaign in the give-and-take of recent weeks. President Carter's been criticized for responding late to aggressive Soviet impulses, for insufficient buildup of our Armed Forces, and a paralysis in dealing with Afghanistan and Iran. You have been criticized for being all too quick to advocate the use of lots of muscle, military action, to deal with foreign crises. Specifically, what are the differences between the two of you on the uses of American military power?
 Mr. Stone, do you have a followup question for the Governor?
 Yes. Governor, we've been hearing that the defense buildup that you would associate yourself with would cost tens of billions of dollars more than is now contemplated. In assuming that the American people are ready to bear this cost, they nevertheless keep asking the following question How do you reconcile huge increases in military outlays with your promise of substantial tax cuts and of balancing the budget, which in this fiscal year, the one that just ended, ran more than $60 billion in the red?
 The same question now goes to President Garter. President Carter, would you like to have the question repeated?
 Yes, President Carter, the question of war and peace, a central issue in this campaign. You've been criticized in the give-and-take for responding late to aggressive Soviet impulses, for an insufficient buildup of our Armed Forces, and a paralysis in dealing with Afghanistan and Iran. Governor Reagan, on the other hand, has been criticized for being all too quick to advocate the use of lots of muscle, military action, to deal with foreign crises such as I mentioned. Specifically, what are the differences between the two of you on the uses of American military power?
 Mr. Stone, do you have a followup on 
 Yes. I would like to be a little more specific on the use of military power, and let's talk about one area for a moment.Under what circumstances would you use military forces to deal with, for example, a shutoff of Persian Oil Gulf, if that should occur, or to counter Russian expansion beyond Afghanistan into either Iran or Pakistan? I ask this question in view of charges that we are woefully unprepared to project sustained  and I emphasize the word "sustained"  power in that part of the world.
 Governor Reagan, you have a minute to comment or rebut.
 President Carter, you have the last word on this question.
 Thank you, gentlemen. The next question is from Harry Ellis to President Carter.
 Mr. President, when you were elected in 1976, the Consumer Price Index stood at 4.8 percent. It now stands at more than 12 percent. Perhaps more significantly, the Nation's broader, underlying inflation rate has gone up from 7 to 9 percent. Now, a part of that was due to external factors beyond U.S. control, notably the more than doubling of oil prices by OPEC last year.Because the United States remains vulnerable to such external shocks, can inflation in fact be controlled? If so, what measures would you pursue in a second term?
 Mr. Ellis, do you have a followup question for Mr. Carter?
 Yes, Mr. President. You have mentioned the creation of 9 million new jobs.
 At the same time, the unemployment rate still hangs high, as does the inflation rate. Now, I wonder, can you tell us what additional policies you would pursue in a second administration in order to try to bring down that inflation rate? And would it be an act of leadership to tell the American people they're going to have to sacrifice to adopt a leaner lifestyle for some time to come?
 Now, the same question goes to Governor Reagan. Governor Reagan, would you like to have the question repeated?
 Governor Reagan, during the past 4 years, the Consumer Price Index has risen from 4.8 percent to currently over 12 percent. And perhaps more significantly, the Nation's broader, underlying rate of inflation has gone up from 7 to 9 percent. Now, a part of that has been due to external factors beyond U.S. control, and notably, the more than doubling of OPEC oil prices last year, which leads me to ask you whether, since the United States remains vulnerable to such external shocks, can inflation in fact be controlled? If so, specifically what measures would you pursue?
 A followup, Mr. Ellis?
 Yes, you have centered on cutting Government spending in what you have just said about your own policies. You have also said that you would increase defense spending. Specifically, where would you cut Government spending if you were to increase defense spending and also cut taxes, so that, presumably, Federal revenues would shrink?
 President Carter.
 Sorry to interrupt 
  Mr. Carter.
 Governor Reagan has the last word on this question.
 I wish that question need not be rhetorical, but it must be because we've run out of time on that. [Laughter] Now, the third question to Governor Reagan from William Hilliard.
 Follow-up, Mr. Hilliard?
 Mr. Hilliard, would you repeat your question for President Carter?
 A followup question?
 Governor Reagan, you have a minute for rebuttal.
 President Garter, you have the last word on this question.
 Thank you, gentlemen.Now for the fourth question, to President Garter from Barbara Walters.INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
 Mr. President, the eyes of the country tonight are on the hostages in Iran. I realize this is a sensitive area, but the question of how we respond to acts of terrorism goes beyond this current crisis. Other countries have policies that determine how they will respond. Israel, for example, considers hostages like soldiers and will not negotiate with terrorists.For the future, Mr. President, the country has the right to know, do you have a policy for dealing with terrorism wherever it might happen, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that might cause us to do things differently if this or something similar happens again?
 Ms. Walters, a followup?
 Yes. While we are discussing policy, had Iran not taken American hostages, I assume that, in order to preserve our neutrality, we would have stopped the flow of spare parts and vital war materiels once war broke out between Iraq and Iran. Now, we're offering to lift the ban on such goods if they let our people come home. Doesn't this reward terrorism, compromise our neutrality, and possibly antagonize nations now friendly to us in the Middle East?
 Would you repeat the question now for Governor Reagan, please, Ms. Walters?
 Yes. Governor, the eyes of the country tonight remain on the hostages in Iran, but the question of how we respond to acts of terrorism goes beyond this current crisis. There are other countries that have policies that determine how they will respond. Israel, for example, considers hostages like soldiers and will not negotiate with terrorists.For the future, the country has the right to know, do you have a policy for dealing with terrorism wherever it might happen, and what have we learned from this experience in Iran that might cause us to do things differently if this, or something similar, should happen again?
 Follow-up question.
 Well, I would like to say that neither candidate answered specifically the question of a specific policy for dealing with terrorism, but I will ask Governor Reagan a different followup question. You have suggested that there would be no Iranian crisis had you been President, because we would have given firmer support to the Shah. But Iran is a country of 37 million people who were resisting a government they regarded as dictatorial.My question is not whether the Shah's regime was preferable to the Ayatollah's, but whether the United States has the power or the right to try to determine what form of government any country will have, and do we back unpopular regimes whose major merit is that they are friendly to the United States?
 Governor, I'm sorry, I must interrupt. President Carter, you have a minute for rebuttal.
 Governor Reagan, you have the last word on that question.
 Thank you, gentlemen. That is the first half of the debate.Now, the rules for the second half, quite simple. They're only complicated when I explain them. [Laughter] In the second half, the panelists with me will have no followup questions. Instead, after the panelists have asked a question the candidates have answered, each of the candidates will have two opportunities to follow up, to question, to rebut, or just to comment on his opponent's statement.Governor Reagan will respond, in this section, to the first question from Marvin Stone.STRATEGIC ARMS LIMITATION
 Governor Reagan, arms control The President said it was the single most important issue, Both of you have expressed the desire to end the nuclear arms race with Russia, but by methods that are vastly different. You suggest that we scrap the SALT II treaty, already negotiated, and intensify the buildup of American power to induce the Soviets to sign a new treaty, one more favorable to us.
 President Carter, on the other hand, says he will again try to convince a reluctant Congress to ratify the present treaty on the grounds it's the best we can hope to get.Now, both of you cannot be right. Will you tell us why you think you are?
 Governor, I have to interrupt you at that point. The time is up for that. But the same question now to President Carter.
 Yes, President Carter. Both of you have expressed the desire to end the nuclear arms race with Russia, but through vastly different methods. The Governor suggests we scrap the SALT II treaty, which you signed in Vienna  intensify the buildup of American power to induce the Soviets to sign a new treaty, one more favorable to us. You, on the other hand, say you will again try to convince a reluctant Congress to ratify the present treaty on the grounds it is the best we can hope to get from the Russians.You cannot both be right. Will you tell us why you think you are?
 Governor Reagan, you have an opportunity to rebut that.
 President Carter?
 Governor Reagan?
 President Carter, you have the last word on this question.
 We have to go to another question now, from Harry Ellis to President Carter.ENERGY
 Mr. President, as you have said, Americans, through conservation, are importing much less oil today than we were even a year ago. Yet U.S. dependence on Arab oil as a percentage of total imports is today much higher than it was at the time of the 1973 Arab oil embargo. And for some time to come, the loss of substantial amounts of Arab oil could plunge the U.S. into depression. Now, this means that a bridge must be built out of this dependence.Can the United States develop synthetic fuels and other alternative energy sources without damage to the environment, and will this process mean steadily higher fuel bills for American families?
 Would you repeat the question now for Governor Reagan?
 Governor Reagan, Americans, through conservation, are importing much less oil today than we were even a year ago. And yet, U.S. reliance on Arab oil as a percentage of total imports is much higher today than it was during the 1973 Arab oil embargo. And the substantial loss of Arab oil could plunge the United States into depression.The question is whether the development of alternative energy sources, in order to reduce this dependence, can be done without damaging the environment, and will it mean for American families steadily higher fuel bills?
 President Carter, your comment?
 Governor Reagan.
 President Carter, another crack at that?
 Governor Reagan, you have the last word on this question.
 Thank you, Governor.Thank you, Mr. President.The next question goes to Governor Reagan from William Hilliard.SOCIAL SECURITY
 Would you repeat that question for President Carter?
 Governor Reagan.
 President Carter's rebuttal now.
 Governor.
 President Carter, you have the last word on this question.
 Barbara, would you repeat the question for Governor Reagan?MODERATOR. Yes, thank you. Realizing that you may be equally reluctant to speak ill of your opponent, may I ask why people should not vote for your opponent, why his Presidency could be harmful to the Nation? And having examined both your opponent's record and the man himself, could you tell us his greatest weakness?
 President Carter.
 Governor Reagan.
 President Carter.
 Governor Reagan, yours is the last word.
 Gentlemen, each of you now have 3 minutes for a closing statement. President Carter, you're first.CLOSING STATEMENTS
 Governor Reagan.
 Gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, for 60 years the League of Women Voters has been committed to citizen education and effective participation of Americans in governmental and political affairs. The most critical element of all in that process is an informed citizen who goes to the polls and who votes.On behalf of the League of Women Voters, now, I would like to thank President Carter and Governor Reagan for being with us in Cleveland tonight. And, ladies and gentlemen, thank you and good night.
 Good evening. I'm Ruth Hinerfeld of the League of Women Voters Education Fund. We're pleased to be in Baltimore for the first of our 1980 Presidential Debates. The League is a non-partisan organization. We're presenting these debates to provide citizens an opportunity to see and hear the candidates state their positions on important issues of concern to us all. Our moderator is Bill Moyers.
 Thank you, Mrs. Hinerfeld. My colleagues and I agreed to participate tonight, although the questioners are limited by the constraints of the format, because we thought with the League of Women Voters, that it is desirable to seek a comparison of views on a few issues in a joint appearance by the men who would be the next President of the United States.Former Governor Ronald Reagan, a Republican Party candidate, and Congressman John Anderson, who is running as an Independent, accepted the League of Women Voters' invitation to be here. President Carter declined. Mr. Reagan and Mr. Anderson will respond with their views on certain issues posed by questions from my colleagues Carol Loomis of Fortune Magazine; Daniel Greenberg, a syndicated columnist; Charles Corddry of the Baltimore Sun; Lee May of The Los Angeles Times; James Bryant Quinn. Jane Bryant Quinn of Newsweek; and Soma Golden of The New York Times. None of the questions has been submitted in advance to either the League of Women Voters, or to the candidates, or to their representatives.Gentlemen, thank you both for coming. The ground rules you agreed upon with the League are brief. Each panelist will ask a single question. You will have two and a half minutes in which to respond. After you've stated your positions in those two and a half minutes, each of you will have one minute and 15 seconds for response. At the close of the debate, each of you will have three minutes for closing remarks.We ask the Convention Center audience to abide by one simple ground rule Please do not applaud or express approval or disapproval during the debate. You may do that on November 4.Having won the toss of the coin, Mr. Anderson will respond to the first question from Carol Loomis.CAROL LOOMIS, BOARD OF EDITORS,FORTUNE MAGAZINE  Mr. Anderson, opinion polls show that the American public sees inflation as the country's number one economic problem, yet, as individuals, they oppose cures that hurt them personally. Elected officials have played along by promising to cure inflation while backing away from tough programs that might hurt one special interest group or another, and by actually adding inflationary elements to the system, such as indexing. They have gone for what is politically popular, rather than for what might work and amount to leadership.My question, and please be specific, is what politically unpopular measures are you willing to endorse, push and stay with, that might provide real progress in reducing inflation?
 Miss Loomis, I think it's very appropriate that the first question in this first debate of Campaign '80 should relate to the economy of the country, because it seems to me that the people who are watching us tonight - 221 million Americans - are truly concerned about the poor rate of performance of the American economy over the last four years. Governor Reagan is not responsible for what has happened over the last four years, nor am I. The man who should be here tonight to respond to those charges chose not to attend. But I want to answer as specifically as I can the question that you have just put to me. Let me tell you that I, first of all, oppose an election year tax cut, whether it is the 10% across-the-board tax cut promised to the taxpayers by my opponent in this debate tonight, or whether it is the $27.5 billion tax cut promised on the 20th of August by President Carter. I simply think that when we are confronting a budget deficit this year - and this fiscal year will end in about 10 days, and we are confronted with the possibility of a deficit of $60 billion, perhaps as much as $63 billion - that that simply would be irresponsible. That, once again, the printing presses will start to roll; once again we will see the monetization of that debt result in a higher rate of inflation. Even though we've seen some hopeful signs, perhaps, in the flash report on the third quarter, that perhaps the economy is coming out of the recession, we've also seen the rise in the rate of the prime; we have seen mortgage rates back up again, a sure sign of inflation in the housing industry. What I would propose, and I proposed it way back in March when I was a candidate in my own state of Illinois, I proposed $11.3 billion, specifically, in cuts in the Federal budget. I think we've got to have fiscal restraint. And I said at that time that one of the things that we could do, that perhaps would save as much as $5 billion to $7 billion, according, to one of the leading members of the House Budget Committee, was to recalculate the index that is used to determine the cost of living benefits that are paid to civil service retirees, to military retirees. That we ought to ... in addition to that, we ought to pay those retirement benefits on the basis of once a year, rather than twice a year, and save $750 billion. In other words....
 fiscal restraint, I think is necessary.
 Mr. Movers, in addition to saying that this is no time for a tax cut, in view of the incipient signs of renewed inflation, in addition to calling for restraint in Federal spending, 15 months ago, I also suggested we ought to have an emergency excise tax on gasoline. I say that because I think, this year, we will send $90 billion out of this country to pay for imported oil, even though that. those imports have been reduced. And since I first made that proposal 15 months ago, the price of gasoline, which was then $.80, has gone up to about $1.30. In other words, we've had a huge increase of about $.50 a gallon since that time, and all of that increase has gone out of this country - or much of it - into the pockets of OPEC oil producers. Whereas I have proposed we ought to take. put that tax on here at home, reduce our consumption of that imported oil. Recycle those proceeds, then, back into the pockets of the American workers by reducing their tax payments. their Social Security tax payments by 50%. That, I think, in addition, would be an anti-inflationary measure that would strengthen the economy of this country.
 Well, Mr. Greenberg, I simply cannot allow to go unpassed the statements that have just been made by Mr. Reagan, who once again, has demonstrated, I think, a total misunderstanding of the energy crisis that confronts, not only this country, but the world, when he suggests that we have 27 years' supply of natural gas, 47 years' supply of oil, and all the rest, and that we really. all we have to do is to get the Government off the back of the oil industry, and that's going to be enough.I agree with what I think is the major premise of your question, sir, that we are going to have to create a new conservation ethic in the minds of the American people. and that's simply why I proposed, 15 months ago, the emergency excise tax on gasoline that I did. I did it as a security measure to be sure, because I would rather see us reduce the consumption of imported oil than have to send American boys to fight in the Persian Gulf. But at the same time, I think it's going to take a dramatic measure of that kind to convince the American people that we will have to reduce the use of the private automobile. We simply cannot have people sitting one behind the wheel of a car in these long traffic jams going in and out of our great cities. We are going to have to resort to van pooling, to car pooling. We're going to have to develop better community transportation systems, so that with buses and light rail, we can replace the private automobile in those places where it clearly is not energy-efficient. I think that, with respect to housing, when we are consuming, even though our per capita income today is about the same as that of the Federal Republic of Germany, we are consuming about, by a factor of two, the amount of energy that they consume in that country. Surely, there are things that we can do in the retrofitting, ;n the redesign of our homes, not only of our houses, but of our commercial structures, as well, that will make it possible for us to achieve. According to one study that was published a short time ago - the Harvard Business School study - indicated that just in the commercial sector alone of the economy, we could save between 30% and 40% of the energy that we consume in this country today. So I think, yes, we will have to change in a very appreciable way, some of the lifestyles that we now enjoy.
 Mr. Greenberg, I think my opponent in this debate tonight is overlooking one other very important fact. And that is, that we cannot look at this as simply a national problem. Even though it's true that, perhaps, between now and the end of the decade, our total consumption of oil may not increase by more than, perhaps, a million or 2 million barrels of oil a day. The rest of the Western world, we are told, may see its consumption increase from 51 million barrels to about 66 million. And that additional 15 million barrels is going to cause scarcity. It is going to cause scarcity in world markets because there are at least five reputable studies, one even by the American Petroleum Institute itself, that, I think, clearly indicate that somewhere along around the end of the present decade, total world demand for oil is simply going to exceed total available supplies. I think that conservation - I think that a change in lifestyles - is necessary, and we had better begin to plan for that now rather than later.
 Mr. Corddry, I am well aware of the present deficiencies in the Armed Forces of this country. When you have a report, as we did recently, that six out of 10 CONUS Divisions in this country - Continental United States Army Divisions - simply could not pass a readiness test that two out of three divisions that were to be allocated to the so-called Rapid Deployment Force could not meet a readiness test. And in most cases, that failure to meet the test was because of a lack of manning requirements, an inability to fill many of the slots in those divisions. Yes, I have seen figures that indicate that perhaps as of September, 1980 - this very month - that there is a shortage of about 104,000 in the ranks between E-4 and E-9. And there were reports. public reports not long ago about ships that could not leave American ports because of a lack of crews. I talked to one of the leading former chiefs of Naval operations in my office a few weeks ago, who told me about 25,000 Chief Petty Officers being short. But, I think that that is clearly related to the fact that, going back to the time when the all-volunteer Army was created in 1973 - and I worked hard for it and supported it - we simply have failed to keep pace with the cost of living. And today, on the average, the average serviceman is at least 15% - and I happen to think that's a very modest estimate - 15% below what has happened to the cost of living over that period of time. And as a result, the families of some of our young servicemen are on food stamps today. And I think that's shocking; it's shameful. So, yes, I told the American Legion National! Convention, the VFW National Convention - when I spoke to each of those bodies - I outlined a very specific program of increasing pay and allowances, reenlistment bonuses. That only makes sense. But I would leave you with this thought, sir, to be quite specific in my answer to your question that, of course, to protect the vital interests of this country, if that became impossible; if I could not, despite the very best efforts that I asked the Congress to put forward, to raise those pay and incentives and allowances, of course, I would not leave this country go undefended.
 Mr. Moyers. I must say that I think I have better opportunity, however, of finding the necessary funds to pay what, admittedly, will be very, very substantial sums of money. We signed one bill. or we passed one bill, just a couple of weeks ago in the House of Representatives for $500 million - a half a billion dollars. That is just a downpayment, in my opinion. But, unlike Governor Reagan, I do not support a boondoggle like the MX missile. I've just gotten a report from the Air Force that indicates that the 30-year lifecycle cost of that system is going to be $100 billion. The initial cost is about $54 billion, and then when you add in the additional costs - not only the construction of the system, the missiles and the personnel, and so on - when you add in the additional costs over the lifecycle of that system, over $100 billion. I would propose to save the taxpayers of this country from that kind of costly boondoggle.
 Mr. Reagan, the military is not the only area in crisis. American cities are physically wearing out, as housing, streets, sewers and budgets all fall apart. And all of this is piled upon the emotional strain that comes from refugees and racial confrontations. Now, I'm wondering what specific plans do you have for Federal involvement in saving our cities from these physical and emotional! crises, and how would you carry out those plans in addition to raising military pay, without going against your pledge of fiscal restraint?
 Mr. May, I recently saw a Princeton University study that indicated that the cities of America - the large cities of this country - are in worse shape today than they were in 1960. It seems to totally belie the claim that I heard President Carter make a few days ago, that he was the first President that had come forth with a real urban strategy to meet the problems of urban America. Incidentally, just this past week, the crown jewel in that program that he had devised was stolen, I guess, because a conference committee turned down the ambitious plan that he had to increase the amount of money that would be available to the Economic Development Administration for loan guarantees and direct loans and credits. I'm happy to say that, in contrast to that, the Anderson-Lucey platform for America, program for the 80s, has devoted considerable time, and in very specific detail, we have talked about two things that ought to be done to aid urban America. We call, first of all, for the creation of a $4 billion urban reinvestment trust fund to do exactly what you spoke about in your question - to rebuild the streets, to rebuild the cities, the leaking water mains. I was in North Pittsburgh - I think it was a few weeks ago, on my campaign - the water mains in that city had begun to leak, and literally, there wasn't money available to fix them. And until we can begin to recreate the basic infrastructure of the great cities of America, particularly in the upper Midwest and in the Northeast, they simply are not going to provide the kind of economic climate that will enable them to retain industry, enable them to retain the kind of solid industrial base that they need, so that they can provide jobs. We have also provided in our program for a $4 billion Community Trust Fund, and we've told you where the money is coming from. It's going to come from the dedication, by 1984, of the excise revenues that today are being collected by the Federal Government on alcohol and tobacco. That money, I think, ought to be put into rebuilding the base of our cities. In addition to that, jobs programs to re-employ the youth in our cities would be very high on my priority list, both the Youth Opportunities Act of 1980 and a billion-dollar program that I would recommend to put youth to work in energy projects, in conservation projects, in projects that would carry out some of the great national goals of our country.
 Well, of course, where has the private sector been, Governor Reagan, during the years that our cities have been deteriorating? It seems to me that to deny the responsibility of the Federal Government to do something about our crumbling cities is to deny the opportunity for one thing To 55% of the black population of our country that is locked within the inner cities of the metropolitan areas of our country. We simply cannot ignore the fact that, in those cities today, we have 55% youth unemployment among black and Hispanic youth. And why is that? It's because they have lost their industry. And why have they lost their industry? It's because they no longer present the kind of viable economic climate that makes it possible for industry to remain there, or to locate there. I think Government has a responsibility to find jobs for the youth of this country, and that the place to start is to assist in the very important and necessary task of helping cities rebuild.
 Miss Quinn, I would be very happy to accept the challenge of your question tonight, to tell the voters of this country exactly what I think it's going to cost, because I believe that all too often in past elections, politicians have simply been promising people things that they cannot deliver. When these Presidential Debates were held just four years ago, I remember the incumbent President, who was willing to debate, President Ford, telling the American people that they simply ought not to vote for somebody who promised more than they could deliver. Well, we've seen what has happened. We haven't gotten either the economies in Government that were promised; we haven't gotten the 4% inflation that we were supposed to get at the end of Mr. Carter's first term. Instead we had, I think, in the second quarter, a Consumer Price Index registering around 12%. And nobody really knows, with the latest increase in the Wholesale Price Index - that's about 18% on an annualized basis - what it's going to be. Let me say this. I think my programs are far less inflationary than those of Governor Reagan. His own running mate, when he was running for the Presidency, said that they would cost 30% inflation inside of two years, and he cited his leading economic advisor, a very distinguished economist, Paul Macavoy, as the source of that information. He went so far as to call it "brutal economics." I've been very careful - I have been very careful in saying that what I'm going to do is to bring Federal spending under control first. I would like to stand here and promise the American people a tax cut, as Governor Reagan has done. But, you know, it's gotten to be about $122 difference. Somebody worked it out. And they figured out that between the tax cut that Governor Reagan is promising the American people, and the tax cut that Jimmy Carter is promising in 198I, his is worth about $122 more. So you, dear voters, are out there on the auction block, and these two candidates are bidding for your votes. And one is going to give you $122 more if you happen to be in that range of about a $20,000-a-year income. I'm going to wait until I see that that inflation rate is going down, before I even begin to phase in the business tax cuts that I've talked about. But I think, by improving productivity, they would be far less inflationary than the consumption-oriented tax cut that Governor Reagan is recommending.
 Mr. Moyers, I'm not here to debate Governor Reagan's record as Governor. This is 1980 and not 1966. But I do know that, despite his pledge to reduce state Government spending, that it rose from $4.6 billion when he took office in 1967, to $10.2 billion during his eight years in office. Spending, in other words. more than doubled, and it rose at a faster rate than spending was rising in the Federal Government. But on his very optimistic figures about his tax cut producing a balanced budget by 1983, and the fact that he is using, he says, the figures of the Senate Budget Committee, that Senate Budget Committee Report does not accommodate all of the Reagan defense plans. It doesn't accommodate the expenditures that he calls for, for accelerated development and deployment of a new manned strategic bomber, for a permanent fleet in the Indian Ocean, for the restoration of the fleet to 600 ships, to the development and deployment of a dedicated modern aircraft interceptor. In other words, I have seen his program costed out to the point where it would amount to more than $300 million a year, just for the military. And I think the figures that he has given are simply not going to stand up.
 Mr. Reagan.
 Okay. I would point out that churches are tax-exempt institutions, and I'll repeat my question. Do you approve the Church's action this week in Boston, and should a President be guided by organized religion on issues like abortion, equal rights and defense spending?
 Ms. Golden, certainly the church has the right to take a position on moral issues. But to try, as occurred in the case that you mentioned - that specific case - to try to tell the parishioners of any church, of any denomination, how they should vote, or for whom they should vote, I think violates the principle of separation of church and state. Now, Governor Reagan is running on a platform that calls for a Constitutional amendment banning abortion. I think that is a moral issue that ought to be left to the freedom of conscience of the individual. And for the state to interfere with a Constitutional amendment, and tell a woman that she must carry that pregnancy to term, regardless of her personal belief, that, I think, violates freedom of conscience as much as anything that I can think of. And he is also running on a platform that suggests a litmus test for the selection of judges - that only judges that hold a certain, quote, "view," on the sanctity of family life, ought to be appointed to the Federal Judiciary, one of the three great independent branches of our Government. No. I believe in freedom of choice. I don't believe in Constitutional Amendments that would interfere with that. I don't believe in trying to legislate new tests for the selection of the Federal Judiciary. On the Amendment that you mentioned, I abandoned it 15 years ago. And I have said freely, all over this country, that it was a mistake for me or anyone to ever try to put the Judeo-Christian heritage of this country, important as it is, and important as my religious faith is to me - it's a very deeply personal matter. But for me to try, in this very pluralistic society of ours, to try to frame any definition, whatever, of what that belief should be, is wrong. And so, not once, but twice - in 1971 - I voted on the floor of the House of Representatives against a Constitutional amendment that tried to bring prayer back into the public schools. I think mother ought to whisper to Johnny and to Susie, as they button their coats in the morning and leave for the classroom, "Be sure to say a prayer before you start your day's work." But I don't think that the state, the Board of Regents, a Board of Education, or any state official, should try to compose that prayer for a child to recite.
 I also think that that unborn child has a right to be wanted. And I also believe, sir, that the most personal intimate decision that any woman is ever called upon to make is the decision as to whether or not she shall carry a pregnancy to term. And for the state to interfere in that decision, under whatever guise, and with whatever rationale, for the state to try to take over in that situation, and by edict, command what the individual shall do, and substitute itself for that individual's conscience, for her right to consult her rabbi, her minister, her priest, her doctor - any other counselor of her choice - I think goes beyond what we want to ever see accomplished in this country, if we really believe in the First Amendment if we really believe in freedom of choice and the right of the individual.
 Mr. Movers, President Carter was not right a few weeks ago when he said that the American people were confronted with only two choices, with only two men, and with only two parties. I think you've seen tonight in this debate that Governor Reagan and I have agreed on exactly one thing - we are both against the reimposition of a peacetime draft. We have disagreed, I believe, on virtually every other issue. I respect him for showing tonight - for appearing here, and I thank the League of Women Voters for the opportunity that they have given me. I am running for President as an Independent because I believe our country is in trouble. I believe that all of us are going to have to begin to work together to solve our problems. If you think that I am a spoiler, consider these facts Do you really think that our economy is healthy? Do you really think that 8 million Americans being out of work and the 50% unemployment among the youth of our country are acceptable? Do you really think that our armed forces are really acceptably strong in those areas of conventional capability where they should be? Do you think that our political institutions are working the way they should when literally only half of our citizens vote? I don't think you do think that. And therefore, I think you ought to consider doing something about it, and voting for an Independent in 1980. You know, a generation of office seekers has tried to tell the American people that they could get something for nothing. It's been a time, therefore, of illusion and false hopes, and the longer it continues, the more dangerous it becomes. We've got to stop drifting. What I wish tonight so desperately is that we had had more time to talk about some of the other issues that are so fundamentally important. A great historian, Henry Steele Commager, said that in their lust for victory, neither traditional party is looking beyond November. And he went on to cite three issues that their platforms totally ignore atomic warfare, Presidential Directive 59 notwithstanding. If we don't resolve that issue, all others become irrelevant. The issue of our natural resources; the right of posterity to inherit the earth, and what kind of earth will it be? The issue of nationalism - the recognition, he says, that every major problem confronting us is global, and cannot be solved by nationalism here or elsewhere - that is chauvinistic, that is parochial, that is as anachronistic as states' rights was in the days of Jefferson Davis. Those are some of the great issues - atomic warfare, the use of our natural resources, and the issue of nationalism - that I intend to be talking about in the remaining six weeks of this campaign, and I dare hope that the American people will be listening and that they will see that an Independent government of John Anderson and Patrick Lucey can give us the kind of coalition government that we need in 1980 to begin to solve our problems. Thank you.
 Good evening from the Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City. I am Dorothy Ridings, the president of the League of Women Voters, the sponsor of this final Presidential debate of the 1984 campaign between Republican Ronald Reagan and Democrat Walter Mondale.Our panelists for tonight's debate on defense and foreign policy issues are Georgie Anne Geyer, syndicated columnist for Universal Press Syndicate; Marvin Kalb, chief diplomatic correspondent for NBC News; Morton Kondracke, executive editor of the New Republic magazine; and Henry Trewhitt, diplomatic correspondent for the Baltimore Sun. Edwin Newman, formerly of NBC News and now a syndicated columnist for King Features, is our moderator.
 Dorothy Ridings, thank you. A brief word about our procedure tonight. The first question will go toMODERATOR He'll have 2 1/2 minutes to reply. Then the panel member who put the question will ask a followup. The answer to that will be limited to 1 minute. After that, the same question will be put to President Reagan. Again, there will be a followup. And then each man will have 1 minute for rebuttal. The second question will go to President Reagan first. After that, the alternating will continue. At the end there will be 4-minute summations, with President Reagan going last.We have asked the questioners to be brief. Let's begin.MODERATOR, your question toMODERATORCentral America
 Mr. Mondale, two related questions on the crucial issue of Central America. You and the Democratic Party have said that the only policy toward the horrendous civil wars in Central America should be on the economic development and negotiations, with perhaps a quarantine of Marxist Nicaragua. Do you believe that these answers would in any way solve the bitter conflicts there? Do you really believe that there is no need to resort to force at all? Are not the solutions to Central America's gnawing problems simply, again, too weak and too late?
 I believe that the question oversimplifies the difficulties of what we must do in Central America. Our objectives ought to be to strengthen the democracies, to stop Communist and other extremist influences, and stabilize the community in that area. To do that we need a three-pronged attack one is military assistance to our friends who are being pressured; secondly, a strong and sophisticated economic aid program and human rights program that offers a better life and a sharper alternative to the alternative offered by the totalitarians who oppose us; and finally, a strong diplomatic effort that pursues the possibilities of peace in the area.That's one of the big disagreements that we have with the Presidentthat they have not pursued the diplomatic opportunities either within El Salvador or as between the countries and have lost time during which we might have been able to achieve a peaceThis brings up the whole question of what Presidential leadership is all about. I think the lesson in Central America, this recent embarrassment in Nicaragua where we are giving instructions for hired assassins, hiring criminals, and the restall of this has strengthened our opponents.A President must not only assure that we're tough, but we must also be wise and smart in the exercise of that power. We saw the same thing in Lebanon, where we spent a good deal of America's assets. But because the leadership of this government did not pursue wise policies, we have been humiliated, and our opponents are stronger.The bottom line of national strength is that the President must be in command, he must lead. And when a President doesn't know that submarine missiles are recallable, says that 70 percent of our strategic forces are conventional, discovers 3 years into his administration that our arms control efforts have failed because he didn't know that most Soviet missiles were on landthese are things a President must know to command.A President is called the Commander in Chief. And he's called that because he's supposed to be in charge of the facts and run our government and strengthen our nation.
 Mr. Mondale, if I could broaden the question just a little bit Since World War II, every conflict that we as Americans have been involved with has been in nonconventional or irregular terms. And yet, we keep fighting in conventional or traditional military terms.The Central American wars are very much in the same pattern as China, as Lebanon, as Iran, as Cuba, in their early days. Do you see any possibility that we are going to realize the change in warfare in our time, or react to it in those terms?
 We absolutely must, which is why I responded to your first question the way I did. It's much more complex. You must understand the region; you must understand the politics in the area; you must provide a strong alternative; and you must show strengthand all at the same time.That's why I object to the covert action in Nicaragua. That's a classic example of a strategy that's embarrassed us, strengthened our opposition, and undermined the moral authority of our people and our country in the region. Strength requires knowledge, command. We've seen in the Nicaraguan example a policy that has actually hurt us, strengthened our opposition, and undermined the moral authority of our country in that region.
 Mr. President, in the last few months it has seemed more and more that your policies in Central America were beginning to work. Yet, just at this moment, we are confronted with the extraordinary story of a CIA guerrilla manual for the anti-Sandinista contras whom we are backing, which advocates not only assassinations of Sandinistas but the hiring of criminals to assassinate the guerrillas we are supporting in order to create martyrs. Is this not, in effect, our own state-supported terrorism?
 Well, Mr. President, you are implying then that the CIA in Nicaragua is directing the contras there. I'd also like to ask whether having the CIA investigate its own manual in such a sensitive area is not sort of like sending the fox into the chicken coop a second time?
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal.
 What is a President charged with doing when he takes his oath of office? He raises his right hand and takes an oath of office to take care to faithfully execute the laws of the land. A President can't know everything, but a President has to know those things that are essential to his leadership and the enforcement of our laws.This manualseveral thousands of which were producedwas distributed, ordering political assassinations, hiring of criminals, and other forms of terrorism. Some of it was excised, but the part dealing with political terrorism was continued. How can this happen? How can something this serious occur in an administration and have a President of the United States in a situation like this say he didn't know? A President must know these things. I don't know which is worse, not knowing or knowing and not stopping it.And what about the mining of the harbors in Nicaragua which violated international law? This has hurt this country, and a President's supposed to command.
 Mr. President, your rebuttal.
 Mr. Kalb, your question to President Reagan.
 Mr. President, you have often described the Soviet Union as a powerful, evil empire intent on world domination. But this year you have said, and I quote. "If they want to keep their Mickey Mouse system, that's okay with me." Which is it, Mr. President? Do you want to contain them within their present borders and perhaps try to reestablish detenteor what goes for detenteor do you really want to roll back their empire?
 Mr. President, perhaps the other side of the coin, a related question, sir. Since World War II, the vital interests of the United States have always been defined by treaty commitments and by Presidential proclamations. Aside from what is obvious, such as NATO, for example, which countries, which regions in the world do you regard as vital national interests of this country, meaning that you would send American troops to fight there if they were in danger?
 I'm sorry, Mr. President. Sir, your time was up.
 Mr. Mondale, you have described the Soviet leaders as, and I'm quoting, ". . . cynical, ruthless, and dangerous," suggesting an almost total lack of trust in them. In that case, what makes you think that the annual summit meetings with them that you have proposed will result in agreements that would satisfy the interests of this country?
 Because the only type of agreements to reach with the Soviet Union are the types that are specifically defined, so we know exactly what they must do; subject to full verification, which means we know every day whether they're living up to it; and follow-ups, wherever we find suggestions that they're violating it; and the strongest possible terms.I have no illusions about the Soviet Union leadership or the nature of that state. They are a tough and a ruthless adversary, and we must be prepared to meet that challenge, and I would. Where I part with the President is that despite all of those differences we must, as past Presidents before this one have done, meet on the common ground of survival. And that's where the President has opposed practically every arms control agreement, by every President, of both political parties, since the bomb went off. And he now completes this term with no progress toward arms control at all, but with a very dangerous arms race underway instead. There are now over 2,000 more warheads pointed at us today than there were when he was sworn in, and that does not strengthen us.We must be very, very realistic in the nature of that leadership, but we must grind away and talk to find ways of reducing these differences, particularly where arms races are concerned and other dangerous exercises of Soviet power.There will be no unilateral disarmament under my administration. I will keep this nation strong. I understand exactly what the Soviets are up to, but that, too, is a part of national strength. To do that, a President must know what is essential to command and to leadership and to strength.And that's where the President's failure to master, in my opinion, the essential elements of arms control has cost us dearly. He's 3 years into this administration. He said he just discovered that most Soviet missiles are on land, and that's why his proposal didn't work.I invite the American people tomorrow-because I will issue the statement quoting President Reaganhe said exactly what I said he said. He said that these missiles were less dangerous than ballistic missiles because you could fire them, and you could recall them if you decided there'd been a miscalculation.
 I'm sorry, sir
 A President must know those things.
 A related question, Mr. Mondale, on Eastern Europe. Do you accept the conventional diplomatic wisdom that Eastern Europe is a Soviet sphere of influence? And if you do, what could a Mondale administration realistically do to help the people of Eastern Europe achieve the human rights that were guaranteed to them as a result of the Helsinki accords?
 I think the essential strategy of the United States ought not accept any Soviet control over Eastern Europe. We ought to deal with each of these countries separately. We ought to pursue strategies with each of them, economic and the rest, that help them pull away from their dependence upon the Soviet Union.Where the Soviet Union has acted irresponsibly, as they have in many of those countries, especially, recently, in Poland, I believe we ought to insist that Western credits extended to the Soviet Union bear the market rate. Make the Soviets pay for their irresponsibility. That is a very important objectiveto make certain that we continue to look forward to progress toward greater independence by these nations and work with each of them separately.
 Mr. President, your rebuttal.
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal.
 Mr. President, I accept your commitment to peace, but I want you to accept my commitment to a strong national defense.  I propose a budgetI have proposed a budget which would increase our nation's strength, in real terms, by double that of the Soviet Union.I'll tell you where we disagree. It is true over 10 years ago I voted to delay production of the F-14, and I'll tell you why. The plane wasn't flying the way it was supposed to be; it was a waste of money.Your definition of national strength is to throw money at the Defense Department. My definition of national strength is to make certain that a dollar spent buys us a dollar's worth of defense. There's a big difference between the two of us. A President must manage that budget. I will keep us strong, but you'll not do that unless you command that budget and make certain we get the strength that we need. You pay $500 for a $5 hammer, you're not buying strength.
 I would ask the audience not to applaud. All it does is take up time that we would like to devote to the debate.Mr. Kondracke, your question toMODERATOR
 Mr. Mondale, in an address earlier this year you said that before this country resorts to military force, and I'm quoting, "American interests should be sharply defined, publicly supported, congressionally sanctioned, militarily feasible, internationally defensible, open to independent scrutiny, and alert to regional history." Now, aren't you setting up such a gauntlet of tests here that adversaries could easily suspect that as President you would never use force to protect American interests?
 No. As a matter of fact, I believe every one of those standards is essential to the exercise of power by this country. And we can see that in both Lebanon and in Central America.In Lebanon, this President exercised American power, all right, but the management of it was such that our marines were killed, we had to leave in humiliation, the Soviet Union became stronger, terrorists became emboldened. And it was because they did not think through how power should be exercised, did not have the American public with them on a plan that worked, that we ended up the way we did.Similarly, in Central America What we're doing in Nicaragua with this covert war-which the Congress, including many Republicans, have tried to stopis finally end up with a public definition of American power that hurts us, where we get associated with political assassins and the rest. We have to decline, for the first time in modern history, jurisdiction in the World Court because they'll find us guilty of illegal actions. And our enemies are strengthened from all of this.We need to be strong, we need to be prepared to use that strength, but we must understand that we are a democracy. We are a government by the people, and when we move, it should be for very severe and extreme reasons that serve our national interests and end up with a stronger country behind us. It is only in that way that we can persevere.
 You've been quoted as saying that you might quarantine Nicaragua. I'd like to know what that means. Would you stop Soviet ships, as President Kennedy did in 1962? And wouldn't that be more dangerous than President Reagan's covert war?
 What I'm referring to there is the mutual self-defense provisions that exist in the Inter-American treaty, the so-called Rio Pact, that permits the nations, our friends in that region, to combine to take stepsdiplomatic and otherwiseto prevent Nicaragua, when she acts irresponsibly in asserting power in other parts outside of her border, to take those steps, whatever they might be, to stop it.The Nicaraguans must know that it is the policy of our government that that leadership must stay behind the boundaries of their nation, not interfere in other nations. And by working with all of the nations in the regionunlike the policies of this administration and unlike the President said, they have not supported negotiations in that regionwe will be much stronger, because we'll have the moral authority that goes with those efforts.
 President Reagan, you introduced U.S. forces into Lebanon as neutral peacekeepers, but then you made them combatants on the side of the Lebanese Government. Eventually you were forced to withdraw them under fire, and now Syria, a Soviet ally, is dominant in the country. Doesn't Lebanon represent a major failure on the part of your administration and raise serious questions about your capacity as a foreign policy strategist and as Commander in Chief?.
 Mr. President, 4 years ago you criticized President Carter for ignoring ample warnings that our diplomats in Iran might be taken hostage. Haven't you done exactly the same thing in Lebanon, not once, but three times, with 300 Americans, not hostages, but dead? And you vowed swift retaliation against terrorists, but doesn't our lack of response suggest that you're just bluffing?
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal?
 Groucho Marx said, "Who do you believe?me, or your own eyes?" And what we have in Lebanon is something that the American people have seen. The Joint Chiefs urged the President not to put our troops in that barracks because they were indefensible. They went to him 5 days before they were killed and said, "Please, take them out of there." The Secretary of State admitted that this morning. He did not do so. The report following the explosion of the barracks disclosed that we had not taken any of the steps that we should have taken. That was the second time.Then the Embassy was blown up a few weeks ago, and once again none of the steps that should have been taken were taken. And we were warned 5 days before that explosives were on their way, and they weren't taken. The terrorists have won each time. The President told the terrorists he was going to retaliate. He didn't. They called their bluff. And the bottom line is that the United States left in humiliation, and our enemies are stronger.
 Mr. President, your rebuttal?
 Mr. Trewhitt, your question to President Reagan?The President's Age
 Mr. President, I want to raise an issue that I think has been lurking out there for 2 or 3 weeks and cast it specifically in national security terms. You already are the oldest President in history. And some of your staff say you were tired after your most recent encounter withMODERATOR I recall yet that President Kennedy had to go for days on end with very little sleep during the Cuban missile crisis. Is there any doubt in your mind that you would be able to function in such circumstances?
 Mr. President, I'd like to head for the fence and try to catch that one before it goes over, but I'll go on to another question.You and Mr. Mondale have already disagreed about what you had to say about recalling submarine-launched missiles. There's another, a similar issue out there that relates to yourit is said, at least, that you were unaware that the Soviet retaliatory power was based on land-based missiles. First, is that correct? Secondly, if it is correct, have you informed yourself in the meantime? And third, is it even necessary for the President to be so intimately involved in strategic details?
 Mr. Mondale, I'm going to hang in there. Should the President's age and stamina be an issue in the political campaign?
 No. And I have not made it an issue, nor should it be. What's at issue here is the President's application of his authority to understand what a President must know to lead this nation, secure our defense, and make the decisions and the judgments that are necessary.A minute ago the President quoted Cicero, I believe. I want to quote somebody a little closer to home, Harry Truman. He said, "The buck stops here." We just heard the President's answer for the problems at the barracks in Lebanon, where 241 marines were killed. What happened? First, the Joint Chiefs of Staff went to the President, said, "Don't put those troops there." They did it. And then 5 days before the troops were killed, they went back to the President, through the Secretary of Defense, and said, "Please, Mr. President, take those troops out of there because we can't defend them." They didn't do it. And we know what happened.After that, once again, our Embassy was exploded. This is the fourth time this has happenedan identical attack, in the same region, despite warningseven public warningsfrom the terrorists. Who's in charge? Who's handling this matter? That's my main point.Now, on arms control, we're completing 4 years. This is the first administration since the bomb went off that made no progress. We have an arms race underway instead.A President has to lead his government or it won't be done. Different people with different views fight with each other. For 3 1/2 years, this administration avoided arms control, resisted tabling arms control proposals that had any hope of agreeing, rebuked their negotiator in 1981 when he came close to an agreement, at least in principle, on medium-range weapons. And we have this arms race underway. And a recent book that just came out by perhaps the Nation's most respected author in this field, Strobe Talbott, called "Deadly Gambits," concludes that this President has failed to master the essential details needed to command and lead us, both in terms of security and terms of arms control. That's why they call the President the Commander in Chief.Good intentions, I grant. But it takes more than that. You must be tough and smart.The President's Leadership
 This question of leadership keeps arising in different forms in this discussion already. And the President, Mr. Mondale, has called you whining and vacillating, among the more charitable phrases-weak, I believe. It is a question of leadership. And he has made the point that you have not repudiated some of the semidiplomatic activity of the Reverend Jackson, particularly in Central America. Did you approve of his diplomatic activity? And are you prepared to repudiate him now?
 I read his statement the other day. I don't admire Fidel Castro at all. And I've said that Che Guevara was a contemptible figure in civilization's history. I know the Cuban state as a police state, and all my life I've worked in a way that demonstrates that. But Jesse Jackson is an independent person. I don't control him.And let's talk about people we do control. In the last debate,1 the Vice President of the United States said that I said the marines had died shamefully and died in shame in Lebanon. I demanded an apology from Vice President Bush because I had, instead, honored these young men, grieved for their families, and think they were wonderful Americans that honored us all. What does the President have to say about taking responsibility for a Vice President who won't apologize for something like that?1 Mr. Mondale was referring to an earlier debate between George Bush and Geraldine Ferarro, the Vice-Presidential candidates.
 Mr. President, your rebuttal?
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal?
 There are two distinguished authors on arms control in this country-there are many others, but two that I want to cite tonight. One is Strobe Talbott in his classic book, "Deadly Gambits." The other is John Neuhaus, who's one of the most distinguished arms control specialists in our country. Both said that this administration turned down the "walk in the woods" agreement first, and that would have been a perfect agreement from the standpoint of the United States in Europe and our security.When Mr. Nitze, a good negotiator, returned, he was rebuked, and his boss was fired. This is the kind of leadership that we've had in this administration on the most deadly issue of our times. Now we have a runaway arms race. All they've got to show for 4 years in U.S.-Soviet relations is one meeting in the last weeks of an administration, and nothing before.They're tough negotiators, but all previous Presidents have made progress. This one has not.MODERATORMODERATOR, your question toMODERATORIllegal Immigration
 Mr. Mondale, many analysts are now saying that actually our number one foreign policy problem today is one that remains almost totally unrecognized massive illegal immigration from economically collapsing countries. They are saying that it is the only real territorial threat to the American nation-state. You, yourself, said in the 1970's that we had a "hemorrhage on our borders." Yet today you have backed off any immigration reform, such as the balanced and highly crafted Simpson-Mazzoli bill. Why? What would you do instead today, if anything?
 This is a very serious problem in our country, and it has to be dealt with. I object to that part of the Simpson-Mazzoli bill which I think is very unfair and would prove to be so. That is the part that requires employers to determine the citizenship of an employee before they're hired. I'm convinced that the result of this would be that people who are Hispanic, people who have different languages or speak with an accent, would find it difficult to be employed. I think that's wrong. We've never had citizenship tests in our country before, and I don't think we should have a citizenship card today. That is counterproductive.I do support the other aspects of the Simpson-Mazzoli bill that strengthen enforcement at the border, strengthen other ways of dealing with undocumented workers in this difficult area and dealing with the problem of settling people who have lived here for many, many years and do not have an established status.I have further strongly recommended that this administration do something it has not done, and that is to strengthen enforcement at the border, strengthen the officials in this government that deal with undocumented workers, and to do so in a way that's responsible and within the Constitution of the United States. We need an answer to this problem, but it must be an American answer that is consistent with justice and due process.Everyone in this room, practically, here tonight, is an immigrant. We came here loving this nation, serving it, and it has served all of our most bountiful dreams. And one of those dreams is justice. And we need a measureand I will support a measure-that brings about those objectives but avoids that one aspect that I think is very serious.The second part is to maintain and improve relations with our friends to the south. We cannot solve this problem all on our own. And that's why the failure of this administration to deal in an effective and a good-faith way with Mexico, with Costa Rica, with the other nations in trying to find a peaceful settlement to the dispute in Central America has undermined our capacity to effectively deal diplomatically in this area as well.
 Sir, people as well-balanced and just as Father Theodore Hesburgh at Notre Dame, who headed the select commission on immigration, have pointed out repeatedly that there will be no immigration reform without employer sanctions, because it would be an unbalanced bill, and there would be simply no way to enforce it. However, putting that aside for the moment, your critics have also said repeatedly that you have not gone along with the bill or with any immigration reform because of the Hispanic groupsor Hispanic leadership groupswho actually do not represent what the Hispanic-Americans want, because polls show that they overwhelmingly want some kind of immigration reform. Can you say, or how can you justify your position on this? And how do you respond to the criticism that this is another, or that this is an example of your flip-flopping and giving in to special interest groups at the expense of the American nation?
 I think you're right that the polls show that the majority of Hispanics want that bill, so I'm not doing it for political reasons. I'm doing it because all my life I've fought for a system of justice in this country, a system in which every American has a chance to achieve the fullness in life without discrimination. This bill imposes upon employers the responsibility of determining whether somebody who applies for a job is an American or not. And just inevitably, they're going to be reluctant to hire Hispanics or people with a different accent.If I were dealing with politics here, the polls show the American people want this. I am for reform in this area, for tough enforcement at the border, and for many other aspects of the Simpson-Mazzoli bill, but all my life I've fought for a fair nation. And despite the politics of it, I stand where I stand, and I think I'm right, and before this fight is over we're going to come up with a better bill, a more effective bill that does not undermine the liberties of our people.
 Mr. President, you, too, have said that our borders are out of control. Yet this fall you allowed the Simpson-Mazzoli billwhich would at least have minimally protected our borders and the rights of citizenshipbecause of a relatively unimportant issue of reimbursement to the States for legalized aliens. Given that, may I ask what priority can we expect you to give this forgotten national security element? How sincere are you in your efforts to control, in effect, the nation-state that is the United States?
 Mr. President, the experts also say that the situation today is terribly different quantitativelyqualitatively different from what it has been in the past because of the gigantic population growth. For instance, Mexico's population will go from about 60 million today to 120 million at the turn of the century. Many of these people will be coming into the United States not as citizens, but as illegal workers. You have repeatedly said recently that you believe that Armageddon, the destruction of the world, may be imminent in our times. Do you ever feel that we are in for an Armageddon or a situation, a time of anarchy, regarding the population explosion in the world?
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal?
 One of the biggest problems today is that the countries to our south are so desperately poor that these people who will almost lose their lives if they don't come north, come north despite all the risks. And if we're going to find a permanent, fundamental answer to this, it goes to American economic and trade policies that permit these nations to have a chance to get on their own two feet and to get prosperity, so that they can have jobs for themselves and their people. And that's why this enormous national debt, engineered by this administration, is harming these countries in fueling this immigration. These high interest ratesreal rates that have doubled under this administrationhave had the same effect on Mexico and so on, and the cost of repaying those debts is so enormous that it results in massive unemployment, hardship, and heartache. And that drives our friends to the south up into our region, and we need to end those deficits as well.
 Mr. President, your rebuttal.
 No applause, please.Mr. Kalb, your question to President Reagan.Armageddon
 Mr. President, I'd like to pick up this Armageddon theme. You've been quoted as saying that you do believe, deep down, that we are heading for some kind of biblical Armageddon. Your Pentagon and your Secretary of Defense have plans for the United States to fight and prevail in a nuclear war. Do you feel that we are now heading perhaps, for some kind of nuclear Armageddon? And do you feel that this country and the world could survive that kind of calamity?
 Mr. President, when you made that proposal, the so-called Star Wars proposal, you said, if I'm not mistaken, that you would share this very super-sophisticated technology with the Soviet Union. After all of the distrust over the years, sir, that you have expressed towards the Soviet Union, do you really expect anyone to take seriously that offer that you would share the best of America's technology in this weapons area with our principal adversary?
 Mr. Mondale, you've been very sharply critical of the President's Strategic Defense Initiative. And yet, what is wrong with a major effort by this country to try to use its best technology to knock out as many incoming nuclear warheads as possible?
 First of all, let me sharply disagree with the President on sharing the most advanced, the most dangerous, the most important technology in America with the Soviet Union. We have had 'for many years, understandably, a system of restraints on high technology because the Soviets are behind us. And any research or development along the Star Wars schemes would inevitably involve our most advanced computers, our most advanced engineering. And the thought that we would share this with the Soviet Union is, in my opinion, a total non-starter. I would not let the Soviet Union get their hands on it at all.Now, what's wrong with Star Wars? There's nothing wrong with the theory of it. If we could develop a principle that would say both sides could fire all their missiles and no one would get hurt, I suppose it's a good idea. But the fact of it is we're so far away from research that even comes close to that, that the Director of Engineering Research at the Defense Department said to get there we would have to solve eight problems, each of which are more difficult than the atomic bomb and the Manhattan project. It would cost something like a trillion dollars to test and deploy weapons.The second thing is this all assumes that the Soviets wouldn't respond in kind. And they always do. We don't get behind. They won't get behind. And that's been the tragic story of the arms race. We have more at stake in space satellites than they do. If we could stop, right now, the testing and the deployment of these space weapons-and-the President's proposals go clear beyond research; if it was just research we wouldn't have any argument, because maybe someday, somebody will think of somethingbut to commit this nation to a buildup of antisatellite and space weapons at this time, in their crude state, would bring about an arms race that's very dangerous indeed.One final point. The most dangerous aspect of this proposal is, for the first time, we would delegate to computers the decision as to whether to start a war. That's dead wrong. There wouldn't be time for a President to decide; it would be decided by these remote computers. It might be an oil fire, it might be a jet exhaust, the computer might decide it's a missileand off we go.Why don't we stop this madness now and draw a line and keep the heavens free from war?Nuclear Freeze
 Mr. Mondale, in this general area, sir, of arms control, President Carter's national security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski, said, "A nuclear freeze is a hoax." Yet the basis of your arms proposals, as I understand them, is a mutual and verifiable freeze on existing weapons systems. In your view, which specific weapons systems could be subject to a mutual and verifiable freeze, and which could not?
 Every system that is verifiable should be placed on the table for negotiations for an agreement. I would not agree to any negotiations or any agreement that involved conduct on the part of the Soviet Union that we couldn't verify every day. I would not agree to any agreement in which the United States security interest was not fully recognized and supported. That's why we say mutual and verifiable freezes.Now, why do I support the freeze? Because this ever-rising arms race madness makes both nations less secure. It's more difficult to defend this nation. It's putting a hair-trigger on nuclear war. This administration, by going into the Star Wars system, is going to add a dangerous new escalation. We have to be tough on the Soviet Union, but I think the American people
 Your time is up,MODERATOR
 and the people of the Soviet Union want it to stop.
 President Reagan, your rebuttal?
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal.
 Well, that's what a President's supposed to knowwhere those weapons are going to be. If they're space weapons, I assume they'll be in space. [Laughter] If they're antisatellite weapons, I assume they're going to be aimed against satellites.Now, this is the most dangerous technology that we possess. The Soviets try to spy on us, steal this stuff. And to give them technology of this kind, I disagree with. You haven't just accepted research, Mr. President. You've set up a Strategic Defense Initiative, an agency, you're beginning to test, you're talking about deploying, you're asking for a budget of some $30 billion for this purpose. This is an arms escalation. And we will be better off, far better off, if we stop right now, because we have more to lose in space then they do. If someday, somebody comes along with an answer, that's something else. But that there would be an answer in our lifetime is unimaginable.Why do we start things that we know the Soviets will match and make us all less secure? That's what a President's for.
 Mr. Kondracke, your question toMODERATOR
 Mr. Mondale, you say that with respect to the Soviet Union you want to negotiate a mutual nuclear freeze, yet you would unilaterally give up the MX missile and the B-1 bomber before the talks have even begun. And you have announced, in advance, that reaching an agreement with the Soviets is the most important thing in the world to you. Now, aren't you giving away half the store before you even sit down to talk?
 No. As a matter of fact, we have a vast range of technology and weaponry right now that provides all the bargaining chips that we need. And I support the air launch cruise missile, the ground launch cruise missile, the Pershing missile, the Trident submarine, the D-5 submarine, Stealth technology, the Midgetmanwe have a whole range of technology. Why I disagree with the MX is that it's a sitting duck. It'll draw an attack. It puts a hair-trigger, and it is a dangerous, destabilizing weapon. And the B-1 is similarly to be opposed, because for 15 years the Soviet Union has been preparing to meet the B-1. The Secretary' of Defense himself said it would be a suicide mission if it were built.Instead, I want to build the Midgetman, which is mobile and thus less vulnerable, contributing to stability, and a weapon that will give us security and contribute to an incentive for arms control. That's why I'm for Stealth technology, to build a Stealth bomberwhich I've supported for years-that can penetrate the Soviet air defense system without any hope that they can perceive where it is because their radar system is frustrated. In other words, a President has to make choices. This makes us stronger.The final point is that we can use this money that we save on these weapons to spend on things that we really need. Our conventional strength in Europe is under strength. We need to strengthen that in order to assure our Western allies of our presence there, a strong defense, but also to diminish and reduce the likelihood of a commencement of a war and the use of nuclear weapons. It's in this way, by making wise choices, that we're stronger, we enhance the chances of arms control. Every President until this one has been able to do it, and this nationor the world is more dangerous as a result.
 I want to follow up on Mr. Kalb's question. It seems to me on the question of verifiability, that you do have some problems with the extent of the freeze. It seems to me, for example, that testing would be very difficult to verify because the Soviets encode their telemetry. Research would be impossible to verify. Numbers of warheads would be impossible to verify by satellite, except for with on-site inspection, and production of any weapon would be impossible to verify. Now, in view of that, what is going to be frozen?
 I will not agree to any arms control agreement, including a freeze, that's not verifiable. Let's take your warhead principle. The warhead principle-there have been counting rules for years. Whenever a weapon is tested we count the number of warheads on it, and whenever that warhead is used we count that number of warheads, whether they have that number or less on it, or not. These are standard rules. I will not agree to any production restrictionsor agreements, unless we have the ability to verify those agreements. I don't trust the Russians. I believe that every agreement we reach must be verifiable, and I will not agree to anything that we cannot tell every day. In other words, we've got to be tough. But in order to stop this arms madness, we've got to push ahead with tough negotiations that are verifiable so that we know the Soviets are agreeing and living up to their agreement.Support for U.S. Allies
 Mr. President, I want to ask you a question about negotiating with friends. You severely criticized President Carter for helping to undermine two friendly dictators who got into trouble with their own peoplethe Shah of Iran and President Somoza of Nicaragua. Now there are other such leaders heading for trouble, including President Pinochet of Chile and President Marcos of the Philippines. What should you do, and what can you do to prevent the Philippines from becoming another Nicaragua?
 Mr. President, since the United States has two strategically important bases in the Philippines, would the overthrow of President Marcos constitute a threat to vital American interests and, if so, what would you do about it?
 And what would you do about it?
 Sorry. I'm sorry, you've asked the followup question.Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal?
 Perhaps in no area do we disagree more than this administration's policies on human rights.I went to the Philippines as Vice President, pressed for human rights, called for the release of Aquino, and made progress that had been stalled on both the Subic and the Clark airfield bases. What explains this administration cozying up to the Argentine dictators after they took over? Fortunately, a democracy took over, but this nation was embarrassed by this current administration's adoption of their policies.What happens in South Africa, where, for example, the Nobel Prize winner, 2 days ago, said this administration is seen as working with the oppressive government of South Africa. That hurts this nation. We need to stand for human rights. We need to make it clear we're for human liberty. National security and human rights must go together. But this administration time and time again has lost its way in this field.
 President Reagan, your rebuttal.
 In this segment, because of the pressure of time, there will be no rebuttals, and there will be no followup questions. Mr. Trewhitt, your question to President Reagan.
 One question to each candidate?
 One question to each candidate.Nuclear Weapons
 Mr. President, could I take you back to something you said earlier, and if I'm misquoting you, please correct me. But I understood you to say that if the development of space military technology was successful, you might give the Soviets a demonstration and say, "Here it is," which sounds to me as if you might be trying to gain the sort of advantage that would enable you to dictate terms, and which I will then suggest to you might mean scrapping a generation of nuclear strategy called mutual deterrence in which we, in effect, hold each other hostage. Is that your intention?The President, Well, I can't say that I have roundtabled that and sat down with the Chiefs of Staff, but I have said that it seems to me that this could be a logical step in what is my ultimate goal, my ultimate dream, and that is the elimination of nuclear weapons in the world. And it seems to me that this could be an adjunct, or certainly a great assisting agent in getting that done. I am not going to roll over, as Mr. Mondale suggests, and give them something that could turn around and be used against us. But I think it's a very interesting proposal, to see if we can find, first of all, something that renders those weapons obsolete, incapable of their mission.But Mr. Mondale seems to approve MADMAD is mutual assured destruction-meaning, if you use nuclear weapons on us, the only thing we have to keep you from doing it is that we'll kill as many people of yours as you'll kill of ours.I think that to do everything we can to find, as I say, something that would destroy weapons and not humans is a great step forward in human rights.
 Mr. Mondale, could I ask you to address the question of nuclear strategy then? The formal doctrine is very arcane, but I'm going to ask you to deal with it anyway. Do you believe in MAD, mutual assured destruction, mutual deterrence as it has been practiced for the last generation?
 I believe in a sensible arms control approach that brings down these weapons to manageable levels. I would like to see their elimination. And in the meantime, we have to be strong enough to make certain that the Soviet Union never tempts US.Now, here we have to decide between generalized objectives and reality. The President says he wants to eliminate or reduce the number of nuclear weapons. But, in fact, these last 4 years have seen more weapons built, a wider and more vigorous arms race than in human history. He says he wants a system that will make nuclear wars safe, so nobody's going to get hurt. Well, maybe someday, somebody can dream of that.But why start an arms race now? Why destabilize our relationship? Why threaten our space satellites upon which we depend? Why pursue a strategy that would delegate to computers the question of starting a war?A President, to defend this country and to get arms control, must master what's going on. I accept his objective and his dream; we all do. But the hard reality is that we must know what we're doing and pursue those objectives that are possible in our time. He's opposed every effort of every President to do so, and in the 4 years of his administration he's failed to do so. And if you want a tough President who uses that strength to get arms control and draws the line in the heavens, vote for Walter Mondale.
 Please, I must again ask the audience not to applaud, not to cheer, not to demonstrate its feelings in any way.We've arrived at the point in the debate now where we call for closing statements. You have the full 4 minutes, each of you. Mr. Mondale, will you go first?Closing Statements
 I want to thank the League of Women Voters, the good citizens of Kansas City, and President Reagan for agreeing to debate this evening.This evening we talked about national strength. I believe we need to be strong, and I will keep us strong. But I think strength must also require wisdom and smarts in its exercise. That's key to the strength of our nation.A President must know the essential facts essential to command. But a President must also have a vision of where this nation should go. Tonight, as Americans, you have a choice. And you're entitled to know where we would take this country if you decide to elect us.As President, I would press for long-term, vigorous economic growth. That's why I want to get these debts down and these interest rates down, restore America's exports, help rural America, which is suffering so much, and bring the jobs back here for our children.I want this next generation to be the best educated in American history, to invest in the human mind and science again, so we're out front. I want this nation to protect its air, its water, its land, and its public health. America is not temporary; we're forever. And as Americans, our generation should protect this wonderful land for our children.I want a nation of fairness, where no one is denied the fullness of life or discriminated against, and we deal compassionately with those in our midst who are in trouble.And, above all, I want a nation that's strong. Since we debated 2 weeks ago, the United States and the Soviet Union have built a hundred more warheads, enough to kill millions of Americans and millions of Soviet citizens. This doesn't strengthen us. This weakens the chances of civilization to survive.I remember the night before I became Vice President. I was given the briefing and told that any time, night or day, I might be called upon to make the most fateful decision on Earthwhether to fire these atomic weapons that could destroy the human species. That lesson tells us two things One, pick a President that you know will know if that tragic moment ever comes what he must know, because there'll be no time for staffing committees or advisers. A President must know right then. But above all, pick a President who will fight to avoid the day when that God-awful decision ever needs to be made.And that's why this election is so terribly important. America and Americans decide not just what's happening in this country. We are the strongest and most powerful free society on Earth. When you make that judgment, you are deciding not only the future of our nation; in a very profound respect, you're deciding the future of the world.We need to move on. It's time for America to find new leadership. Please, join me in this cause to move confidently and with a sense of assurance and command to build the blessed future of our nation.
 President Reagan, your summation, please.
 Mr. President, I'm obliged to cut you off there under the rules of the debate. I'm sorry.
 Perhaps I should point out that the rules under which I did that were agreed upon by the two campaigns
  with the league, as you know, sir.
 Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you,MODERATOR Our thanks also to the panel, finally, to our audience. We thank you, and the League of Women Voters asks me to say to you, don't forget to vote on November 6th.Ms. Ridings. Good evening from the Kentucky Center for the Arts in Louisville, Kentucky. I'm Dorothy Ridings, president of the League of Women Voters, the sponsor of tonight's first Presidential debate between Republican Ronald Reagan and Democrat Walter Mondale.Tonight's debate marks the third consecutive Presidential election in which the League is presenting the candidates for the Nation's highest office in face-to-face debate.Our panelists are James Wieghart, national political correspondent for Scripps-Howard News Service; Diane Sawyer, correspondent for the CBS program "60 Minutes;" and Fred Barnes, national political correspondent for the Baltimore Sun. Barbara Walters of ABC News, who is appearing in her fourth Presidential debate, is our moderator.Barbara.
 Thank you, Dorothy.A few words as we begin tonight's debate about the format. The position of the candidates-that is, who answers questions first and who gives the last statement--was determined by a toss of a coin between the two candidates. Mr. Mondale won, and that means that he chose to give the final closing statement. It means, too, that the President will answer the first question first. I hope that's clear. If it isn't, it will become clear as the debate goes on.Since there will also be a second debate between the two Presidential candidates, tonight will focus primarily on the economy and other domestic issues. The debate, itself, is built around questions from the panel. In each of its segments, a reporter will ask the candidates the same general question. Then--and this is important-each candidate will have the chance to rebut what the other has said. And the final segment of the debate will be the closing segment, and the candidates will each have 4 minutes for their closing statements. And as I have said, Mr. Mondale will be the last person on the program to speak.And now I would like to add a personal note if I may. As Dorothy Ridings pointed out, I have been involved now in four Presidential debates, either as a moderator or as a panelist. In the past, there was no problem in selecting panelists. Tonight, however, there were to have been four panelists participating in this debate.The candidates were given a list of almost 100 qualified journalists from all the media and could agree on only these three fine journalists. As moderator, and on behalf of my fellow journalists, I very much regret, as does the League of Women Voters, that this situation has occurred.And now let us begin the debate with the first question from James Wieghart.
 One of the key tests of leadership is whether one sees clearly the nature of the problems confronted by our nation. And perhaps the dominant domestic issue of our times is what do we do about these enormous deficits.I respect the President; I respect the Presidency, and I think he knows that. But the fact of it is, every estimate by this administration about the size of the deficit has been off by billions and billions of dollars. As a matter of fact, over 4 years, they've missed the mark by nearly $600 billion. We were told we would have a balanced budget in 1983. It was $200 billion deficit instead. And now we have a major question facing the American people as to whether we'll deal with this deficit and get it down for the sake of a healthy recovery.Virtually every economic analysis that I've heard of, including the distinguished Congressional Budget Office, which is respected by, I think, almost everyone, says that even with historically high levels of economic growth, we will suffer a $263 billion deficit. In other words, it doesn't converge as the President suggests. It gets larger even with growth.What that means is that we will continue to have devastating problems with foreign trade. This is the worst trade year in American history by far. Our rural and farm friends will have continued devastation. Real interest rates--the real cost of interest-will remain very, very high, and many economists are predicting that we're moving into a period of very slow growth because the economy is tapering off and may be a recession. I get it down to a level below 2 percent of gross national product with a policy that's fair. I've stood up and told the American people that I think it's a real problem, that it can destroy long-term economic growth, and I've told you what I think should be done.I think this is a test of leadership, and I think the American people know the difference.
 Absolutely, and I proposed over a hundred billion dollars in cuts in Federal spending over 4 years, but I am not going to cut it out of Social Security and Medicare and student assistance and things--  --that people need. These people depend upon all of us for the little security that they have, and I'm not going to do it that way.The rate of defense spending increase can be slowed. Certainly we can find a coffeepot that costs something less than $7,000. And there are other ways of squeezing this budget without constantly picking on our senior citizens and the most vulnerable in American life. And that's why the Congress, including the Republicans, have not gone along with the President's recommendations.
 I would like to ask the audience please to refrain from applauding either side; it just takes away from the time for your candidates.And now it is time for the rebuttal. Mr. President, 1 minute for rebuttal.
 Mr. Mondale?
 Well, that's exactly the commitment that was made to the American people in 1980 He would never reduce benefits. And of course, what happened right after the election is they proposed to cut Social Security benefits by 25 percent-reducing the adjustment for inflation, cutting out minimum benefits for the poorest on Social Security, removing educational benefits for dependents whose widows were trying--with widows trying to get them through college. Everybody remembers that; people know what happened.There's a difference. I have fought for Social Security and Medicare and for things to help people who are vulnerable all my life, and I will do it as President of the United States.
 Thank you very much. We'll now begin with segment number two with my colleague, Diane Sawyer.Ms. Sawyer?
 Mr. President, Mr. Mondale, the public opinion polls do suggest that the American people are most concerned about the personal leadership characteristics of the two candidates, and each of you has questioned the other's leadership ability. Mr. President, you have said that Mr. Mondale's leadership would take the country down the path of defeatism and despair, and Vice President Bush has called him whining and hoping for bad news. And, Mr. Mondale, you have said that President Reagan offers showmanship, not leadership, that he has not mastered what he must know to command his government.I'd like to ask each of you to substantiate your claims--Mr. Mondale first. Give us specifics to support your claim that President Reagan is a showman, not a leader; has not mastered what he must know to be President after 4 years, and then, second, tell us what personal leadership characteristics you have that he does not.
 Well, first of all, I think the first answer this evening suggests exactly what I'm saying. There is no question that we face this massive deficit, and almost everybody agrees unless we get it down, the chances for long-term, healthy growth are nil. And it's also unfair to dump these tremendous bills on our children.The President says it will disappear overnight because of some reason. No one else believes that's the case. I do, and I'm standing up to the issue with an answer that's fair. I think that's what leadership is all about. There's a difference between being a quarterback and a cheerleader, and when there's a real problem, a President must confront it.What I was referring to, of course, in the comment that you referred to was the situation in Lebanon. Now, for three occasions, one after another, our Embassies were assaulted in the same way by a truck with demolitions. The first time--and I did not criticize the President, because these things can happen--once, and sometimes twice-the second time the barracks in Lebanon were assaulted, as we all remember. There was two or three commission reports, recommendations by the CIA, the State Department, and the others, and the third time there was even a warning from the terrorists themselves.Now, I believe that a President must command that White House and those who work for him. It's the toughest job on Earth, and you must master the facts and insist that things that must be done are done. I believe that the way in which I will approach the Presidency is what's needed, because all my life that has been the way in which I have sought to lead. And that's why in this campaign I'm telling you exactly what I want to do. I am answering your questions. I am trying to provide leadership now, before the election, so that the American people can participate in that decision.
 You have said, Mr. Mondale, that the polls have given you lower ratings on leadership than President Reagan because your message has failed to get through. Given that you have been in public office for so many years, what accounts for the failure of your message to get through?Mr, Mondale. Well, I think we're getting better all the time. And I think tonight, as we contrast for the first time our differing approach to government, to values, to the leadership in this country, I think as this debate goes forward, the American people will have for the first time a chance to weigh the two of us against each other. And I think, as a part of that process, what I am trying to say will come across, and that is that we must lead, we must command, we must direct, and a President must see it like it is. He must stand for the values of decency that the American people stand for, and he must use the power of the White House to try to control these nuclear weapons and lead this world toward a safer world.
 Mr. President, the issue is leadership in personal terms. First, do you think, as Vice President Bush said, that Mr. Mondale's campaign is one of whining and hoping for bad news? And second, what leadership characteristics do you possess that Mr. Mondale does not?
 As a followup, let me draw in another specific, if I could--a specific that the Democrats have claimed about your campaign--that it is essentially based on imagery. And one specific that they allege is that, for instance, recently you showed up at the opening ceremony of a Buffalo old-age housing project, when in fact, your policy was to cut Federal housing subsidies for the elderly. Yet you were there to have your picture taken with them.
 Mr. Mondale, an opportunity for you to rebut.
 Well, I guess I'm reminded a little bit of what Will Rogers once said about Hoover. He said, "It's not what he doesn't know that bothers me; it's what he knows for sure that just ain't so." [Laughter] The fact of it is The President's budget sought to cut Social Security by 25 percent. It's not an opinion; it's a fact. And when the President was asked the other day, "What do you want to cut in the budget?", he said, "Cut those things I asked for but didn't get." That's Social Security and Medicare.The second fact is that the housing unit for senior citizens that the President dedicated in Buffalo was only made possible through a Federal assistance program for senior citizens that the President's budget sought to terminate. So, if he'd had his way, there wouldn't have been any housing project there at all. This administration has taken a meat cleaver out, in terms of Federal-assisted housing, and the record is there. We have to see the facts before we can draw conclusions.
 Mr. President?
 Mr. President, we begin segment number three with Fred Barnes.
 May I ask you, please--  --may I ask the audience please to refrain from applause.Fred, your second question.
 First of all, I accept President Reagan's affirmation of faith. I'm sure that we all accept and admire his commitment to his faith, and we are strengthened, all of us, by that fact.I am a son of a Methodist minister. My wife is the daughter of a Presbyterian minister. And I don't know if I've been born again, but I know I was born into a Christian family. And I believe I have sung at more weddings and more funerals than anybody ever to seek the Presidency. Whether that helps or not, I don't know.I have a deep religious faith. Our family does. It is fundamental. It's probably the reason that I'm in politics. I think our faith tells us, instructs us, about the moral life that we should lead. And I think we're all together on that.What bothers me is this growing tendency to try to use one's own personal interpretation of faith politically, to question others' faith, and to try to use the instrumentalities of government to impose those views on others. All history tells us that that's a mistake.When the Republican platform says that from here on out, we're going to have a religious test for judges before they're selected for the Federal court, and then Jerry Falwell announces that that means they get at least two Justices of the Supreme Court, I think that's an abuse of faith in our country.This nation is the most religious nation on Earth--more people go to church and synagogues than any other nation on Earth-and it's because we kept the politicians and the state out of the personal exercise of our faith. That's why faith in the United States is pure and unpolluted by the intervention of politicians. And I think if we want to continue--as I do--to have a religious nation, lets keep that line and never cross it.
 Thank you. Mr. Barnes, next question. We have time for rebuttal now.
 Yes, I asked you if you did. I'm sorry.--
 --I thought you waived it.
 Thank you. Now, Mr. President, rebuttal.
 Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal, please.
 The platform to which the President refers, in fact, calls for a religious test in the selection of judges. And Jerry Falwell says that means we get two or three judges. And it would involve a religious test for the first time in American life.Let's take the example that the President cites. I believe in prayer. My family prays. We've never had any difficulty finding time to pray. But do we want a constitutional amendment adopted of the kind proposed by the President that gets the local politicians into the business of selecting prayers that our children must either recite in school or be embarrassed and asked to excuse themselves? Who would write the prayer? What would it say? How would it be resolved when those disputes occur?It seems to me that a moment's reflection tells you why the United States Senate turned that amendment down, because it will undermine the practice of honest faith in our country by politicizing it. We don't want that.
 Thank you,MODERATOR Our time is up for this round.We go into the second round of our questioning, begin again with Jim Wieghart.Jim?Political Issues
 My answer is that this campaign isn't over yet. And when people vote, I think you're going to see a very strong verdict by the American people that they favor the approach that I'm talking about.The American people want arms control. They don't want this arms race. And they don't want this deadly new effort to bring weapons into the heavens. And they want an American foreign policy that leads toward a safer world.The American people see this debt, and they know it's got to come down. And if it won't come down, the economy's going to slow down, maybe go into a recession. They see this tremendous influx and swamping of cheap foreign imports in this country that has cost over 3 million jobs, given farmers the worst year in American history. And they know this debt must come down as well, because it's unfair to our children.The American people want this environment protected. They know that these toxic waste dumps should have been cleaned up a long time ago, and they know that people's lives and health are being risked, because we've had an administration that has been totally insensitive to the law and the demand for the protection of the environment.The American people want their children educated. They want to get our edge back in science, and they want a policy headed by the President that helps close this gap that's widening between the United States and Europe and Japan.The American people want to keep opening doors. They want those civil rights laws enforced. They want the equal rights amendment ratified. They want equal pay for comparable effort for women. And they want it because they've understood from the beginning that when we open doors, we're all stronger, just as we were at the Olympics.I think as you make the case, the American people will increasingly come to our cause.
 Well, tonight we had the first debate over the deficit. The President says it'll disappear automatically. I've said it's going to take some work. I think the American people will draw their own conclusions.Secondly, I've said that I will not support the cuts in Social Security and Medicare and the rest that the President has proposed. The President answers that it didn't happen or, if it did, it was resolved later in a commission. As the record develops, I think it's going to become increasingly clear that what I am saying and where I want to take this country is exactly where the country wants to go, and the comparison of approaches is such that I think will lead to further strength.
 Well, you'll have a chance when your rebuttal time comes up, perhaps,Mr. President. Mr. Mondale, now it's your turn for rebuttal.
 The President says that when the Democratic Party made its turn, he left it. The year that he decided we had lost our way was the year that John F. Kennedy was running against Richard Nixon. I was chairman of "Minnesotans for Kennedy;" President Reagan was chairman of a thing called "Democrats for Nixon." Now, maybe we made a wrong turn with Kennedy, but I'll be proud of supporting him all of my life. And I'm very happy that John Kennedy was elected, because John Kennedy looked at the future with courage, saw what needed to be done, and understood his own government.The President just said that his government is shrinking. It's not. It's now the largest peacetime government ever in terms of the take from the total economy. And instead of retreating.--instead of being strong where we should be strong, he wants to make it strong and intervene in the most private and personal questions in American life. That's where government should not be.
 Mr. President?
 Thank you, Mr. President. We'll now turn to Diane Sawyer for her round of questions.Diane?Abortion
 I'd like to turn to an area that I think few people enjoy discussing, but that we probably should tonight because the positions of the two candidates are so clearly different and lead to very different policy consequences--and that is abortion and right to life. I'm exploring for your personal views of abortion and specifically how you would want them applied as public policy.First, Mr. President. Do you consider abortion murder or a sin? And second, how hard would you work--what kind of priority would you give in your second term legislation to make abortion illegal? And specifically, would you make certain, as your party platform urges, that Federal justices that you appoint be pro-life?
 A two-part followup. Do I take it from what you've said about the platform, then, that you don't regard the language and don't regard in your own appointments, abortion position a test of any kind for justices--that it should be? And also, if abortion is made illegal, how would you want it enforced? Who would be the policing units that would investigate? And would you want the women who have abortions to be prosecuted?
 Mr. Mondale, to turn to you, do you consider abortion a murder or a sin? And bridging from what President Reagan said, he has written that if society doesn't know whether life does--human life, in fact, does begin at conception, as long as there is a doubt, that the unborn child should at least be given the benefit of the doubt and that there should be protection for that unborn child.
 This is one of the most emotional and difficult issues that could possibly be debated. I think your questions, however, underscore the fact there is probably no way that government should or could answer this question in every individual case and in the private lives of the American people.The constitutional amendment proposed by President Reagan would make it a crime for a woman to have an abortion if she had been raped or suffered from incest. Is it really the view of the American people, however you feel on the question of abortion, that government ought to be reaching into your living rooms and making choices like this? I think it cannot work, won't work, and will lead to all kinds of cynical evasions of the law. Those who can afford to have them will continue to have them. The disadvantaged will go out in the back alley as they used to do.I think these questions are inherently personal and moral, and every individual instance is different. Every American should be aware of the seriousness of the step. But there are some things that government can do and some things they cannot do.Now, the example that the President cites has nothing to do with abortion. Somebody went to a woman and nearly killed her. That's always been a serious crime and always should be a serious crime. But how does that compare with the problem of a woman who is raped? Do we really want those decisions made by judges who've been picked because they will agree to find the person guilty? I don't think so, and I think it's going in exactly the wrong direction.In America, on basic moral questions we have always let the people decide in their own personal lives. We haven't felt so insecure that we've reached for the club of state to have our point of view. It's been a good instinct. And we're the most religious people on Earth.One final point President Reagan, as Governor of California, signed a bill which is perhaps the most liberal pro-abortion bill of any State in the Union.
 But if I can get you back for a moment on my point, which was the question of when human life begins--a two-part followup. First of all, at what point do you believe that human life begins in the growth of a fetus? And second of all, you said that government shouldn't be involved in the decisions. Yet there are those who would say that government is involved, and the consequence of the involvement was 1.5 million abortions in 1980. And how do you feel about that?
 The basic decision of the Supreme Court is that each person has to make this judgment in her own life, and that's the way it's been done. And it's a personal and private, moral judgment. I don't know the answer to when life begins. And it's not that simple, either. You've got another life involved. And if it's rape, how do you draw moral judgments on that? If it's incest, how do you draw moral judgments on that? Does every woman in America have to present herself before some judge picked by Jerry Falwell to clear her personal judgment? It won't work.
 I'm sorry to do this, but I really must talk to the audience.You're all invited guests. I know I'm wasting time in talking to you, but it really is very unfair of you to applaud--sometimes louder, less loud--and I ask you, as people who were invited here, and polite people, to refrain.We have our time now for rebuttal. Mr. President.
 I agree with that, and that's why I was a principal sponsor of a liberal adoption law, so that more of these children could come to term, so that the young mothers were educated, so we found an option, an alternative. I'm all for that. But the question is whether this other option proposed by the President should be pursued. And I don't agree with it.Since I've got about 20 seconds, let me just say one thing. The question of agriculture came up a minute ago. Net farm income is off 50 percent in the last 3 years, and every farmer knows it. And the effect of these economic policies is like a massive grain embargo, which has caused farm exports to drop 20 percent. It's been a big failure. I opposed the grain embargo in my administration. I'm opposed to these policies as well.
 I'm sitting here like the great schoolteacher, letting you both get away with things--because one did it, the other one did it. May I ask in the future that the rebuttal stick to what the rebuttal is. And also, foreign policy will be the next debate. Stop dragging it in by its ear into this one. [Laughter]Now, having admonished you, I would like to say to the panel, you are allowed one question and one followup. Would you try, as best you could, not to ask two and three--I know it's something we all want to do--two and three questions as part one and two and three as part two.Having said that, Fred, it's yours.Federal Taxation
 In my opinion, as we deal with this deficit, people from about $70,000 a year on down have to be dealt with very, very carefully, because they are the ones who didn't get any relief the first time around.Under the 1981 tax bill, people making $200,000 a year got $60,000 in tax relief over 3 years, while people making $30,000 a year, all taxes considered, got no relief at all or their taxes actually went up. That's why my proposal protects everybody from $25,000 a year or less against any tax increases, and treats those $70,000 and under in a way that is more beneficial than the way the President proposes with a sales tax or a fiat tax.What does this mean in real life? Well, the other day, Vice President Bush disclosed his tax returns to the American people. He's one of the wealthiest Americans, and he's our Vice President. In 1981 I think he paid about 40 percent in taxes. In 1983, as a result of these tax preferences, he paid a little over 12 percent, 12.8 percent in taxes. That meant that he paid a lower percent in taxes than the janitor who cleaned up his office or the chauffeur who drives him to work.I believe we need some fairness. And that's why I've proposed what I think is a fair and a responsible proposal that helps protect these people who've already got no relief or actually got a tax increase.
 The first thing is, everybody 25,000 and under would have no tax increase.Mr. Reagan, after the election, is going to have to propose a tax increase, and you will have to compare what he proposes. And his Secretary of the Treasury said he's studying a sales tax or a value-added tax. They're the same thing. They hit middle- and moderate-income Americans and leave wealthy Americans largely untouched.Up until about $70,000, as you go up the ladder, my proposals will be far more beneficial. As soon as we get the economy on a sound ground as well, I'd like to see the total repeal of indexing. I don't think we can do that for a few years. But at some point, we want to do that as well.
 Mr. Mondale, here we go again. It's time for rebuttal.
 Well, first of all, I gave him the benefit of the doubt on the house deal. I'm just talking about the 12.8 percent that he paid, and that's what's happening all over this country with wealthy Americans. They've got so many loopholes they don't have to pay much in taxes.Now, Mr. President, you said, "There you go again," right?
 You remember the last time you said that?
 You said it when President Carter said that you were going to cut Medicare, and you said, "Oh, no, there you go again, Mr. President." And what did you do right after the election? You went out and tried to cut $20 billion out of Medicare. And so, when you say, "There you go again"--people remember this, you know. [Laughter] And people will remember that you signed the biggest tax increase in the history of California and the biggest tax increase in the history of the United States, and what are you going to do? You've got a $260 billion deficit. You can't wish it away. You won't slow defense spending; you refuse to do that--
 Mr. Mondale, I'm afraid your time is up.
 Sorry.
 Mr. President?
 All right. Fine.
 We can't keep going back for other rebuttals; there'll be time later.We now go to our final round. The way things stand now, we have time for only two sets of questions, and by lot, it will be Jim and Diane. And we'll start with Jim Wieghart.Social Welfare Programs
 Number one, we've got to get the debt down to get the interest rates down so the economy will grow and people will be employed.Number two, we have to work with cities and others to help generate economic growth in those communities--through the Urban Development Action Grant Program. I don't mind those enterprise zones; let's try them, but not as a substitute for the others. Certainly education and training is crucial. If these young Americans don't have the skills that make them attractive to employees, they're not going to get jobs.The next thing is to try to get more entrepreneurship in business within the reach of minorities so that these businesses are located in the communities in which they're found. The other thing is, we need the business community as well as government heavily involved in these communities to try to get economic growth.There is no question that the poor are worse off. I think the President genuinely believes that they're better off. But the figures show that about 8 million more people are below the poverty line than 4 years ago. How you can cut school lunches, how you can cut student assistance, how you can cut housing, how you can cut disability benefits, how you can do all of these things and then the people receiving them for example, the disabled, who have no alternative--how they're going to do better, I don't know. Now, we need a tight budget, but there's no question that this administration has singled out things that affect the most vulnerable in American life, and they're hurting.One final point if I might. There's another part of the lopsided economy that we're in today, and that is that these heavy deficits have killed exports and are swamping the Nation with cheap imports. We are now $120 billion of imports, 3 million jobs lost, and farmers are having their worst year. That's another reason to get the deficit down.
 I think the American people want to make certain that that dollar is wisely spent. I think they stand for civil rights. I know they're all for education in science and training, which I strongly support. They want these young people to have a chance to get jobs and the rest. I think the business community wants to get involved. I think they're asking for new and creative ways to try to reach it with everyone involved. I think that's part of it. I think also that the American people want a balanced program that gives us long-term growth so that they're not having to take money that's desperate to themselves and their families and give it to someone else. I'm opposed to that, too.
 And now it is time for our rebuttal for this period. Mr. President?
 Thank you, Mr. President.

 Mr. President, if I heard you correctly, you said that these deficits don't have anything to do with interest rates. I will grant you that interest rates were too high in 1980, and we can have another debate as to why--energy prices and so on. There's no way of glossing around that. But when these huge deficits went in place in 1981, what's called the real interest rates--the spread between inflation and what a loan costs you doubled--and that's still the case today. And the result is interest costs that have never been seen before in terms of real charges, and it's attributable to the deficit.Everybody--every economist, every businessman-believes that. Your own Council of Economic Advisers--Mr. Feldstein in his report told you that. Every chairman of the Finance and Ways and Means Committee, Republican leaders in the Senate and the House are telling you that. That deficit is ruining the long-term hopes for this economy. It's causing high interest rates. It's ruining us in trade. It's given us the highest small business failure in 50 years. The economy is starting downhill with housing failure.-
 Thank you,MODERATORYou're both very obedient. I have to give you credit for that.We now start our final round of questions. We do want to have time for your rebuttal.We start with Diane--Diane Sawyer.Presidential Campaign
 Since we are reaching the end of the question period, and since in every Presidential campaign, the candidates tend to complain that the opposition candidate is not held accountable for what he or she says, let me give you the chance to do that.Mr. Mondale, beginning with you. What do you think the most outrageous thing is your opponent said in this debate tonight? [Laughter]
 Do you want to give me some suggestions? [Laughter] I'm going to use my time a little differently. I'm going to give the President some credit. I think the President has done some things to raise the sense of spirit, morale, good feeling in this country, and he's entitled to credit for that. What I think we need, however, is not just that but to move forward, not just congratulating ourselves but challenging ourselves to get on with the business of dealing with America's problems.I think in education, when he lectured the country about the importance of discipline, I didn't like it at first, but I think it helped a little bit. But now we need both that kind of discipline and the resources and the consistent leadership that allows this country to catch up in education and science and training.I like President Reagan. And this is not personal--there are deep differences about our future, and that's the basis of my campaign.
 Follow up in a similar vein, then. What remaining question would you most like to see your opponent forced to answer?
 Without any doubt, I have stood up and told the American people that that $263 billion deficit must come down. And I've done what no candidate for President has ever done, I told you before the election what I'd do.Mr. Reagan, as you saw tonight--President Reagan takes the position it will disappear by magic. It was once called voodoo economics. I wish the President would say Yes, the CBO is right. Yes, we have a $263 billion deficit. This is how I'm going to get it done. Don't talk about growth, because even though we need growth, that's not helping. It's going to go in the other direction, as they've estimated.And give us a plan. What will you cut? Whose taxes will you raise? Will you finally touch that defense budget? Are you going to go after Social Security and Medicare and student assistance and the handicapped again as you did last time? If you'd just tell us what you're going to do, then the American people could compare my plan for the future with your plan. And that's the way it should be. The American people would be in charge.
 Mr. President, the most outrageous thing your opponent has said in the debate tonight?
 You have more time.
 You can keep going.
 And to keep it even, what remaining question would you most like to see your opponent forced to answer?
 Well, we have time now, if you'd like to answer the President's question, or whatever rebuttal.
 Well, we've just finished almost the whole debate. And the American people don't have the slightest clue about what President Reagan will do about these deficits. [Laughter] And yet, that's the most important single issue of our time.I did support the '76 measure that he told about, because we were in a deep recession and we needed some stimulation. But I will say as a Democrat, I was a real piker, Mr. President. In 1979 we ran a $29 billion deficit all year. This administration seems to run that every morning. And the result is exactly what we see. This economy is starting to run downhill. Housing is off. Last report on new purchases, it's the lowest since 1982. Growth is a little over 3 percent now. Many people are predicting a recession. And the flow of imports into this country is swamping the American people.We've got to deal with this problem, and those of us who want to be your President should tell you now what we're going to do, so you can make a judgment.
 Thank you very much. We must stop now. I want to give you time for your closing statements. It's indeed time for that from each of you. We will begin with President Reagan.Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Reagan, you had your rebuttal, and I just cut you off because our time is going. You have a chance now for rebuttal before your closing statement. Is that correct?
 Do you want to go with your--
 Technically, you did. I have little voices that come in my ear. [Laughter] You don't get those same voices. I'm not hearing it from here--I'm hearing it from here.
 You have waived your rebuttal. You can go with your closing statement.Closing Statements
 Okay.
 Thank you, Mr. Reagan.Mr. Mondale, the closing words are now yours.
 I want to thank the League of Women Voters and the city of Louisville for hosting this evening's debate. I want to thank President Reagan for agreeing to debate. He didn't have to, and he did, and we all appreciate it.The President's favorite question is Are you better off?. Well, if you're wealthy, you're better off. If you're middle income, you're about where you were. And if you're modest income, you're worse off. That's what the economists tell us.But is that really the question that should be asked? Isn't the real question is will we be better off?. Will our children be better off?. Are we building the future that this nation needs? I believe that if we ask those questions that bear on our future, not just congratulate ourselves but challenge us to solve those problems, you'll see that we need new leadership.Are we better of with this arms race? Will we be better off if we start this star wars escalation into the heavens? Are we better off when we de-emphasize our values in human rights? Are we better off when we load our children with this fantastic debt? Would fathers and mothers feel proud of themselves if they loaded their children with debts like this nation is now--over a trillion dollars on the shoulders of our children? Can we say, really say that we will be better off when we pull away from sort of that basic American instinct of decency and fairness?I would rather lose a campaign about decency than win a campaign about self-interest. I don't think this nation is composed of people who care only for themselves. And when we sought to assault Social Security and Medicare, as the record shows we did, I think that was mean-spirited. When we terminated 400,000 desperate, hopeless, defenseless Americans who were on disability-confused and unable to defend themselves, and just laid them out on the street, as we did for 4 years, I don't think that's what America is all about.America is a fair society, and it is not right that Vice President Bush pays less in taxes than the janitor who helps him. I believe there's fundamental fairness crying out that needs to be achieved in our tax system.I believe that we will be better off if we protect this environment. And contrary to what the President says, I think their record on the environment is inexcusable and often shameful. These laws are not being enforced, have not been enforced, and the public health and the air and the water are paying the price. That's not fair for our future.I think our future requires a President to lead us in an all-out search to advance our education, our learning, and our science and training, because this world is more complex and we're being pressed harder all the time.I believe in opening doors. We won the Olympics, in part, because we've had civil rights laws and the laws that prohibit discrimination against women. I have been for those efforts all my life. The President's record is quite different.The question is our future. President Kennedy once said in response to similar arguments, "We are great, but we can be greater." We can be better if we face our future, rejoice in our strengths, face our problems, and by solving them, build a better society for our children.Thank you.
 On behalf of the Commission on Presidential Debates, I am pleased to welcome you to the second presidential debate. I am Bernard Shaw of CNN, Cable News Network. My colleagues on the panel are Ann Compton of ABC NEWS; Margaret Warner of Newsweek magazine; and Andrea Mitchell of NBC NEWS. The candidates are Vice President George Bush, the Republican nominee; and Governor Michael Dukakis, the Democratic nominee. (Applause)
 For the next 90 minutes we will be questioning the candidates following a format designed and agreed to by representatives of the two campaigns. However, there are no restrictions on the questions that my colleagues and I can ask this evening, and the candidates have no prior knowledge of our questions. By agreement between the candidates, the first question goes to Gov. Dukakis. You have two minutes to respond. Governor, if Kitty Dukakis were raped and murdered, would you favor an irrevocable death penalty for the killer?
 Mr. Vice President, your one-minute rebuttal.
 Now to you, ViceLOSERR I quote to you this from Article III of the 20th amendment to the Constitution. Quote "If at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the President the President-elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become president," meaning, if you are elected and die before inauguration day
 automatically automatically, Dan Quayle would become the 41st President of the United States. What have you to say about that possibility?
 Gov. Dukakis, your one-minute rebuttal.
 Ann Compton for the Vice President.COMPTON Thank you, Bernie. Mr. Vice President, yes, we read your lips no new taxes. But despite that same pledge from President Reagan, after income tax rates were cut, in each of the last five years, some Federal taxes have gone up, on Social Security, cigarettes, liquor, even long distance telephone calls. Now that's money straight out of people's wallets. Isn't the phrase, no new taxes, misleading the voters?
 Gov. Dukakis, your one-minute response.
 Governor
 And to Governor Dukakis.COMPTON Governor, let me follow up on that by asking you you've said it many times that you have balanced ten budgets in a row in Massachusetts. Are you promising the American people here tonight that within a four-year presidential term, you will balance the federal budget?
 Mr. Vice President, your response.
 I'm going to say this and I'm going to say it once to every person in this auditorium what these candidates are about is of utmost seriousness to the American voters; they should be heard and you should be quiet. If you are not quiet, I am going to implore the candidates to do something about quieting their own partisans. But we cannot get through this program with these outbursts. Margaret Warner for Governor Dukakis.WARNER Good evening, Governor, Mr. Vice President. Governor, you won the first debate on intellect, and yet you lost it on heart.
 One minute from the Vice President.
 Margaret Warner for the Vice President.WARNER I'd like to follow up on that Mr. Vice President. The tenor of the campaign you've been running, in terms of both the issues and your rhetoric has surprised even some of your friends. Senator Mark Hatfield who's known your family a long time and who knew your father, the late Senator Prescott Bush, said, and I quote, "If his father were alive today, I'm sure his father would see it as a shocking transformation." Is Senator Hatfield right?
 One minute from Governor Dukakis.
 Andrea Mitchell, for the Vice President.MITCHELL Mr. Vice President, Governor. Mr. Vice President, let me return for a moment to the issue of the budget, because so much has already been put off limits in your campaign that most people do not believe that the flexible freeze alone will solve the problem of the deficit. So, let's turn to defense for a moment. Pentagon officials tell us that there is not enough money in the budget to handle military readiness, preparedness, as well as new weapons systems that have been proposed, as well as those already in the pipeline. You were asked in the first debate what new weapons systems you would cut. You mentioned three that had already been canceled. Can you tonight share with us three new weapons systems that you could?
 Governor Dukakis, one minute.
 Governor, Andrea has a question for you.MITCHELL Governor, continuing on that subject, then, you say we have to do something about conventional forces. You have supported the submarine launch missile, the D-5 you just referred to. Yet, from Jerry Ford to Jimmy Carter to Ronald Reagan, there has been a bipartisan consensus in favor of modernizing the land based missiles. Now, you have ruled out the MX and the Midgetman. More recently, some of your aides have hinted at some flexibility you might show about some other new form of missile. Can you tell us tonight why you have rejected the wisdom of people as diverse as Sam Nunn, Henry Kissinger, Al Gore, people in both parties and what type of land based missile would you consider?
 One minute for the Vice President.
 You can proceed, sir.
 Ann Compton for Gov. Dukakis.COMPTON Governor, today they may call them role models, but they used to be called heroes, the kind of public figure who could inspire a whole generation, someone who was larger than life. My question is not, who your heroes were. My question instead is, who are the heroes who are there in American life today? Who are the ones who you would point out to young Americans as figures who should inspire this country?
 One minute for ViceLOSERR
 Mr. Vice President
 Mr. Vice President, your time has expired.
 Ann has a question for you, Mr. Vice President.COMPTON Let's change the pace a little bit, Mr. Vice President. In this campaign some hard and very bitter things have been spoken by each side about each side. If you'd consider for a moment Gov. Dukakis and his years of public service, is there anything nice you can say about him, anything you find admirable?
 Governor, a one-minute response.
 Governor.
 Margaret Warner for the vice president.WARNER Vice President Bush, abortion remains with us as a very troubling issue, and I'd like to explore that for a minute with you. You have said that you regard abortion as murder, yet you would make exceptions in the case of rape and incest. My question is, why should a woman who discovers through amniocentesis that her baby will be born with Tay-Sachs disease, for instance, that the baby will live at most two years, and those two years in incredible pain, be forced to carry the fetus to term, and yet a woman who becomes pregnant through incest would be allowed to abort her fetus?
 One minute for Governor Dukakis.
 Governor, Margaret has a question for you.WARNER Governor, I'd like to return to the topic of the defense budget for a minute. You have said in this campaign that you would maintain a stable defense budget, yet you are on the board, on the advisory board
 One minute for the vice president.
 Mr. Vice President
 Andrea Mitchell for Governor Dukakis.MITCHELL Governor, you've said tonight that you set as a goal the steady reduction of the deficit. And you've talked about making tough choices, so perhaps I can get you to make one of those tough choices. No credible economist in either party accepts as realistic your plan to handle the deficit by tightening tax collection, investing in economic growth, bringing down interest rates, and cutting weapons systems
 Governor.
 One minute response, Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Vice President, Andrea has a question for you.MITCHELL Mr. Vice President, you have flatly ruled out any change in Social Security benefits, even for the wealthy. Now, can you stand here tonight and look at a whole generation of 18 to 34 year olds in the eye the very people who are going to have to be financing that retirement and tell them that they should be financing the retirement of people like yourself, like Governor Dukakis, or for that matter, people such as ourselves here on this panel?
 Governor, you have one minute, sir.
 Ann Compton for the Vice President.COMPTON Mr. Vice President, there are three Justices on the Supreme Court who are in their 80's and it's very likely that the next President will get a chance to put a lasting mark on the Supreme Court. For the record, would your nominees to the Supreme Court have to pass something that has been called a kind of conservative ideological litmus test and would you give us an idea of perhaps who two or three people on your short list are for the Court.
 Ann Compton has a question for you, Governor Dukakis.COMPTON Governor, millions of Americans are entitled to some of the protections and benefits that the Federal Government provides, including Social Security, pensions, Medicare for the elderly, Medicaid for the poor. But in fact, there are so many millions of Americans who are eligible the government just can't continue to pay for all of those programs as they're currently constituted. A blue ribbon panel shortly after the election is likely to recommend that you go where the money is when you make budget cuts, and that means entitlements. Before the election would you commit yourself to any of those hard choices, such as which one of those entitlements have to be redrawn?
 Governor
 One minute for the Vice President.
 Margaret Warner for Gov. Dukakis.WARNER Governor, I'm going to pass on the question I originally planned to ask you, to follow up on your rebuttal to a question Andrea asked, and that involves Social Security. Now it is true, as you said, that originally you sought an exemption for Social Security COLAs in this national governors' association vote. But when you lost that vote, you then endorsed the overall freeze proposal. And what's more, you had great criticism of your fellow governors who wouldn't go along as political cowards.
 Governor
 One minute for the Vice President.
 Mr. Vice President.
 Margaret Warner has a question for you, Mr. Vice President.WARNER Mr. Vice President, I'd like to cover a subject that wasn't covered in the first debate. You have said in this campaign, I am an environmentalist, and described yourself as having zero tolerance for polluters. And yet your record does seem to suggest otherwise. When you were head of the President's task force on regulatory relief, you did urge EPA to relax regulations involving the elimination of lead from gasoline. I believe you urged suspension of rules requiring industries to treat toxic waste before discharging them in sewers. And your group also urged OSHA to weaken the regulations requiring that workers be informed of dangerous chemicals at the work site. Finally, I believe you did support the President's veto of the Clean Water Act. My question is, aren't you--how do you square your campaign rhetoric with this record?
 Gov. Dukakis, you have one minute to respond.
 Governor.
 Governor Dukakis, you have one minute to respond, sir.
 Andrea Mitchell has a question for you, Governor Dukakis.MITCHELL We are talking about issues, so let's return to something you said earlier about the modernization of land-based missiles. You said that you didn't rule it out that there are limits to what we can spend, and then you went on to talk about a much more expensive part of our defense strategy, namely, conventional forces. Do you somehow see conventional forces as a substitute for our strategic forces, and in not talking about the land-based missiles and not committing to modernizing, do you somehow believe that we can have a survivable nuclear force based on the air and sea legs of our triad?
 Mr. Vice President, you have one minute.
 Ann Compton for Governor Dukakis.COMPTON Governor, nuclear weapons need nuclear material replenished on a regular basis, and just this week yet another nuclear manufacturing plant was closed because of safety concerns. Some in the Pentagon fear that too much priority has been put on new weapons programs, not enough on current programs, and worry that the resulting shortage would be amounting to nothing less than unilateral nuclear disarmament. Is that a priority that you feel has been ignored by this administration, or are the Pentagon officials making too much of it?
 Mr. Vice President, you have one minute.
 Mr. Vice President.
 Ann Compton has a question for you.COMPTON Mr. Vice President, as many as 100 officials in this Administration have left the government under an ethical cloud. Some have been indicted, some convicted. Many of the cases have involved undue influence once they're outside of government. If you become president, will you lock that revolving door that has allowed some men and women in the government to come back and lobby the very departments they once managed?
 Governor, you have one minute to respond to it.
 To each of you candidates, regrettably, I have to inform you that we have come to the end of our questions. That's a pity. Before I ask the candidates to make their closing remarks, on behalf of the Commission on Presidential Debates, I would like to thank all of you for joining us this evening. Governor Dukakis, yours is the first closing statement, sir. GOU.
 Vice President Bush, your closing statement, sir.
 Good evening. On behalf of the Commission on Presidential Debates I am pleased to welcome you to this first presidential debate of the 1988 campaign. I'm Jim Lehrer of the McNeil-Lehrer News Hour. My colleagues on the panel are John Mashek of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution; Ann Groer of The Orlando Sentinel; and Peter Jennings of ABC News. For the next 90 minutes we will be questioning the candidates for president of the United States following a format designed and agreed to by representatives of the two candidates. The candidates are Vice President George Bush, the Republican nominee; Governor Michael Dukakis, the Democratic nominee.(Applause)
 Our questions this evening will be about equally divided between foreign and domestic policy matters. The first question by agreement between the two candidates goes to ViceLOSERR It is a domestic question. You have two minutes for an answer, sir. The polls say the number one domestic issue to a majority of voters is drugs. What is there about these times that drives or draws so many Americans to use drugs?
 Governor, you have one minute to respond.
 Governor, a follow-up question. You have two minutes to answer it. Are you suggesting, sir, that President Reagan is one of the causes of the drug problem in this country?
 A minute to rebut, Mr. Vice President.
 All right, the next question will be asked by John Mashek. It goes to Governor Dukakis, and you'll have two minutes to answer.
 Governor Dukakis, another troublesome issue for voters this year is the bulging federal deficit. In a Dukakis administration, you say taxes will be raised only as a last resort. Would you identify for us then please three specific programs that you are willing to cut to bring that deficit down?
 Your two minutes is up, Governor.
 You have a minute to rebut.
 Your time is up, too. A follow-up, John.
 Mr. Vice President, you have vowed not to raise taxes of any kind during your administration and at the same time you've proposed this capital gains cut, you've proposed more incentive breaks for the oil industry. You've suggested new spending programs and even some Republicans say the flexible freeze you just spoke about will hardly make a dent in the deficit. Is the deficit no longer really a concern of yours, the Republican Party or the taxpayers?
 Governor, you have a minute to rebut.
 All right, the next question will be asked by Anne Groer and it will go the Vice President. You have two minutes to answer, sir.GROER Mr. Vice President, you've said you want a kinder, gentler presidency, one that helps the less fortunate. Today, 37 million Americans including many working families with aging parents and young children cannot afford any health insurance, but earn too much to qualify for Medicaid. What will you do to provide protection for them and how will you pay for it?
 A rebuttal, Governor?
 Follow-up, Anne?GROER Yes. Since your Massachusetts health plan has been attacked by the Vice President and you have defended it in this way, I would like to move on to perhaps one of the most costly medical catastrophes facing Americans today and that is AIDS. In - at the end of September, the thousands of AIDS patients will lose their access to AZT, which is the only Federally approved drug for treatment of the disease. Now, I'd like to now, sir, if - what your position is on extending that and what it is you think the government ought to be doing about making AZT and other drugs available to people who are suffering from this disease.
 If I may interrupt at this point and caution the audience as I did before we went on the air, please hold it down. You're only taking time away from your candidate when you do that. Governor, continue, please.
 Mr. Vice President, a minute of rebuttal.
 Next question will be asked by Peter Jennings. It goes to the Governor.
 Good evening, Mr. Vice President, Governor. Governor, one theme that keeps coming up about the way you govern - you've both mentioned leadership tonight, so I'd like to stay with that for a second. The theme that keeps coming up about the way you govern is passionless, technocratic -
 Passionless, technocratic, the smartest clerk in the world. Your critics maintain that in the 1960's your public passion was not the war in Vietnam or civil rights, but no fault auto insurance. And they say in the 1970's you played virtually no role in the painful busing crisis in Boston. Given the fact that a president must sometimes lead by sheer inspiration and passion. We need to know if this is a fair portrait of your governing or if it is a stereotype. And if it isn't fair, give us an example of where you have had that passion and leadership that sometimes a president needs?
 Mr. Vice President, a rebuttal.
 Peter, a question? Question for the vice president, Peter.
 I'd actually like to follow up if I may on this mention you've made of his card carrying membership in the American Civil Liberties Union. You've used the phrase "card carrying" so many times since Governor Dukakis first acknowledged that he was a card carrying member of the ACLU that some people have come to believe that you've used it to brand him in some way, to identify him as people were identified in the 1950's as less than patriotic. I'd like to know why you keep repeating the phrase, and what's the important issue here? What is so wrong with the governor being a member of an organization which has come to the defense of, among other people, Colonel Oliver North?
 Governor, a response.
 The time is up, governor. Let's go now to John Mashek, again. A question for the vice president.
 Mr. Vice President, in a debate during the Republican primaries, you said most of the nation's homeless are suffering from mental illness, an assertion immediately challenged by one of your rivals. Estimates of the homeless range from a low of 250,000 by the government, to around three million, including working families and their children. What commitment are you willing to make tonight to this voiceless segment of our society?
 Governor, a response.
 John, a question for the governor.
 Governor, you've mentioned the American dream of home ownership, and it's certainly become an impossible one for many of the young people of our nation who are caught up in this economic squeeze of the middle class, as you've said so frequently during the campaign. And yet in spite of your answer just a few minutes ago, what promise can you realistically hold out to these people that with the costs of housing going up, and with limited help available from Washington, are we destined to become a nation of renters?
 A response, Mr. Vice President.
 All right, the next question is to the governor. Ann Groer will ask it.GROER Governor Dukakis, is there a conflict between your opposition to the death penalty and your support for abortion on demand, even though in the minds of many people, that's also killing?
 Response, Mr. Vice President.
 Question for the vice president, Ann?GROER Yes. Mr. Vice President, I'd like to stay with abortion for just a moment if I might. Over the years you have expressed several positions, while opposing nearly all forms of government payment for it. You now say that you support abortion only in cases of rape, incest, or threat to a mother's life, and you also support a constitutional amendment that if ratified would outlaw most abortions. But if abortions were to become illegal again, do you think that the women who defy the law and have them anyway, as they did before it was okayed by the Supreme Court, and the doctors who perform them should go to jail?
 Governor.
 Peter Jennings, a question for the vice president.
 Mr. Vice President, I'm struck by your discussion of women and the sanctity of life. And it leads me to recall your own phrase, that you are haunted by the lives which children in our inner cities live. Certainly the evidence is compelling. There's an explosion of single parent families. And by any measure, these single parent families, many with unwanted children, are the source of poverty, school drop outs, crime, which many people in the inner city simply feel is out of control. If it haunts you so, why over the eight years of the Reagan-Bush administration have so many programs designed to help the inner cities been eliminated or cut?
 Governor.
 A question for the governor, Peter.
 Governor, the crisis is no less a crisis for you if you are elected president. Where would you get the money to devote to the inner cities which is clearly needed. And can you be specific about the programs not only you'd reinstate, but the more imaginative ones that you'd begin.
 Mr. Vice President.
 All right, let's move now to some questions on foreign and national security policy. John Mashek will ask the first question of the governor.
 Governor, the vice president continually refers to your lack of experience, weakness, naivete on foreign policy and national security matters. He says you are prepared to eliminate weapons system that will result in the unilateral disarmament of this country. Is that true?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. Vice President
 Mr. Vice President, your time is up. John, a question for the vice president.
 Mr. Vice President, the governor has suggested that you've never met a weapons system that you didn't like or want. Are you prepared to tell the voters one system in this time of tight budgetary restraints and problems at the Pentagon that you'd be willing to cut or even eliminate that wouldn't endanger national security?
 Governor?
 Anne Groer, a question for the Vice President.GROER Well, Mr. Vice President, you said you've met with Secretary General Gorbachev, you've met with Mr. Shevardnadze, but for the last forty years Americans have been taught to regard the Soviet Union as the enemy. Yet, President Reagan has signed two arms control treaties and he's promised to share Star Wars technology with the very country he once called the evil empire. So, perhaps you can tell us this evening, should we be doing a lot to help the economics and the social development of a country that we have so long regarded as an adversary?
 Governor Dukakis.
 Anne Groer, a question for the Governor.GROER Yes. Governor Dukakis, speaking of seeming changes of position, you have gone from calling the Strategic Defense Initiative, or Star Wars, a fantasy and a fraud, to saying recently that you would continue SDI research and might even deploy the system if Congress supported such a move. Why the change of heart?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Peter Jennings, a question for Governor Dukakis.
 Well, Governor, and Vice President Bush, you've both talked tonight about hard choices. Let me try to give you one. Somewhere in the Middle East tonight, nine Americans are being held hostage. If you are commander-in-chief and Americans are held hostage, what will be more important to you, their individual fate, or the commitment that the United States Government must never negotiate with terrorists. And if any Americans are held hostage and you become president, to what lengths would you go to rescue them?
 Mr. Vice President?
 A question for the Vice President. Peter?
 It seems perhaps a good subject, Mr. Vice President, on which to make the point that you've campaigned vigorously as part of a leadership team. But so far you won't tell the American people in considerable measure what advice you gave the president, including the sale of arms to Iran and what should have been done about the hostages. To the best of my knowledge there's no Constitutional requirement which prevents you from doing so. Jimmy Carter urged his Vice President, Walter Mondale, to tell the American people. Would you now ask President Reagan for permission to tell the American people what advice you did give him? And if you don't, how do we judge your judgment in the Oval Office in the last eight years?
 Sorry, Mr. Vice President.
 I'm wrong. Go ahead. My apologies.
 You said nobody's perfect.
 Governor, you have a minute to respond.
 A question from John Mashek. It goes to the Vice President.
 Mr. Vice President, Democrats and even some Republicans are still expressing reservations about the qualifications and credentials of Senator Dan Quayle of Indiana, your chosen running mate, to be a heartbeat away from the presidency. What do you see in him that others do not?(Laughter)
 John will ask a question of the Governor. It will be the last question and then the Vice President will have a rebuttal.
 Well, Governor, you did select Lloyd Bentsen of Texas.
 And you have a lot of disagreement with him on fundamental issues, including the Reagan tax cuts, aid to the rebels in Nicaragua, the death penalty, gun control. Who's right?(Laughter)
 Mr. Vice President?
 Gentlemen, I was given some bad word a moment ago. There is time for one more question. Getting it in my ear and Ann Groer will ask it. Ann? To the Governor.GROER Governor Dukakis, as many U.S. farmers face or undergo foreclosure, the United States is considering the possibility of forgiving a certain percentage of debt owed by Latin American and Third World countries, do you favor giving these countries a break in their loans and, if so, how do you explain that to the American farmers who are losing their land and livelihood?
 Mr. Vice President?
 All right. That really is the end. Now, let's go to closing statements. They will be two minutes each in duration by agreement. Vice President Bush goes first. Governor Dukakis second. Mr. Vice President.
 Mr. President, a response.
 Well, you have roughly one minute. We can loosen that up a little bit. But go ahead.
 Mr. Perot, what do you think of the Governor's approach, what he just laid out?
 Governor, the word "pain," one of the other leadership things that's put on you is that you don't speak of pain, that you speak of all things -- nobody's going to really have to suffer under your plan. You've heard what Mr. Perot has said. He said to do the things you want to do, you can't do it by just taking the money from the rich. That's what the President says as well. How do you respond to that? The numbers don't add up.
 As a practical matter, Mr. President, do you agree with the Governor when he says that the middle class -- the taxes on the middle class -- do your numbers agree that the taxes on the middle class have gone up during the last -- --
 Mr. President, when you said just then that you admit your mistakes, and you looked at Governor Clinton and said -- what mistake is it that you want him to admit to?
 Governor, is that true?
 Mr. Perot, if you were sitting at home now and just heard this exchange about Arkansas, who would you believe?
 Why is that a mistake?
 What he did as Governor of Arkansas -- --
 Governor?
 Mr. President, let's move to some of the leadership concerns that have been voiced about you. They relate to something you said in your closing statement in Richmond the other night about the President being the manager of crises, and that relates to an earlier criticism that you began to focus on the economy, on health care, on racial divisions in this country only after they became crises. Is that a fair criticism?
 Well, it's just that -- you've spoken to it, I mean, but the idea -- not so much in specifics -- --
 -- -- but that it has to be a crisis before it gets your attention.
 Do you think that's true, Mr. Perot?
 You don't think this is an issue?
 Well, then, I'll phrase it differently then. He said the other night in his closing words in Richmond that one of the key things that he believes the American people should decide among the three of you, is who they want in charge if this country gets to a crisis. Now, that's what he said. And the rap on the President is that it's only crisis time that he focuses on some of these things. So my question to you -- we're going to talk about you in a minute.
 No, no, no. No, no. But my question to you is -- so, if you have nothing to say about it, fine. I'll go toWINNER But -- --
 All right.Governor, what do you think?
 Mr. President.
 We have to talk about Ross Perot now, or he'll get me, I'm sure.Mr. Perot, on this issue that I have raised at the very beginning and we've been talking about, which is leadership as President of the United States, the concerns -- my reading of it, at least -- my concerns about you, as expressed by folks in the polls and other places, it goes like this You've got a problem with General Motors. You took over $750 million, and you left. You had a problem in the spring and summer about some personal hits that you took as a potential candidate for President of the United States, and you walked out. Does that say anything relevant to how you would function as President of the United States?
 Governor, do you have a response to the staying the course question about Mr. Perot?
 Mr. President, do you have a response?
 Yes.
 Governor, what about that charge that you want it both ways on this issue?
 All right.
 Mr. Perot, based on your experience at General Motors, where do you come down on this? This has been thrown about, back and forth during this campaign from the very beginning about jobs and CAFE standards.
 Just for the record, though, Mr. Perot, I take it then for your answer you do not have a position on whether or not enforcing the CAFE standards will cost jobs in the auto industry.
 Okay.
 So that means no -- [laughter] -- in other words, you agree with President Bush, is that right?
 I wanted -- yes, sir.
 Governor, a quick answer on trade, and I want to go on to something else.
 Governor -- --
 Mr. Perot?
 No. Mr. Perot, you're doing fine. Go ahead. Whatever you want to say, say it.Foreign Lobbyists
 Wait a minute. I was going to ask -- I thought you wanted to respond to what we were talking about.
 Mr. President, how do you respond to that? Mr. Perot has made that charge several times, the fact that you have people working in your campaign who are paid foreign lobbyists.
 Governor, I'm sorry, but that concludes my time with -- --
 All right. Go ahead, quickly. Just very briefly.
 I'm going to be in real trouble if I don't bring out -- it's about time -- --
 Okay.
 All right. Now we're going to bring in three other journalists to ask questions. They are Susan Rook of CNN, Gene Gibbons of Reuters, and Helen Thomas of United Press International.You thought you'd never get in here, didn't you?
 Okay, we are going to continue on the subject of leadership, and the first question goes to Governor Clinton for a 2-minute answer. It will be asked by Helen Thomas. Helen?The Draft IssueHelen Thomas. Governor Clinton, your credibility has come into question because of your different responses on the Vietnam draft. If you had to do it over again, would you put on the Nation's uniform? And, if elected, could you, in good conscience, send someone to war?
 A reminder now, we're back on the St. Louis rules, which means that the Governor had his answer, and then each of you will have one minute to respond.Mr. President.
 Your minute is up, sir.Mr. Perot, one minute.
 All right. The next question goes to President Bush, and Gene Gibbons will ask it.1990 Budget AgreementGene Gibbons. Mr. President, you keep saying that you made a mistake in agreeing to a tax increase to get the 1990 budget deal with Congress. But if you hadn't gotten that deal you would have either had to get repeal of the Gramm-Rudman deficit control act or cut defense spending drastically at a time when the country was building up for the Gulf war and decimate domestic discretionary spending, including such things as air traffic control. If you had it to do all over again, sir, which of those alternatives would you choose?
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 I'll take responsibility for saying your time is up.
 All right.Governor Clinton, one minute, sir.
 All right, Mr. Perot, the question is for you. You have a 2-minute answer, and it will be asked by Susan Rook.LeadershipSusan Rook. Mr. Perot, you've talked about going to Washington to do what the people who run this country want you to do. But it is the President's duty to lead and often lead alone. How can you lead if you are forever seeking consensus before you act?
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 President Bush, one minute.
 All right, we're going to go on to another subject now, and the subject is priorities. And the first question goes to you, President Bush, and Susan will ask it.Women AdvisersMs. Rook. President Bush, gentlemen, I acknowledge that all of you have women and ethnic minorities working for you and working with you. But when we look at the circle of the key people closest to you, your inner circle of advisers, we see white men only. Why, and when will that change?
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 Mr. President, when you -- just make sure that everybody knows what's going on here. When you responded directly to Mr. Perot then -- --
 -- -- you violated the rule, your rules. Now, I'm willing -- --
 No, no, no. I just want to make sure that everybody understands. If you all want to change the rules, we can do it.
 All right. Okay.
 Okay. But Governor Clinton, you have a minute.Women Advisers
 All right. The next question goes to you, Mr. Perot, for 2 minutes. It's a 2-minute question, and Helen will ask it. Helen?InvestigationsMs. Thomas. Mr. Perot, what proof do you have that Saddam Hussein was told that he could have -- do you have any actual proof, or are you asking for the papers? And also, I really came in with another question. What is this penchant you have to investigate everyone? Are those accusations correct, investigating your staff, investigating the leaders of the grassroots movement, investigating associates of your family?
 Governor Clinton, you have one minute.
 Mr. President, you have a moment -- a minute, I'm sorry.
 The next question goes to Governor Clinton, and Gene Gibbons will ask it. Gene?Banking Situation
 Governor, an important aspect of leadership is, of course, anticipating problems. During the 1988 campaign, there was little or no mention of the savings and loan crisis that has cost the American people billions and billions of dollars. Now there are rumblings that a commercial bank crisis is on the horizon. Is there such a problem, sir? If so, how bad is it, and what will it cost to clean it up?
 President Bush, one minute.
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 All right,LOSER The next question, we're going into a new round here on a category just called "differences." And the question goes to you, Mr. Perot, and Gene will ask it. Gene?Government Reform
 Mr. Perot, aside from the deficit, what Government policy or policies do you really want to do something about? What really sticks in your craw about conditions in this country, beside the deficit, that you would want to fix as President?
 Governor Clinton, you have one minute. Governor.
 President Bush, one minute.
 Sir?
 Yes. Well, to respond to the subject that Mr. Perot mentioned.
 The next question goes toWINNER You have two minutes, Governor, and Susan will ask it.TaxesMs. Rook. Governor Clinton, you said that you will raise taxes on the rich, people with incomes of $200,000 a year or higher. A lot of people are saying that you will have to go lower than that, much lower. Will you make a pledge tonight below which -- an income level that you will not go below? I am looking for numbers, sir, not just a concept.
 President Bush, you have one minute.
 We've got a wash, according to my calculations. We have a wash. And we'll go to Mr. Perot for one minute. In other words, the violation of the rule; that's what I meant.
 That's right, you're clean. [Laughter]
 This is the last question, and it goes to President Bush for a 2-minute answer. And it will be asked by Helen.Presidential CampaignMs. Thomas. Mr. President, why have you dropped so dramatically in the leadership polls, from the high eighties to the forties? And you have said you will do anything you have to do to get reelected. What can you do in 2 weeks to win reelection?
 Mr. Perot, you have one minute.
 Mr. Perot, you have -- sorry. Excuse me, sir. Mr. Perot, you have one minute.
 No. Governor Clinton has a minute after you. Then we have the closing statements.
 Right.
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 All right. That was the final question and answer, and we now go to the closing statements. Each candidate will have up to 2 minutes. The order was determined by a drawing. Governor Clinton, you are first. Governor.Closing Statements
 President Bush, your closing statement, sir.
 Mr. Perot, your closing statement, sir.
 Thank you,LOSER Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Governor Clinton, for being with us tonight and the previous debates. Thank you to the panel.The only thing that is left to be said is, from Michigan State University in East Lansing, I'm Jim Lehrer. Thank you, and good night.Carole Simpson. Good evening, and welcome to the second of three Presidential debates between the major candidates for President of the United States. The candidates are the Republican nominee, President George Bush; the independent, Ross Perot; and Governor Bill Clinton, the Democratic nominee.My name is Carole Simpson, and I will be the moderator for tonight's 90-minute debate which is coming to you from the campus of the University of Richmond in Richmond, Virginia.Now, tonight's program is unlike any other Presidential debate in history. We're making history now, and it's pretty exciting. An independent polling firm has selected an audience of 209 uncommitted voters from this area. The candidates will be asked questions by these voters on a topic of their choosing, anything they want to ask about. My job as moderator is to, you know, take care of the questioning, ask questions myself if I think there needs to be continuity and balance, and sometimes I might ask the candidates to respond to what another candidate may have said.Now, the format has been agreed to by representatives of both the Republican and Democratic campaigns, and there is no subject matter that is restricted. Anything goes. We can ask anything. After the debate the candidates will have an opportunity to make a closing statement.So, President Bush, I think you said it earlier, let's get it on.
 And I think the first question is over here.Foreign Trade and Domestic Jobs
 Thank you,LOSER I see that the President has stood up, so he must have something to say about this.
 Thank you. I think we have a question over here.Federal Deficit
 Mr. President?
 How about you, Mr. Perot?
 You're all wonderful speakers, and I know you have lots more to add. But I have talked to this audience, and they have lots of questions on other topics. Can we move to another topic, please?We have one up here, I think.Presidential Campaign
 Who wants to take that one? Mr. Perot, you have an answer for everything, don't you? Go right ahead, sir. [Laughter]
 Okay, okay.
 Thank you,LOSER So that seems directed. He would say it's you gentlemen that have been doing that. Mr. Clinton, Governor Clinton, how do you -- President Bush, how would you like to respond?
 Mr. President, I am getting time cues, and with all due respect, I'm sorry.
 Yes, you do. [Laughter]
 May I -- I talked to this audience before you gentlemen came, and I asked them about how they felt about the tenor of the campaign. Would you like to let them know what you thought about that, when I said, "Are you pleased with how the campaign's been going?"Audience members. No!
 Who wants to say why you don't like the way the campaign is going? We have a gentleman back here?Focusing on Issues
 So your question is -- --
 How do you respond? How do you gentlemen respond to -- --
 President Bush?
 And you two?
 Yes, you may finish.
 Yes, very briefly.
 Okay.
 Thank you. We have a question here.Domestic Infrastructure
 The cities. Who is going to fix the cities, and how?
 Please.
 Mr. President, aren't you threatening to veto the bill, the urban aid bill, that included enterprise zones?
 Governor Clinton, you're chomping at the bit.
 Mr. Perot, what about your plans for the cities? You want to tackle the economy and the deficit first.
 Mr. Perot, everybody thought you won the first debate because you were plain-speaking, and you make it sound, oh, so simple. "We'll just do it." What makes you think that you're going to be able to get the Democrats and Republicans together any better than these guys?
 Are you answering my question? [Laughter]
 No, I want you to tell me how you're going to be able to get the Republicans and Democrats in Congress -- --
 -- -- to work together better than these two gentlemen.
 Okay. I have a question here.Gun Control and Crime
 Governor Clinton?
 Thank you.President Bush?
 Mr. Perot, there are young black males in America dying at unprecedented -- --
 Yes, I'm getting -- --
 -- -- to the fact that homicide is the leading cause of death among young black males, 15 to 24 years old. What are you going to do to get the guns off the street?
 Thank you. Thank you,LOSERWe have a question up here.Term Limits
 Thank you.Governor Clinton?
 Mr. Perot, would you like to address term limitations?
 Thank you very much.We have a question over here.Health Care Reform
 Thank you. Sorry to cut you short, but, President Bush, health care reform.
 Mr. Perot?
 Thank you.Governor Clinton, you wanted one brief point.
 Brief,WINNER Thank you.We have a question right here.Personal Impact of the Economy
 Well, Mr. Perot, yes, of course.
 Thank you,LOSERMr. President.
 She's saying you personally.
 Has it affected you personally?
 I think she means more the recession, the economic problems today the country faces rather than -- --
 Thank you,WINNER We are a little more than halfway through this program, and I'm glad that we're getting the diversity of questions that we are.And I don't want to forget these folks on the wings over here, so let's go over here. Do you have a question?Entitlement Programs
 President Bush, may we start with you?
 Thank you.Mr. Perot?
 Mr. Perot, can you wrap it up?
 But we've got to be fair.
 Mr. Perot, I'm sorry, I'm going to -- --
 And I don't want to sound-bite you, but we are trying to be fair to everyone.
 All right,WINNER
 Thank you. I think we have a question here on international affairs, hopefully.Foreign Affairs
 Mr. President?
 Thank you.
 Governor Clinton, the President mentioned Saddam Hussein. Your vice president and you have had some words about the President and Saddam Hussein. Would you care to comment?
 Okay, we have a question up there.Education
 Who would like to begin? The education President?
 Governor Clinton?
 Thank you,WINNER What the question is -- what is it going to cost?
 What is it going to cost?
 Mr. Perot, you on education, please.
 No, you don't. [Laughter]
 Thank you,LOSER
 Thank you. President Bush, you wanted to add something.
 Very briefly.
 We have very little time left, and it occurs to me that we have talked all this time and there has not been one question about some of the racial tensions and ethnic tensions in America. Is there anyone in this audience that would like to pose a question to the candidates on this? Yes?Women or Minority Presidential Candidates
 Governor Clinton, why don't you answer that first.
 Okay. I'm sorry we have just a little bit of time left. Let's try to get responses from each of them.President Bush or Mr. Perot?
 Mr. Perot?
 Thank you.
 Mr. Perot, I don't want to cut you up any more, but we only have a minute left.
 How about a woman?
 What about a woman?
 Many?
 When?
 Good.
 Thank you. I want to apologize to our audience because there were 209 people here, and there were 209 questions. We only got to a fraction of them, and I'm sorry to those of you that didn't get to ask your questions, but we must move to the conclusion of the program.It is time now for the 2-minute closing statements. By prior agreement, President Bush will go first.Closing Statements
 That's right.
 That's right. [Laughter]
 Thank you, Mr. President. And now a closing statement fromLOSER
 I'm sorry,LOSER Once again -- --
 And finally, last but not least,WINNER
 Thank you,WINNERLadies and gentlemen, this concludes the debate, sponsored by the Bipartisan Commission on Presidential Debates. I'd like to thank our audience of 209 uncommitted voters who may leave this evening maybe being committed. And hopefully, they'll go to the polls like everyone else on November 3d and vote.We invite you to join us on the third and final Presidential debate next Monday, October 19th, from the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.I'm Carole Simpson. Good night.
 Good evening, and welcome to the first of three debates among the major candidates for President of the United States, sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. The candidates are independent candidate Ross Perot; Governor Bill Clinton, the Democratic nominee; and President George Bush, the Republican nominee.I am Jim Lehrer of "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour" on PBS, and I will be the moderator for this 90-minute event, which is taking place before an audience here in the Athletic Complex on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.Three journalists will be asking questions tonight. They are John Mashek of the Boston Globe; Ann Compton of ABC News; and Sander Vanocur, a freelance journalist. We will follow a format agreed to by representatives of the Clinton and Bush campaigns. That agreement contains no restrictions on the content or subject matter of the questions.Each candidate will have up to 2 minutes for a closing statement. The order of those as well as the questioning was determined by a drawing. The first question goes toLOSER He will have 2 minutes to answer, to be followed by rebuttals of one minute each from Governor Clinton and thenLOSERDistinction Among CandidatesGentlemen, good evening. The first topic tonight is what separates each of you from the other. Mr. Perot, what do you believe tonight is the single most important separating issue of this campaign?
 Governor Clinton, one-minute response.
 President Bush, one-minute response, sir.
 Governor Clinton, how do you respond to the President -- you have 2 minutes -- on the question of experience? He says that is what distinguishes him from the other two of you.
 President Bush, one minute to respond.
 Mr. Perot, a minute response, sir.
 President Bush, the question goes to you. You have 2 minutes. And the question is this Are there important issues of character separating you from these other two men?
 Mr. Perot, you have one minute.
 Your time is up.
 Time is up.
 Governor Clinton, you have one minute.
 All right. We move now to the subject of taxes and spending. The question goes to Governor Clinton for a two-minute answer. It will be asked by Ann Compton.TaxesAnn Compton. Governor Clinton, can you lock in a level here tonight on where middle-income families can be guaranteed a tax cut or, at the very least, at what income level they can be guaranteed no tax increase?
 So there will be no tax increases below $200,000?
 President Bush, one minute, sir.
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 Okay. Next question goes to President Bush for a 2-minute answer, and it will be asked by Sandy Vanocur.U.S. Troops in EuropeSander Vanocur. Mr. President, this past week your Secretary of the Army, Michael Stone, said he had no plans to abide by a congressional mandate to cut U.S. forces in Europe from 150,000 to 100,000 by the end of September 1996. Now, why, almost 50 years after the end of World War II and with the total collapse of the Soviet Union, should American taxpayers be taxed, support armies in Europe, when the Europeans have plenty of money to do it for themselves?
 Mr. Perot, one minute, sir.
 Governor Clinton, one minute, sir.
 All right. We go now to Mr. Perot for a 2-minute question, and it will be asked by John Mashek.John Mashek. Mr. Perot, you talked about fairness just a minute ago, on sharing the pain. As part of your plan to reduce the ballooning Federal deficit, you've suggested that we raise gasoline taxes 50 cents a gallon over 5 years. Why punish the middle-class consumer to such a degree?
 Governor Clinton, you have a minute, sir.
 President Bush, one minute, sir.
 All right. Let's move on now to the subject of jobs. The first question goes to President Bush for 2 minutes, and John will ask that question. John?The Defense IndustryMr. Mashek. Mr. President, last month you came to St. Louis to announce a very lucrative contract for McDonnell Douglas to build F - 15's for Saudi Arabia. In today's Post-Dispatch, a retired saleswoman, a 75-year-old woman named Marjorie Roberts, asked if she could ask a question of the candidates, said she wanted to register her concern about the lack of a plan to convert our defense-oriented industries into other purposes. How would you answer her?
 Mr. Perot, you have one minute, sir.
 Governor Clinton, you have one minute, sir.
 All right. The next question goes to Mr. Perot for a 2 minute answer. It will be asked by Ann.Ann?Jobs Program
 Mr. Perot, you talked a minute ago about rebuilding the job base. But is it true what Governor Clinton just said, that that means that unemployment will increase, that it will slow the economy? And how would you specifically use the powers of the Presidency to get more people back into good jobs immediately?
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 President Bush, one minute.
 The next question goes to Governor Clinton for 2 minutes. It will be asked by Sandy.Federal Reserve Board Chairman
 Governor Clinton, when a President running for the first time gets into the office and wants to do something about the economy, he finds in Washington there's a person who has much more power over the economy than he does the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, accountable to no one. That being the case, would you go along with proposals made by Treasury Secretary James Brady and Congressman Lee Hamilton to make the Federal Reserve Board Chairman somehow more accountable to elected officials?
 President Bush, you have one minute.
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 We're going to move to foreign affairs. The first question goes to Mr. Perot for a 2-minute answer, and Sandy will ask it.Foreign Affairs
 Mr. Perot, in the post-cold-war environment, what should be the overriding U.S. national interest? And what can the United States do, and what can it afford to do to defend that national interest?
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 President Bush, one minute.
 All right, Next question is for Governor Clinton, and John will ask it.China-U.S. RelationsMr. Mashek. Governor Clinton, you've accused the President of coddling tyrants, including those in Beijing. As President, how would you exert U.S. power to influence affairs in China?
 President Bush, you have one minute.
 Mr. President, you're over -- --
 One minute,LOSER
 All right. The next question goes to President Bush for a 2-minute answer, and Ann will ask it.Bosnia and Somalia
 Mr. President, how can you watch the killing in Bosnia and the ethnic cleansing, or the starvation and anarchy in Somalia, and not want to use America's might, if not America's military, to try to end that kind of suffering?
 Are you designing a mission that would -- --
 Ann, sorry, sorry. Time is up. We have to go to Mr. Perot for a one-minute response.
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 All right. Moving on now to divisions in our country. The first question goes to Governor Clinton for two minutes, and Ann will ask it.Family Values
 Governor Clinton, can you tell us what your definition of the word "family" is?
 President Bush, one minute.
 Mr. Perot, you have one minute.
 New question, 2-minute answer, goes toLOSER Sandy will ask it.Legalization of Drugs
 Mr. President, there's been a lot of talk about Harry Truman in this campaign, so much so that I think tomorrow I'll wake up and see him named as the next commissioner of baseball. [Laughter]
 The thing that Mr. Truman didn't have to deal with is drugs. Americans are increasingly alarmed about drug-related crimes in cities and suburbs, and your administration is not the first to have grappled with this. Are you at all of a mind that maybe it ought to go to another level, if not to what's advocated by William F. Buckley, Jr., and Milton Friedman, legalization, somewhere between there and where we are now?
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 Next question is to you,LOSER You have 2 minutes to answer it, and John will ask it.Racial HarmonyMr. Mashek. Mr. Perot, racial division continues to tear apart our great cities, the last episode being this spring in Los Angeles. Why is this still happening in America? And what would you do to end it?
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 Mr. President, one minute.
 Time, Mr. President. All right, let's go now to another subject, the subject of health. The first question for 2 minutes is to President Bush, and John will ask it.AIDSMr. Mashek. Mr. President, yesterday tens of thousands of people paraded past the White House to demonstrate their concern about the disease AIDS. A celebrated member of your Commission, Magic Johnson, quit, saying that there was too much inaction. Where is this widespread feeling coming from that your administration is not doing enough about AIDS?
 One minute,LOSER
 Governor Clinton, one minute.
 New question forLOSER You have 2 minutes to answer, and Ann will ask it.Entitlement Programs
 Mr. Perot, even if you've got what people say are the guts to take on changes in the most popular and the most sacred of the entitlements, Medicare, people say you haven't a prayer of actually getting anything passed in Washington. Since the President isn't a Lone Ranger, how in the world can you make some of those unpopular changes?
 Governor, one minute.
 One minute,LOSER
 New question. It is for Governor Clinton, 2-minute answer. Sandy will ask it.Health Care Costs
 Governor Clinton, Ann Compton has brought up Medicare. I remember in 1965 when Wilbur Mills of Arkansas, the chairman of Ways and Means, was pushing it through the Congress. The charge against it was it's socialized medicine. One, you never -- --
 Well, he served with him 2 years later in 1967 where I first met him. The second point, though, is that it is now skyrocketing out of control. People want it; we say it's going bonkers. Is not the Oregon plan, applied to Medicaid rationing, the proper way to go, even though the Federal Government last August ruled that violated the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990?
 President Bush, one minute.
 Mr. Perot, one minute.
 And that's exactly what we're going to do. That was, in fact, the final question and answer. We're now going to move to closing statements. Each candidate will have up to 2 minutes. The order, remember, was determined by a drawing. And Mr. Perot, you were first.Closing Statements
 Governor Clinton, your closing statement.
 President Bush, your closing statement.
 Mr. President, 2 minutes, opening statement.
 All right, let's go now to the first question from this section, and it's forLOSERYes, ma'am? Yes?
 Mr. President?
 Senator?
 All right, the next question from this section right here. Right there in the middle, sir. Yes, sir?Health Care
 The next question is for Senator Dole from here. Yes, sir?Armed Forces
 Senator Dole?
 Next question here for President Clinton. Yes, ma'am, here on the front row.Middle East Peace Process
 All right, next question from this section, and it is forLOSER Back in the back. Yes, sir, right there. Yes, sir.Tobacco
 The next question is for President Clinton, and it comes from right here. Yes, sir?Social Security and Medicare
 Next question from here, and it's forLOSER Yes, ma'am, right here.
 Yes.Welfare Reform
 President Clinton?
 This section, question? Yes, ma'am, on the back row. This is for the President.Capital Gains Tax
 All right. The next question is forLOSER Yes, ma'am, right there.Responding to American Youth
 Next question is for President Clinton, and it's fromyes, ma'am? Yes?Affirmative Action
 All right, the next question is for Senator Dole, and it comes from this section right here. The back row, there, in the blue shirt. Yes, sir.Senator Dole's Tax Cut Proposal
 Sir.The next question is for the President.Yes, sir, right therewhite shirt.Family and Medical Leave Act
 Next question forLOSERThis side. Yes, ma'am.Domestic Manufacturing
 The next question is for President Clinton. Yes, sir?Gay Rights
 Senator Dole?
 Mr. President?
 The next question is for Senator Dole and it's from this section.Yes, ma'am? Yes?Health Care
 Senator Dole?
 The next question is for President Clinton, and in this section. Yes, ma'am. Yes.Participation in Electoral Process
 For Senator Dole, in this section. On the back row, yes, ma'am.Social Security and Alternatives
 All right, the question is for President Clinton. Does anybody have a foreign affairs question in this section? Yes, sir.Trade With Japan
 Senator?
 All right, the next question is for Senator Dole, and it's in this section. Yes, sir.Religion and Values
 All right, this is our last question. It goes to President Clinton, and it's from this section.Yes, ma'am?"Special Rights"
 Senator Dole?
 All right. Now we go to the closing statements. Senator Dole, you're first. Two minutes, sir.
 Mr. President.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Mr. President.This concludesthis is the last of the three 1996 Presidential and Vice Presidential debates.Jim Lehrer. Good evening from the Bushnell Theater in Hartford, Connecticut. I'm Jim Lehrer, of the "NewsHour" on PBS. Welcome to the first of the 1996 Presidential debates between President Bill Clinton, the Democratic nominee, and Senator Bob Dole, the Republican nominee.This event is sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. It will last 90 minutes, following a format and rules worked out by the two campaigns. There will be 2-minute opening and closing statements; in between, a series of questions, each having three parts a 90-second answer, a 60-second rebuttal, and a 30-second response. I will assist the candidates in adhering to those time limits, with the help of a series of lights visible to both. Under their rules, the candidates are not allowed to question each other directly. I will ask the questions. There are no limitations on the subjects. The order for everything tonight was determined by coin toss.Now to the opening statements and to President Clinton.Mr. President.Opening Statements
 Senator Dole, 2 minutes.Senator Bob Dole. Thank you.Thank you, Mr. President, for those kind words. And I thank the people of Hartford, the commission, and all those out here who may be listening or watching. It's a great honor for me to be here, standing here as the Republican nominee. I'm very proud to be the Republican nominee, reaching out to Democrats and independents.I have three very special people with me my wife, Elizabeth, my daughter, Robin, who have never let me down; and a fellow named Frank Carafa from New York, who along with Ollie Manninen helped me out in the mountains of Italy a few years back. I've learned from them that people do have tough times and sometimes you can't go it alone. And that's what America's all about.I remember getting my future back from doctors and nurses and a doctor in Chicago named Dr. Kelikian, and ever since that time I've tried to give something back to my country, to the people who are watching us tonight.America is the greatest place on the face of the Earth. And I know millions of you still have anxieties. You work harder and harder to make ends meet and put food on the table. You worry about the quality and the safety of your children and the quality of education. But even more importantly, you worry about the future and will they have the same opportunities that you and I have had. And Jack Kemp and I want to share with you some ideas tonight. Jack Kemp is my running mate, doing an outstanding job.Now, I'm a plain-speaking man, and I learned long ago that your word was your bond. And I promise you tonight that I'll try to address your concerns and not try to exploit them. It's a tall order, but I've been running against the odds for a long time. And again, I'm honored to be here this evening.Federal Government's Role
 Mr. President, first question There's a major difference in your view of the role of the Federal Government and that ofLOSER How would you define the difference?
 Senator Dole, one minute.
 Mr. President, 30 seconds.
 Senator Dole, the President said in his opening statement, we are better off today than we were 4 years ago. Do you agree?
 Mr. President, one minute.
 Senator Dole?
 Mr. President, Senator Dole has come pretty close in the last few days to accusing you of lying about his position on Medicare reform. Have you done so?
 Mr. President.
 Senator Dole, speaking of your tax plan, do you still think that's a good idea, the 15 percent across-the-board tax cut?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, the Senator mentioned trial lawyers, and that means campaign financing. How do you personally avoid being unduly influenced by people who give you money or give you services in your campaigns?
 Senator Dole?
 Mr. President.
 Well, Senator Dole, let me ask you the same question I asked the President How do you avoid being influenced by people who contribute money and services to your campaigns?
 Mr. President.
 Senator Dole, 30 seconds.
 Mr. President, the Senator mentioned drugs. He's suggested in the past that you bear some responsibility for the rise in drug use of teenagers in the United States. Is he right?
 Senator.
 Mr. President.
 Senator Dole, on the Governmentcontinuing to talk about the Government's roleif elected President, would you seek to repeal the Brady bill and the ban on assault weapons?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, Senator Dole said the other day that you practiced a photo-op foreign policy that has lessened the credibility of the United States throughout the world. Is he wrong about that?
 Senator.
 Mr. President.
 Senator Dole, if elected President, what criteria would you use to decide when to send U.S. troops into harm's way?
 Well, Mr. President, what is your attitude toward Cuba and how Cuba should be treated?
 Senator Dole, you mentioned health reform several times. What do you think should be done about the health care system?
 Senator.
 Senatorgo ahead and finish your sentence, sorry.
 Back to foreign affairs for a moment. Mr. President, are you satisfied with the way you handled this last Iraq crisis and the end result?
 Senator Dole, on your photo-op foreign policy charge against the President
 No, no, I mean your charge against the President that he has a photo-op foreign policy; does the Middle East summit last week fall into that category?
 Mr. President, in your acceptance speech in Chicago, you said the real choice in this race is, quote, "whether we build a bridge to the future or a bridge to the past, about whether we believe our best days are still out there or our best days are behind us, about whether we want a country of people all working together or one where you're on your own." End quote. Are you saying that you believe Senator Dole is a man of the past and if elected President he would lead the country backward?
 Mr. President.
 Senator Dole, do you still favor eliminating the Department of Education?
 Mr. President, what's wrong with the school choice proposal?
 Mr. President.Senator Dole, at the Republican Convention you said the following, and I quote "It is demeaning to the Nation that within the Clinton administration, a corps of the elite who never grew up, never did anything real, never sacrificed, never suffered, and never learned should have the power to fund with your earnings their dubious and self-serving schemes." End quote. Whom, precisely, and what, precisely, did you have in mind?
 Mr. President, if you're not a liberal, describe your political philosophy.
 Senator Dole, we've talked mostly now about differences between the two of you that relate to policy issues and that sort of thing. Are there also significant differences in the more personal area that are relevant to this election?
 That are relevant to this.
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, 30 seconds.
 Senator Dole, if you could single out one thing that you would like for the voters to have in their mind about President Clinton, on a policy matter or a personal matter, what would it be? Something to know about him, understand it, and appreciate it.
 Mr. President, what do you say to Senator Dole's point that this election is about keeping one's word?
 Senator.
 All right, that's the last question, the last answer. Let's go now to the closing statements.
 Mr. President, you're first. Two minutes.
 Senator Dole, your closing statement, sir.
 Thank you for joining us as the Democratic presidential contenders hold their final debate before the New Hampshire primary next Tuesday. If you were with us earlier, you know that the Republican candidates finished their debate in this very studio just half an hour ago.Griffith That's right. And our New Hampshire voters take this political tradition that we do every four years very seriously. And we hope tonight that the people of New Hampshire, the people in their living rooms, will be able to explore the issues, examine the candidates, and then finally make up their minds on Tuesday.The debate, the rules much similar to the one before. During the next half hour Judy and I will pose questions to the candidates. Each candidate will also have time to question one another. And then, of course, both gentlemen will have their closing remarks.
 And now let's welcome the Democratic candidates Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley.Gentlemen, thank you both.The first...
 The first question goes to Mr. Gore.Most people believe that you are an honorable man, but when it comes to electoral politics your critics, including some Democrats, say that you will do almost anything to win, including reinventing yourself, using consultants no matter what their reputation, and running not just a tough, but a mean-spirited campaign. Newspaper editorials here in New Hampshire and around the country accuse you of distorting Mr. Bradley's record. Is this really necessary to win your party's nomination?
 Well, Mr. Vice President, there have been, evidently, several distortions of Mr. Bradley's record. And I'm going to cite just two of them. You charged, for example, that his health care plan would eliminate federal standards for nursing homes. It would not.Number two, you charge, in supporting that he  in supporting pilot, private school voucher programs  which he did, he voted to siphon off money from public education, which is also not the case.Now was this a matter of misinformation, or were you just being political?
 Mr. Bradley, we talked with a number of Democratic voters in Iowa, where you've just come from, and here in New Hampshire who say they like you, they respect you, but they think you are too laid back in this contest.They note your determination to avoid going negative. But they worry that in the fall the Democrats are going to need a fighter to go up against what will surely be a relentlessly tough campaign put on by the Republicans, and they say they don't see that fight in you. Is it there?
 Well, you say that, however, Mr. Bradley, you have surrogates in this campaign who are being very tough on Mr. Gore. Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, the widow of the late Massachusetts Senator Paul Tsongas, both of them on the air now attacking Mr. Gore for suggesting that he has distorted your record. Are you hiding behind them and letting them do your dirty work?
 Mr. Bradley, a question about international policy. With rising oil prices around the globe, many experts say that Iraq now has more leverage over the United Nations than at any time since the 1991 Persian Gulf war. Russia openly backs Iraq. China and France frequently vote with Iraq at the U.N. against the United States. At this point, the Clinton administration seems, to many experts, undecided over whether to take a harder line against Saddam Hussein or to try to strike some sort of accommodation. What specifically would you do about Iraq?
 This is a follow-up. Desert Storm, which you opposed, was successful because the U.S. military had the resources that it needed, and many critics today say that there is a huge readiness problem in our military. You are the only presidential candidate who has said he is not for increased military spending.My question is, how do you know that this is not going to leave the United States' national security position in a vulnerable state?
 All right, a question now to Mr. Gore, also international policy question. Chechnya  the Clinton-Gore administration is continuing to back international financial support for Russia, loans, despite the brutal war in Chechnya, in which, as you know, Russian soldiers have killed many, many civilians. Why is your administration not willing to do anything truly tough toward Russia given these circumstances?
 But you have not gone as far as  for example, Governor Bush, Senator McCain, even Senator Bradley have recommended  all of them have recommended going further in terms of cutting financial assistance to the Russians. Why don't you  why aren't you willing to advocate this, since you know  we now know how much this war is draining from the general Russian treasury?
 We're going to have to move now to the next round of candidate-to-candidate questions. And the first question from Vice President Gore to Senator Bradley.
 We need a question. OK.
 Mr. Gore has a follow-up here.
 Mr. Bradley, a question for Mr. Gore.
 Is there a question?
 No, but because...
 All right, Mr. Gore.
 All right, go ahead.
 All right. We've let  we've let, sort of, slip out of the rules here because it was clear that both of you had things that you wanted to say.Now, we have a question for  from  from Senator Bradley for Mr. Gore.
 Mr. Vice President, it's your turn now to ask a question of Senator Bradley.
 Mr. Gore...
 All right...
 Go ahead.
 Mr. Bradley, you get a response.
 All right. We have  we are now going to go to the final round of moderator questions. And because we've ended up with more comments from both of you, we're going to ask you if you would limit your answers at this point to 45 seconds, if possible. And we will not be asking follow-ups.To you, Vice President Gore, Senator Fred Thompson, Republican, Senator Joe Lieberman, Democrat, have both suggested that the campaign finance scandals of the Clinton-Gore administration in 1996 were the worst since Watergate. Chinese army officials, other foreign officials, invited to coffees at the White House; the Buddhist temple incident; the Lincoln Bedroom virtually auctioned off. My question is No one up high paid a price. Isn't this just a license for the same sort of thing to happen in this election and the next election?
 Senator Bradley, in this campaign, you have attempted to, I would say "wall off" an unusually large amount of information from the press and the public about such things as who your main advisers are, what books have particularly influenced you, your complete medical records, among other things. These are not personal questions. How then do you justify not sharing this information with the American people, when you're asking them to elect you to the highest office?
 But what about your advisers, and your medical records?
 And your advisers.
 We're going to have to...
 And with that, our time is up. We do want to thank Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley, both of you for being with us. And to all of our viewers here in New Hampshire, and across the country, thank you.Griffith And we also want to remind to go to the polls and vote. It's Tuesday, the first-in-the-nation primary tradition continues.Have a good night, everybody.
 And we welcome you to North High School in Des Moines, Iowa. As we celebrate the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., we also look ahead to the Iowa caucus, just one week from today. This evening we are joined by two men who are seeking the nomination of the Democratic Party for president of the United States. They are Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley.Gentlemen, we welcome you both.
 Soledad, as you know, Mr. Gore and Mr. Bradley have agreed to join us tonight to talk about the all-important issue of race in America. Many voters watching around the country might not necessarily associate race issues with voters here in the state of Iowa, but indeed these issues matter here in Iowa. And we believe the issues of race are important to African-Americans and Hispanics and people of color all across the country. All Americans ought to be concerned about these issues. And so we are delighted tonight to bring you this debate and are pleased that Mr. Gore and Mr. Bradley have agreed to join us this evening.Now, before we start, let me also take a moment right quick to thank State Representative Wayne Ford, the founder of the Brown-Black Forum, for his extreme and wonderful involvement in making sure this happened. Mr. Ford, we thank you, sir.Soledad.
 And so, with no further ado, let's begin our debate.Vice President Gore, we're going to begin with you this evening. Some 46,000 people, twice the number predicted, showed up today for a King Day rally in Columbia, South Carolina. They were, of course, protesting the flying of the Confederate battle flag atop the state capitol.Now, you have said, Mr. Vice President, that you think that the flag should be removed from the state capitol. You also have said that you think it should be removed from state institutions. Given that, do you support and do you intend to abide by the NAACP's boycott of the state of South Carolina until that flag is removed?
 Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Gore, your rebuttal.
 And Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Bradley, the next question is for you, sir. In the wake of the vice president's attack on your health care plan, which he says would leave millions of African-Americans and Hispanics without coverage, you have said you've been misrepresented. You have said you're offended. You have said you find his criticisms to be divisive and to be scare tactics. Do you think the vice president's comments border on race-baiting?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Senator Bradley, you're shaking your head no.
 Vice President.
 Mr. Gore, it's been said a few times already today that we are in a state today where we are celebrating the [Unsolicited question] Your plans are to stop global warming.  If you could answer that, I'd really appreciate it. [The questioner is escorted from the auditorium.]
 See, I get my 15 minutes and this is what happens to me. [laughter] You're on my time. What's up with that?
 Yeah, I'll tell you. Anyway 
 Let me 
 Maybe we'll get to that 
 As we move to the audience, Mr. Vice President, maybe someone will ask that question. The question I was about to ask a moment ago, before I was interrupted, we celebrate today the life and legacy of Dr. King. That's been said a number of times. Senator Bradley asked a moment ago almost rhetorically, you know, but seriously, what Dr. King would want us to be doing, were he here today; I think a legitimate question. If we're not going to talk about education and economics when it comes to people of color, then this debate really is a bunch of conjecture, I think we all agree.But part of the problem  one of the reasons why we can't get to those real discussions about education and economics is because other mess keeps getting in the way, like the attack on affirmative action. I, quite frankly, am tired of people taking King's words and misappropriating what he meant, to suggest that affirmative action Dr. King would not be for.I want to ask you  I don't want to use the phrase "litmus test," necessarily, but where do you rank affirmative action when it comes to anyone you might have the chance to nominate to sit on the Supreme Court? Are we talking the Thurgood Marshall construct or the Clarence Thomas construct? [laughter]
 Senator Bradley, how do you rank affirmative action?
 Mr. Bradley, you and Vice President Gore are on record all over the place, thankfully, being vehemently opposed to racial profiling. As you both know, it's much easier in the abstract to oppose things like racial profiling than it is when it's a real-life example. Let me ask, if I can, a real-life question.You know the story very well. In upstate New York, Oneonta, New York, where this elderly white woman was attacked in her home, the only thing she saw  the man had a ski mask on. She only saw one of his hands. And from the color of his skin, she knew that he was an African-American. She filed a police report, and the police in Oneonta, New York, this small college town, arrested  questioned, rather, every single African-American man in town  old, young, middle-aged, bald. It didn't matter what you looked like; if you were a black man and had at least one hand that was black, you got pulled over by the cops. [laughter]The question is, if that happened to be your mother, that elderly white woman was your mother, would you agree with the decision of the Second Circuit Court that said that those cops in that city acted properly, that their conduct was not unconstitutional, it did not violate the separation  the right to unreasonable search and seizure? Do you agree with the Supreme Court with the appellate court in that decision?
 Vice President Gore.
 We're now going to take some audience questions, and our first question comes from Christina Fazon, who is an educator from Davenport. Your question, please.
 You have one minute for answers, starting with Mr. Gore first.
 Senator Bradley.
 Senator Bradley, this question is for you. This is Sullivan Bakan, who is a student here at North High School. Your question, Sullivan?
 Mr. Vice President, this question is for you. We'll start with you. This is Randy Palmer, who is an attorney in Des Moines. Mr. Palmer, your question?
 Mr. Bradley.
 Mr. Bradley    this question we will start with you first  this is T.C. Rush, who is a systems analyst from West Des Moines. Ms. Rush?
 Mr. Bradley, yes, sir.
 Vice President Gore, this question is for you Under what is colloquially known as the "wet-foot-dry-foot" law, which in essence means that a Cuban who makes it to U.S. soil can stay  that is not the case for a Haitian immigrant, that is not the case for a Mexican immigrant, that is not the case for a Chinese immigrant. Do you think that this law should be expanded to include all of these groups?  Or do you think this law should be halted?
 So China should be the exception as well?
 Mr. Bradley?
 To those who are watching the debate live around the country, Dr. Mahone needs no introduction here in Iowa. Mr. Gore spoke of a medical miracle  he was talking of course about the Macoy septuplets  you all know that of course. [laughter]Anyway, before we go on to Steffen Schmidt, our next panelist, I should tell you that these four panelists, as I mentioned earlier were preselected, were selected by the Brown-Black Forum, and I neglected to tell you that. Forgive me.Mr. Schmidt, your question for Mr. Gore first?
 Senator Bradley?
 Our next panelist is Michele Soria. I mentioned earlier that these panelists were preselected by the Brown-Black Forum. Now I am obligated to tell you that she happens to be a Bradley precinct captain, just in terms of full disclosure. Now, having said that  [laughter]  having said that, how about a question for Bill Bradley? [laughter]
 Vice President Gore?
 This question goes to Vice President Gore first, and this is Erik Parker. Erik?
 This question is for Mr. Bradley. You spoke a little earlier about your experiences working in professional sports where your teammates were dealing with racism on a daily basis. What do you think then should be done with a player like John Rocker, who has made disparaging remarks about immigrants, about homosexuals, who called teammate a "fat monkey"? Do you think this is a sign of a mental illness? Do you think this indicates a person  [laughter]  who needs some kind of counseling? Should he be removed?
 Mr. Vice President?
 This question  also back to you, Mr. Vice President  the Democrat activist, the Reverend Al Sharpton, has now endorsed anybody yet in this race. He is of course in the forefront of New York City politics and he is perceived by many people to be very controversial. For example, many people point to his refusal to denounce the anti-Semitism of people like Khalid Mohammed. He says he has asked you for a public meeting. Will you commit to a public meeting with him? And what would it take for you  what would you do to get his endorsement?
 He wants a public meeting.
 Mr. Bradley?
 Mr. Bradley, with all due respect to the voters here in Iowa, and New Hampshire, as you and Mr. Gore both know, both Iowa and New Hampshire are both overwhelmingly white states with a disproportionately loud voice in the electoral process, in terms of who is going to come out of this, Bradley or Gore on top, I wonder whether or not you think we ought to take a look at another look, I should say  at how this deck is stacked and whether or not you think it is fair to persons of color, since this is a race debate, unfair to persons of color around the country that we don't get a chance really to be heard until six or seven weeks into the process. Two small states, overwhelmingly white, but a disproportionately loud voice in the process.
 As we are nearing the end of our broadcast, I am going to ask you to keep this final answer to 30 seconds apiece, please, and a tight 30 seconds.Advisors, Mr. Gore, to President Clinton suggested that the president create a permanent commission on race. He declined. Would you create a permanent commission on race if you were president?
 Mr. Bradley?
 Mr. Gore, it  as they say, it has been fun, but we've got to run. You've got 30 tight seconds for a closing comment  30 seconds.
 And closing remarks from Mr. Bill Bradley.
 Thank you very much. Soledad, I have been enlightened, I have been encouraged, I have been empowered by this. I hope our audience has as well. And thank you for the opportunity to work with you.
 Thank you as well. We would also like to thank the members of the Brown and Black Presidential Forum, and also the people who generously contributed North High School for us this evening. Thank you very much. Have a safe evening, and don't forget to vote.
 Welcome. We're very glad you're with us today for what has become an important Iowa campaign tradition the "Des Moines Register's" pre-caucus presidential candidate debates.Today, you'll be hearing the views of the two Democratic nominations  or I'm sorry, the two Democrats seeking their party's nomination. And they are Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee and former U.S. Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey.Next week, we'll be hearing from the Republican candidates, and by the way, I should add that today's debates are closed-captioned and on some stations are being translated into Spanish.This caucus season's campaign for the support of Iowans has been one of the more hotly contested campaigns that we've seen in many years. Candidates have spent more days in the state than many have in the past, They and special interests are spending a lot of money on advertising.For their part, many Democrats tell me that they find much to like about both of these candidates. But they are having a tough time making a decision.Well, gentlemen, I trust that by the end of today's session, that choice will be much, much easier. It's our hope that viewers today will see clear distinctions between the two of you in your styles, your expectations, your hopes, and your general approach to government.Our questions today have all come from Iowans, but before we address those questions, we'll have opening statements from each candidate.Vice President Gore, let's begin with you. You have one minute.
 Thanks, Mr. Vice President. Senator Bradley.
 Thanks, Senator. Well, now, moving to some questions from some Iowans, and as both of you know, Iowa has a higher percentage of older residents than most other states. And many of our older residents, and I might add their sons and daughters like me, are increasingly concerned about medical costs.One of the questions we received is from Margaret Rooney from Des Moines. And here's what she wrote to me "My entire Social Security check, $702 a month, goes for health care expenses. $470 is spent on supplemental insurance  I'm sorry, on prescription drugs; $182 is spent on supplemental insurance; and the last $50 is owed to an ambulance company which charged me $378 for a five-mile trip to the emergency room. Now Medicare refused my claim, in spite of my doctor's writing two letters stating that my injury was a medical emergency. What are you prepared to do to help me?"Senator Bradley, you can go first on this one. A minute and 30 seconds, please.
 Thank you. Mr. Vice President.
 Something like $470 a month.
 Senator Bradley, 30 seconds for rebuttal.
 All right.Mr. Vice President?
 Thank you.Here's an agriculture question from David Schoenbaum, who lives in Iowa City. He writes "Candidates from both parties have told "The Des Moines Register" that they support genetic engineering, something Iowa agriculture is heavily invested in. We're also heavily dependent on exports, as both of you know. But, genetically engineered products meet heavy resistance in European countries and in Japan. Now a century ago, we could deploy our ships and threaten to shoot if other nations didn't open up their markets. What can we do today?" Senator Bradley, you're first on this one, as well.
 Mr. Vice President.
 Senator Bradley  30-second rebuttal.
 Mr. Vice President.
 OK, thank you.Now we'd like each of you to ask a question of each other. And you will each have an opportunity for a follow-up question. Senator Bradley, please go ahead with your question for the vice president. You'll have 30 seconds to state the question. And he'll have a minute and 30 seconds to respond.
 Senator Bradley, you have time for a follow-up.
 I didn't hear a question there, but...
 You had a chance for a follow-up, but go ahead.
 Your question for the Senator, Mr. Vice President?
 Your turn to ask a question, absolutely.
 And your question?
 Quick follow-up question.
 Thank you.Let's go to another question from a reader now. This one's from Roger Sitterly from Des Moines. And he wants to know, "Under what circumstances should U.S. armed forces be used for international peacekeeping, and under whose command?"Mr. Vice President, you go first on this one.
 Senator Bradley.
 Mr. Vice President, a rebuttal?
 OK. Rebuttal?
 Thank you. We have a couple of community college students in the audience. And we want to give some of them a chance to ask a question at this debate.Our first student is Kim Myzenheimer of Mitchellville. She's a student at Des Moines Area Community College in Des Moines.Kim, please go ahead  and, first of all, welcome to the debate. Go ahead and ask your question.
 Senator Bradley, you may go first.
 OK. Mr. Vice President.
 Senator Bradley, 30-second rebuttal.
 Thank you Mr. Vice President. Here's a question from Ken Shy. He's a retired school superintendent from Nevada, Iowa."If elected president, what would you do that would result in improved learning for all students in public school classrooms?" Senator.
 Mr. Vice President.
 OK.
 Thank you.Senator Bradley.
 Thank you.Mr. Vice President.
 We're out of time on this one. Thank you, sir.Now let's go to our second student. He's Derrick Billand of Ames. He's another Des Moines Area Community College student.And Derrick, thanks for being with us today. Go ahead with your question, please.
 Mr. Vice President?
 Thank you. Senator Bradley.
 Thank you.Mr. Vice President.
 OK.
 Senator, anything more on this one?
 Time's up...
 Thank you.Here's another question from a reader, Liz Gilbert of Iowa Falls, and here's what she wrote to me. "Regardless of who is president, monied corporate special interests still will lobby for and receive special favors where the so-called little guy is ignored. Why should the average American care what happens in this election?"Senator Bradley?
 Thank you.Mr. Vice President.
 Time's up.
 Senator, a rebuttal?
 Thank you. Mr. Vice President.
 Here's one more question from a reader, and we won't have time for a rebuttal on this one.As you know, the U.S. Census Bureau has reported that, for every dollar a man makes a woman makes something like 73 cents. Kathy Neale of Ankany is president of the Business and Professional Women of Iowa. And she asks "As president, what would you do to ensure that working families do not suffer as a result of the gender wage gap?"Mr. Vice President, you may go first.
 Senator Bradley.
 Thank you. That ends the question portion of this debate, and now we'll go to closing comments. Each of you will have a minute and 45 seconds. We'll begin with the vice president.Go ahead.
 Thank you. Senator Bradley.
 Thank you, Senator.I'd like to thank both of our candidates for being with us today. Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley. And I'd like to thank you for being with us as well. Next week, we'll be back with the Republicans. Have a great day.
 Vice President, Senator Bradley, welcome both.
 Let's go right to it. Senator Bradley, let me start with you. Health care you have been on the receiving end of Vice President Gore's attacks over the last few weeks, questioning your plan, how to pay for it. Your campaign in New Hampshire responded with a flyer--I'll put it on the screen--which talked about the disease of Gore-itis. The symptoms uncontrollable lying; the medication truth serum; the patient Vice President Al Gore.Specifically, what has Al Gore said about your health-care plan that is a distortion or a lie?
 Forty-four million without health insurance. How many of those would your plan cover?
 Who would you leave out?
 Well, Senator Bradley, how long before all 45 million uninsured Americans would have some kind of guaranteed health care?
 Vice President Gore, your plan, as I understand it, would take care of about 12 million of those 45 million people. How long before the 45 million uninsured Americans would have access to health care?
 How long before you would get there?
 2020, 2040?
 Hold on just one second. I'm going to give you a chance, Senator. But, Vice President, I went back and looked at the Clinton-Gore health plan of 1994. And let me show you a description of what that plan did to Medicaid. And I'll put it on the screen for you. "Under Clinton's bill, Medicaid patients would receive the same benefits package as other Americans. That would mean fewer services for some Medicaid beneficiaries who currently receive assistance with transportation, translation, rehabilitation. Overall, spending for Medicaid would be sharply reduced." You propose doing exactly the same thing that...
 ...Senator Bradley's discussing now...
 And you're accusing him of destroying Medicaid.
 Is he?
 Senator?
 Bottom line, Senator Bradley, your plan would deal with all 45 million people who are uninsured either directly or allow them the option of insurance in how short a period?
 But it's more expensive to do that than Vice President Gore's...
 One of the issues that Vice President Gore...
 Is that true, Senator?
 All right. Let me turn to Me...
 Let me turn to Medicare because it's an important component of this. And, Vice President, you suggested that Senator Bradley is ignoring Medicare. And let me just go through for our viewers and for you the simple facts.When Social Security began in 1945, there were 42 workers--42 workers--per retiree. There are now 40 million people receiving Social Security and Medicare. In the year 2035 that will double to 80 million people. The two programs Medicare and Social Security costs $600 billion right now. In the year 2035 they are going to cost $5 trillion, 12 times increase.According to the annual report of the trustees of Social Security and Medicare, this is the secretary of Treasury, the secretary of Labor, secretary of Health and Human Services--they say that in the year 2035, if no structural changes are made in Social Security, we either have to cut benefits one-third or raise taxes up to $9,000 per family, 50 percent increase in the payroll tax in order to pay for Social Security.Senator Bradley, you were on this program in August. You said you'd have a detailed plan to deal with this issue. Senator Moynihan, your supporter, has come forward with some solutions and said, "Let's not cut benefits by a third. Let's not raise taxes $1 trillion. Let's look at this in this way." Life expectancy--when Social Security began, life expectancy was 65 years old. Right now average American is expected to live 77 years old. In the year 2070, Americans expected to live to 87 years old. Based on that, people can retire at 62 or 65, but should there be a gradual increase of the retirement eligibility age where they would get full benefits? Why? Because if someone retires at 70 in the year 2070, they'd have 17 years of Social Security and Medicare. Would you consider looking at a gradual increase in the retirement age?
 Would you consider making the cost-of-living increase more accurate?
 But something must be done, Vice President--benefits cut by a third, taxes increased by $1 trillion. Would you consider gradually raising the retirement age? Otherwise, in the year 2070 someone can retire at 62 and be on Medicare and Social Security for 25 years. And yet that's OK with you?
 Ever?
 Ever?VICE PRESS.WINNER Well, in the foreseeable future, ever? I'll say ever, sure. And let me tell you why. You know, your logic is that since life spans are increasing, the retirement age should also increase. But what that misses is that steelworker in Buffalo that you sometimes refer to, who has a hard, physical labor job, and the wear and tear on that person's skeleton and muscles is just the same as when average life spans were shorter. And, you know, Senator Bradley voted in the Senate to consider a measure that would raise the retirement age for both Social Security and Medicare to 70. I'm glad that he's backed off that now because I think the American people are correct in opposing it.But the fact is we have to make sacrifices. You're right on that point. But in an era of surpluses instead of deficits, here is one way to frame these sacrifices. We have now the largest surpluses in history. I devote $1.8 trillion over the next 10 years to the Social Security Trust Fund and then--because that's the money in Social Security. And then in the year 20--after the year 2010, devote all of the interest saved from paying down the debt to the Social Security Frust Fund. Now, Medicare is a different proposition.
 Let me just stay on Social Security.
 There are five million state and local and government employees who don't pay into Social Security, but they moonlight on the side and have second jobs, low income and get full Social Security benefits. Should they not be brought into the Social Security system...
 ...like federal workers?
 So what I'm hearing this morning is that even though the system is going to have to reduce benefits by a third or raise taxes by a trillion dollars...
 ...both candidates for the Democratic nomination are saying...
 ..."We can grow our way out of this."
 Surpluses can...
 ...pay for Medicade and Social Security.
 What are the tough choices?
 So, Vice President, no structural changes are needed in Social Security?
 What are they?
 Your own trustees say this must be done.
 Reality check. Suddenly, there are no surpluses. The economy goes into a downturn. Then what happens to Social Security and Medicare? The benefit levels are the same. You increase taxes. Senator, there are no surpluses. It's not a dream world.
 What are all the possibilities?
 Retirement age, taxing Social Security benefits, like other pensions, bringing in state and local workers. Everything's on the table?
 But you act like it's radioactive. We can't possibly talk responsibly about Social Security, Medicare...
 ...because we'll be punished by the unions and the senior citizens.
 But, Vice President, if, in fact, the surpluses go away, there's an economic downturn. What possibilities would you consider to save Medicare and Social Security because there's going to be a shortfall?
 So what's on the table? What's on the table? Be specific.
 You're guaranteeing surpluses as far as the eye can see?
 So if there is a war, an oil embargo...
 So you can't guarantee surpluses?
 And then you...
 And everything's on the sable for Social Security and Medicare?
 And you will guarantee that they can spend 25 years on Social Security and Medicare if life expectancy's 86?
 All right.
 Let me turn to education. Senator Bradley, you supported tuition tax credits. A parent who sends their child to a non-public school could deduct part of the tuition on their income tax form. You supported a experimental program of vouchers throughout the country. As president, would you support tuition tax credits and vouchers?
 When will we know whether those experiments have succeeded?
 But no to tuition tax credits.
 Why?
 Vice President, in the District of Columbia...
 You will. One second. Go ahead, Senator.
 In the District of Columbia where we sit, one out of every three students drop out before they finish high school. A new study done three-fourths of the nation's schoolchildren are unable to compose an organized, coherent essay. All across the country--New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, New Orleans--the Catholic school system, more than half of those students are non-Catholic, most of them black, many of them with a single mom. They have decided the public schools don't work for their kid, and they want to stop the experimentation on their child. And they have chosen to send their kid to a Catholic school, even though they're non-Catholic. And 99 percent of them go on to college. Why don't those poor, minority moms with their kids, who could not possibly deal with the chaos of public school, deserve a break?
 How?
 But these parents have their child right now. They're not going to wait for your experiments and your improvements.
 They want...
 They have decided the public schools don't work. They want to send a non-Catholic to a Catholic school. Why not give them a couple hundred bucks to offset the burden of tuition?
 OK. I'll give you the last word on education.
 But we have to take a quick break. A lot more with Al Gore, Bill Bradley right after this. Our debate continues.[Announcements]
 We're back. Vice president, let me turn to campaign finance reform.
 Senator Bradley proposed earlier this summer that he would not accept soft money if the Republican candidate would not accept soft money. Let me show you what your campaign manager said about him back then and get your reaction."In election after election, Bill Bradley took money from the Democratic Party. Now, he would leave the party and every Democratic candidate, from school board to U.S. senator, to fend for themselves while George W. Bush and the Republican money machine tried to buy the election."Is that accurate?
 Is that accurate, Senator?
 But your proposal is only if the Republicans agree. It's not unilateral?
 ...let me...
 Let me turn...
 Let me go back to campaign finance reform, because, Vice...
 Let me...
 Vice President, as you know, the Clinton-Gore campaign spent $40 million in soft money in 1996, $15 million of it on negative attack ads against Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich. Because of the fund-raising irregularities in raising that soft money, 22 people have been indicted, 12 have been convicted, 70 witnesses took the Fifth Amendment, 18 witnesses left the country, 23 foreign witnesses refused to be interviewed. John McCain, on Thursday, was with Senator Bradley and focused on you. Let me show you that and give you a chance to respondSENATOR JOHN McCAIN (Republican, Arizona; Presidential Contender) The scandal was at the basement of the institutions of government by the Clinton-Gore campaign. The president of the United States rented out the Lincoln Bedroom, treated it like Motel 6 and he was the bellhop. The vice president of the United States had monks pay thousands of dollars and violate their vows of poverty so they could spiritually commune with him.The vice president of the United States said there was no controlling legal authority. When I'm president, there will be a controlling legal authority.
 Are you vulnerable to the Republicans on this issue?
 Will you admit that in 1996 the Clinton-Gore campaign fund-raising apparatus was overly aggressive, perhaps unethical?
 What was the biggest mistake that was made? If you learned from it?
 Senator, what did you think of the 1996 Clinton-Gore campaign's approach to fund- raising?
 All right, all right.
 Go ahead.
 Let me move to...
 Let me move to...
 ...another issue. You mentioned mistakes, Vice President. One year ago today William Jefferson Clinton was impeached. The Washington Post reported yesterday that Bill and Hillary Clinton may ask the United States government taxpayers to reimburse $5 million in legal expenses. Is that appropriate?
 So it should not happen?
 Do you believe the taxpayers should pay for the legal defense of Bill and Hillary Clinton?
 Senator Bradley?
 On impeachment day, Vice President, you said that "Bill Clinton will be regarded in history books as one of our greatest presidents." Who else do you believe should be considered our greatest president?
 So you put Bill Clinton in the same company as Washington and Lincoln?
 No, it's a very serious question.
 So this makes--you used the word greatest. You stand by that?
 I make no judgments. Senator Bradley, do you believe that Bill Clinton is one of the greatest presidents?
 Let me turn...
 Let's me go to one foreign policy issue, in 1991 the Persian Gulf War. This is what Bill Bradley said as he voted no, not to support the war. "The Persian Gulf War is likely to become a `bloody and long' battle that could take up to six months and could destabilize the Middle East for decades to come, Senator Bradley said." The ground war, as you know, lasted 100 hours.
 Was that a fundamental misjudgment on your part?
 Vice president, one year ago Saddam Hussein threw out all the inspectors who could find his chemical or nuclear capability--one year. He now said just yesterday, "You're not coming back." When is the administration going to get in there and start inspecting? And, two, do you believe that over the last year, without inspections, Saddam has developed and improved his nuclear and chemical capability?
 Let me just stay on this sub--no inspectors for the last year. Are you concerned he's had a free year to develop his nuclear and chemical capability? And how can you assure the American people he hasn't taken advantage of a year without inspectors?
 He has said no.
 Will you force inspectors back in there?
 Senator, would you force Saddam Hussein to let the inspectors in with the threat of military force?
 Will you threaten military force to get the inspectors back in?
 We have to take another quick break. We'll be right back with more of Al Gore and Bill Bradley right after this.
 Senator Bradley, absent your marriage to Ernestine, the birth of your child and grandchild, what's the most defining moment of your life?
 Vice President Gore?
 If you could put two things in a time capsule which best represent this American century, what would they be?
 Senator Bradley?
 We now have asked each of the candidates to talk directly to the voters and the viewers. Senator Bradley, you have 45 seconds.
 Senator Bradley, thank you. Vice President Gore.
 Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley, Merry Christmas to both you and your families.
 Be safe on the campaign trail, and we hope you'll come back.
 And if you'd like to see this debate again, it will re-air in its entirety this afternoon at 400 Eastern on MSNBC and tonight at 6 and 10 PM on CNBC. That's 400 on MSNBC this afternoon and 6 PM and 10 PM tonight on CNBC.Start your day tomorrow on "Today" with Katie and Matt. Then the "NBC Nightly News" with Tom Brokaw. That's all for today. We'll be back next week. If it's Sunday, it's MEET THE PRESS. Merry Christmas and happy holidays.
 The ground rules are either so tightly drawn that you've eliminated any hope of one candidate laying a glove on another, or there are time limits which guarantee that every answer has been prechewed to fit into a 30-, 60-or 90-second capsule.The candidate who's behind is always interested in talking  debate, town meeting  it doesn't really matter. Anything could help. The candidate who's ahead always wants to stay above the fray. If you've got a good lead, after all, why take chances?That's why tonight's town meeting, here at Daniel Webster College, promises to be such an unusual event. Ninety minutes with time out for commercial breaks  yes, commercial breaks. I said this would be unusual, not miraculous. [laughter]But still, a lot of time. And beyond the fact that I've asked both candidates to remain seated, no ground rules beyond my promise to try to keep the event brisk, informative and fair.Al Gore and Bill Bradley are both experienced and confident campaigners. That's one reason they've agreed to such an open forum. But if you look at these numbers from our latest ABC News/"Washington Post" poll, you'll see another reason. Nationally  those are the numbers on the far right of your screen  the vice president is still comfortably ahead of Senator Bradley, 48 percent to 31 percent.But here, in New Hampshire, it's a statistical dead heat. Bradley's ahead 48 percent to 45 percent. But there's a 3.5 margin of error, which means they're essentially tied.Each man has as much to gain or lose from tonight's town meeting as the other. As I said at the outset, this sort of thing doesn't happen often these days.
 So let's get on with it.Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce tonight's two participants. First, Senator Bill Bradley.Senator.And the vice president of the United States, Al Gore.
 Senator.I have a question for both of you that is sparked, in fact, by your kiss to your lovely wife over there. And I assume a kiss going to your lovely wife over there.What kind of a  looking back now, on what we have learned over the past seven years, what kind of a first lady is Tipper Gore going to be if you're elected?
 And I don't mean good or bad. I mean, substantively what kind of a first lady?
 So, active on a social level?
 Seven years ago, Senator Bradley, then-candidate Bill Clinton was telling the American public that they were going to get two for the price of one. What about in your case?
 All right. So much for softball questions from me. Now let's go to the audience. The first question over there, gentleman.
 Senator Bradley, why don't you take the first crack at this one and then Mr. Gore?
 Intrusions into privacy from the media, Mr. Vice President.
 I let them both go because I wanted you to see how skillful they are at beginning with your question and ending up on what they want to talk about. So you're going to have to be awfully good about framing these questions very narrowly.Go ahead. Let's see if you can do it.
 And if I may, gentlemen, if you could go for short answers here because we've got to get to another quick commercial break.After the midnight hour...
 Well, go ahead. [laughter] See how you can do.
 Senator?
 And on that note of tolerance, we're going to take a short break and we'll be right back.[television break]
 And we're back once again from Daniel Webster College in Nashua, New Hampshire with Senator Bill Bradley, Vice President Al Gore. And we have a question over here. Where are you? There you are.
 Mr. Vice President?
 Senator Bradley?
 All right gentlemen, you're both going to hate me for this, but I need shorter answers please. Otherwise, we're never going to get to  and I realize these are, you know, these are enormously complex issues that you're all raising and we can spend an hour and a half talking about any one of them.But to move you along, I'll probably regret asking this question, but both of you have spoken about the media's responsibility without, however, suggesting what you think that responsibility is. What is it?
 To do what?
 Let me ask you just to stop there for a moment. We have to take a break in a little over a minute. What is it you expect of us in the media? What should we be doing?
 What does that mean?
 We just saw the tapes...
 We just saw the tapes, Senator.
 All right. Gentlemen, we have to take another short break, and then our segments will be a little longer. We'll have a chance to get more questions in, and I hope a lot more shorter answers.Back in a moment. [laughter][television break]
 And let me take this opportunity to say to our two guests here, the vice president and Senator Bradley, if you want to ask one another questions at any point during the course of this evening, please feel free to do so. But we're going to start with a question over here.
 Hold your mike up just a little bit more, would you?
 Please...
 Take your pick.
 Hold it. Hold it. Hold it just one second, gentlemen.
 Let me just point out...
 I just want to point out that neither of you answered the question, which was rather a perceptive question of this gentleman. And if I may, I'd like to add a little bit to your question.There's a fellow by the name of Trent Lott. You know him well. Senate majority leader, and likely to be the Senate majority leader next time around, too.The gentleman's question was how are you going to get any of these programs  your program or your program  through the Congress? Neither one of you answered that question.
 Who's question you going to answer here? This gentleman's over here, or...
 He still hasn't answered the young gentleman's question.
 Well that's all right...
 And Vice President ...
 I love sitting up here holding both your coats while the two of you squabble with one another, but let me point out we've got about nine minutes...
 ... and we haven't even answered the first question from the floor. [laughter]But go ahead. Take one more whack. And then let's please go to this gentleman who's standing over there.
 Go ahead.
 All right. Gentlemen, we're going to go to another question if it kills me. Go ahead, sir. I understand you've got a related question here. Throw it in.
 All right. Mr. Vice President, and, please, let us make an effort. I've let both of you go long, but I'm going to start cutting you off.
 We've got a minute and a half, Senator Bradley. Take it.
 Gentlemen, I thank you. We're going to take another short break and then we'll be back for more from Senator Bradley and Vice President Gore.[television break]
 How many questions can two determined candidates answer in 50  five oh  minutes? Answer three. [laughter]We are going to try and do a little bit better, though.Go ahead, ma'am.
 Senator Bradley?
 Mr. Vice President?
 Question over here in the right front.
 Mr. Vice President, you want to go first on this one?
 Senator Bradley.
 You have the next question, ma'am.
 Senator Bradley, why don't you go first on that one?
 Mr. Vice President.
 Question in the rear.
 Senator Bradley had a hard time understanding your question.I believe you said, "It has been said that a presidential election is a battle..."
 "That this presidential election..."
 ... is a battle for America's soul." The gentleman would like to know what you think that means.
 Mr. Vice President, you want to begin this time?
 Senator Bradley, let's hear your take on that. America's soul.
 Let me, if I may, follow-up with a question of my own.There was an ad today in, I believe it was "USA Today," taken by the Siemens Corporation which had sponsored a contest. And they had taken out an ad in which there were the pictures of approximately 60 youngsters who were science contest winners. Sixty.Not one was an African-American, not one was Hispanic, I think about 16 of them were Asian-Americans. A couple of them were Indian-Americans, not American Indians, Indian-Americans. Which says to me that we are failing somehow in terms of educating young African-Americans, young Hispanic Americans in affording them the same opportunities that white kids and other kids have in this country.What are you going to do about that?
 Mr. Vice President, we're out of time for this segment. I know you're going to want to address the same subject.Let's take a break and we'll come back to you on that subject in just a moment.[television break]
 We left off, as you probably know, on the subject of African-Americans, Hispanics, a number of minority groups not having the same advantages in this country and what it is that either one of you  we heard from the vice president, your views on that side.
 Turn your microphone on because I think you turned it off when you went outside.
 You didn't? In that case, can we have a hand mike up here for the vice president because  OK, we're OK.
 Your mike is on. Go ahead.
 Go ahead, sir.Audience Member Yes, my name is Tom Bizante. I work here at Sandries, which is involved in the space programs. In 1960  or in the '60s, President Kennedy took a bold step and announced to the world that he wanted to have a man on the moon before the end of the decade. Are you willing to also take a bold step and leave us with a legacy of having a man on Mars by 2010?
 OK, let me have...
 Let me have Senator Bradley go on the...... position of a manned mission to Mars.
 A question in the aisle.
 Come a little closer, sir.
 Senator Bradley, why don't you take that first.
 Mr. Vice President?
 Gentlemen, we're down to our last couple of questions.And if I may  or our last couple of minutes. And if I may, I'd like to ask you a question myself.I think the differences that we've heard between you this evening, if I may, are less significant, perhaps, or seem less significant to me as a listener than perhaps they are to you as candidates. And therefore, I would like to ask you what it is about you, Senator Bradley, as a person  your own view of yourself as a leader  without getting into policies for a moment, just you as a man  that you think distinguishes you from the vice president here and makes you more fit to be president of the United States.
 Mr. Vice President, we're down to our last 90 seconds. Take as much of it as you want. [laughter]
 You were right.
 You were right. You took it all. [laughter]Take five more seconds and wrap it up.
 We'll be back in a moment.[television break]
 How best to sum up tonight's session in the 15 seconds that they left me? Perhaps the poet said it best Man's reach must exceed his grasp, else what's a heaven for.That's our report for tonight. Sunday's on ABC's The Week, Cokie Roberts sits down for the first interview with the two women who know Governor George W. Bush best his mother, Barbara, and his wife, Laura. That's Sunday on This Week.I'm Ted Koppel in Nashua, New Hampshire. For all of us here at ABC News, good night.
 Good evening and thank you for joining us as we uphold a New Hampshire tradition the town meeting  a direct exchange between voters and candidates a little more than three months before the presidential primary here.
 Audience members submitted their questions for the candidates in advance. WMUR and CNN screened those questions and then picked those for their relevancy and their timeliness. Those questions are what Mr. Bradley and Mr. Gore will face in this next hour.
 So let us begin. Please, state your name and then your question for Mr. Bradley.
 Our next question goes to Mr. Bradley.
 Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
 We have another question from this side of the theater, also for Mr. Gore.
 Thank you, Senator.Next question, please, for Senator Bradley.
 Our next question on this side of the theater for the vice president.
 Our next question is also for Senator Bradley.
 Mr. Vice President...
 Mr. Vice President, thank you. But don't go anywhere, we have another question for you on this side.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator, the next question is for you as well. State your name and your question, please.
 Question, please, for Senator Bradley.
 State your name please and your question for the vice president.
 Thank you, Senator.Our next question goes to the vice president.
 Our next question is actually to both candidates, and we'll take Mr. Gore first.
 Mr. Vice President...
 We're going to give Senator Bradley a chance to respond.
 Thank you very much. We are going to bring our program to a close at this point. We do want to thank Dartmouth College, the voters of New Hampshire, and the candidates who joined us here tonight.
 That's your cue.
 Good evening from the Field House at Washington University in St. Louis. I'm Jim Lehrer of the News Hour on PBS. And I welcome you to this third and final Campaign 2000 debate between the Democratic candidate for president, Vice President Al Gore, and the Republican candidate, Governor George W. Bush of Texas. Let's welcome the candidates now. Before proceeding tonight we would like to observe a moment of silence in memory of Governor Mel Carnahan of Missouri, who along with his son and his former chief of staff, died in a private plane crash last night near St. Louis. A reminder, as we continue now, that these debates are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. The formats and the rules were worked out by the commission and the two campaigns. Tonight's questions will be asked by St. Louis area voters who were identified as being uncommitted by the Gallup organization. Earlier today each of them wrote a question on a small card like this. Those cards were collected and then given to me this afternoon. My job, under the rules of the evening, was to decide the order the questions will be asked and to call on the questioners accordingly. I also have the option of asking follow-ups which -- in order to get to more of the panel's questions. For the record, I plan to do sparingly and mostly for clarifications. The audience participants are bound by the following rule. They shall not ask follow-up questions or otherwise participate in the extended discussion. And the questioner's microphone will be turned off after he or she completes asking the question. Those are the rules. As in Winston-Salem last week, no single answer or response from a candidate can exceed two minutes. There is an audience here in the hall and they have promised to remain absolutely quiet, as did their predecessors this year in Boston, Danville, and Winston-Salem. Before we begin, a correction from last week's debate. I was wrong when I said Vice President Gore's campaign commercials had called Governor Bush a bumbler. That specific charge was made in a press statement by Gore campaign spokesman Mark Fabiani, not in a TV Guide.
 Now, let's go to the first question. Of over the 130 questions we received from this panel, we will begin with one of the 19 on health issues, and it goes to you, Mr. Vice President, and it will be asked by James Hankin. Mr. Hankin?
 Two minutes response, Governor Bush.
 Governor, time is up, sir.
 Just a minute, Mr. Vice President. I want to -- the way the rules go here now, two minutes, two minutes, and then I'll decide whether we go on. Okay. So what I want to make sure is we understand here is before we go on to another question in the health area, would you agree that you two agree on a national patient's bill of rights?
 Sir.
 Governor Bush, you may answer that if you'd like. But also I'd like to know how you see the differences between the two of you, and we need to move on.
 All right. We're going to go now to another -- all right. Yes.
 All right. Another -- the next question also on health issue is from -- it will be asked by Marie Payne Kloep, and it goes to Governor Bush.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Are either of you concerned with -- are either of you concerned with finding some feasible way to lower the price of pharmaceutical drugs such as education on minimizing intake, revamp of the FDA process or streamlining the drug companies' procedures instead of just finding more money to pay for them?
 Vice President Gore, two minutes.
 All right. Another health question, it comes from Vickie French, and it's for you, Vice President Gore. Vickie French, where are you? Oh, there she is.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE You spend billions of dollars every year on taxes, or pay billions of dollars in taxes. Would you be open to the idea of a national health care plan for everybody? And if not, why? If so, is this something you would try to implement if you are elected into office and what would you do to implement this plan?
 Mr. Vice president.
 Time is up. Governor Bush, two minutes.
 Yes, sir, sorry.
 Not right now. Education. These folks submitted 18 questions on education, and the first one is that will be asked on education will go to you, Governor, and asked by Angie Pettig. Angie Pettig, where are you? There she is, Governor, right there.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE I've heard a lot about education and the need to hold teachers and schools accountable, and I certainly agree with that. But as an individual with an educational background, and also a parent, I have seen a lot of instances where the parents are unresponsive to the teachers or flat out uninvolved in their child's education. How do you intend to not only hold the teachers and schools accountable but also hold parents accountable?
 Governor. Vice president Gore.
 Governor, what is your position on that?
 What's the harm on that, what's the other side on that?
 So no vouchers under -- in a Gore administration?
 Andrew Kosberg has a related question on education that's right on this subject. Mr. Kosberg, where are you? And it's for Vice President Gore.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Mr. Vice President, in a school district in which I work and in countless others across the nation, we face crumbling school buildings, increased school violence, student apathy, overcrowding, lack of funding, lawsuits, the list goes on. I could mention low teacher pay but I won't. What can you tell me and my fellow American teachers today about your plans for our immediate future?
 That's a violation of your rule, Vice President Gore.
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 Vice President Gore, is the governor right when he says that you're proposing the largest federal spending in years?
 Governor, the vice president says you're wrong.
 Three times -- excuse me, three times bigger than what President Clinton proposed?
 Yes, sir.
 Governor -- yeah, hold on one second here, thought. The governor just reversed the thing. What do you say specifically to what the vice president said tonight, he said it many, many times, that your tax cut benefits the top 1% of the wealthiest Americans, and you've heard what he said.
 All right. Why shouldn't they?
 Vice President Gore?
 It would be a violation of the rules. They couldn't --
 Quick, and then we're moving on.
 All right.
 Speaking of keepers of the score card, that's what I'm trying to do here Mr. Vice President and Governor Bush. We're gonna move on. We're gonna have to move on. All right, there were 12 questions on foreign and military matters, and the first one that we're going to ask will be directed to you, Governor Bush. And David Norwood is going to ask it. Mr. Norwood, where are you? There you are.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE What would you make -- what would make you the best candidate in office during the Middle East crisis?
 Vice President Gore?
 No, sir. We'll get that -- I'm gonna -- the next question is to you.
 It's a related -- it's a related question that is going to be asked by Kenneth Allen. Mr. Allen?
 Mr. Allen, right there.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Today our military forces are stretched thinner and doing more than they have ever done before during peacetime. I would like to know what you are -- I think we would all like to know what you as president would do to ensure proper resourcing for the current mission and/or more selectively choosing the time and place that our forces will be used around the world.
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 Governor Bush, another kind of gun question. It will be asked by Robert Lutz. Mr. Lutz?MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Governor Bush --
 Excuse me, I'm not sure he's finished with his question.
 Vice President Gore?
 Steve Luecker has a question, and it is for Vice President Gore. Mr. Luecker? There you are.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Vice President Gore. The family farms are disappearing and having a hard time even in the current positive economic environment. What steps would you or your administration take on agricultural policy developments to protect the family farms for this multi-functional service they perform?
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 A quick thing on the inheritance tax. There is a difference between the two of you on this. Vice President Gore?
 What's the case for doing that, Governor?
 Completely.
 New issue. New issue. And the question will be asked by Joyce Cleamer of Governor Bush. Joyce Cleamer? There you are.
 Vice President Gore.
 All right. Vice President Gore, the next question is for you, and it will be asked by Steven Koosmann. Mr. Koosmann, where are you, sir? You're right behind me as well. There we go.
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 Governor Bush, Norma Curby has the next question. And it's for you. Norma Curby, where are you?
 Vice President Gore?
 Governor, what is your -- are you opposed to affirmative action?
 What about -- Mr. Vice President, you heard what he said.
 Let's go on to another --
 The question is for you, Vice President Gore, and Lisa Kee will ask it. Lisa Kee, where are you? There we go, sorry.MEMBER OF AUDIENCE How will your tax proposals affect me as a middle-class, 34-year-old single person with no dependents?
 Governor Bush?
 Governor, next question is for you, and Leo Anderson will ask it. Mr. Anderson. You want a mike?MEMBER OF AUDIENCE In one of the last debates held, the subject of capital punishment came up, and in your response to the question, you seemed overly joyed and as a matter of fact proud that Texas led the nation in the execution of prisoners. Sir, did I misread your response and are you really, really proud of the fact that Texas is number one in executions?
 Vice President Gore?
 Do both of you believe the death penalty actually deters crime? Governor?
 Next question is for you, Vice President Gore, and Thomas Fischer will ask it. Mr. Fischer?MEMBER OF AUDIENCE Yes. My 6th grade class at St. Claire's School wanted to ask of all these promises you guys are making and all the pledges, will you keep them when you're in office?
 Governor Bush.
 Both of you -- both of you on this subject. There are other questions that also go to this skepticism, not necessarily about you, but all people in politics. Why is that?
 We have to go to the closing statements and --
 All right. Now we're going to go to closing statements. Vice President Gore, you're first.
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 A closing piece of business before we go. The Debate Commission wants reaction to the three kinds of formats used in the debates this year, and you may register an opinion at their website at www.debates.org. Vice President Gore, Governor Bush, thank you. And good night from Washington University in St. Louis.
 Let's welcome the candidates, Governor Bush and Vice President Gore. Good evening, from Wake Chapel at Wake Forest University at Winston-Salem, North Carolina. I'm Jim Lehrer of the News Hour on PBS. Welcome to this second election 2000 debate between the Republican candidate for president, George W. Bush of Texas, and the Democratic candidate, Vice President Al Gore. These debates are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. The format and the rules are those negotiated by representatives of the two campaigns. Only the subjects tonight and the questions are mine. The format tonight is that of a conversation. The only prevailing rule is that no single response can ever, ever exceed two minutes. The prevailing rule for the audience here in the hall is as always, absolute quiet, please. Good evening, Governor Bush, Vice President Gore. The end of our 90 minutes last week in Boston, the total time each of you took was virtually the same. Let's see if we can do the same tonight, or come close. Governor Bush, the first question goes to you. One of you is about to be elected the leader of the single-most powerful nation in the world, economically, financially, militarily, diplomatically, you name it. Have you formed any guiding principles for exercising this enormous power?
 Vice President Gore?
 Should the people of the world look at the United States, Governor, and say, should they fear us, should they welcome our involvement, should they see us as a friend, everybody in the world? How would you project us around the world, as president?
 A humble nation.
 Does that give us -- does our wealth, our good economy, our power, bring with it special obligations to the rest of the world?
 Let's go through some of the specifics now. New question. Vice President Gore, the governor mentioned the Middle East. Here we're talking at this stage in the game about diplomatic power that we have. What do you think the United States should do right now to resolve that conflict over there?
 Governor?
 So you don't believe, Vice President Gore, that we should take sides and resolve this right now? A lot of people pushing hey, the United States should declare itself and not be so neutral in this particular situation.
 You agree with that, Governor?
 People watching here tonight are very interested in Middle East policy, and they are so interested they want to base their vote on differences between the two of you as president how you would handle Middle East policy. Is there any difference?
 Saddam Hussein, you mean, get him out of there?
 You feel that is a failure of the Clinton administration?
 Did he state your position correctly, you're not calling for eliminating the sanctions, are you?
 Let's go on to Milosevic and Yugoslavia, and it falls under the area of our military power. Governor, new question. Should the fall of Milosevic be seen as a triumph for U.S. military intervention?
 But you think it would not have happened -- do you think that Milosevic would not have fallen if the United States and NATO had not intervened militarily? Is this a legitimate use of our military power?
 Trying to figure out who the questioner was.
 Well, let's stay on the subject for a moment. New question related to this. I figured this out; in the last 20 years there have been eight major actions that involved the introduction of U.S. ground, air or naval forces. Let me name them. Lebanon, Grenada, Panama, the Persian Gulf, Somalia, Bosnia, Haiti, Kosovo. If you had been president for any of those interventions, would any of those interventions not have happened?
 Sure. Lebanon.
 Grenada.
 Panama.
 Persian Gulf.
 Somalia.
 Bosnia.
 Haiti.
 And then Kosovo.
 We talked about that. Want me to do it with you? Lebanon.
 Sure, absolutely, sure. Somalia.
 What about Lebanon?
 Grenada.
 Panama?
 I do, I do. The Persian Gulf, obviously. And Bosnia. And you have already talked about Kosovo. But the reverse side of the question, Governor, that Vice President Gore mentioned, 600,000 people died in Rwanda in 1994. There was no U.S. intervention, no intervention from the outside world. Was that a mistake not to intervene?
 Do you have any second thoughts on that, based on what you said a moment ago about genocide?
 So what would you say, Governor, that somebody would say hey wait a minute, why not Africa, I mean why the Middle East, why the Balkans, but not Africa, when 600,000 people's lives are at risk?
 Vice President Gore, do you agree with the governor's views on nation building, the use of military, our military, for nation building as he described and defined it?
 You said in the Boston debate, Governor, on this issue of nation building, that the United States military is overextended now. Where is it overextended? Where are there U.S. military that you would bring home if you become president?
 The use of the military, there -- some people are now suggesting that if you don't want to use the military to maintain the peace, to do the civil thing, is it time to consider a civil force of some kind that comes in after the military that builds nations or all of that? Is that on your radar screen?
 In the non-military area of influencing events around the world, the financial and economic are, the World Bank President Wilfinson said recently, Governor, that U.S. contributions to overseas development assistance is lower now almost than it has ever been. Is that a problem for you? Do you think -- what is your -- what is your idea about what the United States' obligations are? I'm talking about financial assistance and that sort of thing to other countries, the poor countries.
 Sure.
 Do you think we're meeting our obligations properly?
 Lets move on. No, let's move on.
 First, a couple of follow-ups from the vice presidential debate last week. Vice President Gore, would you support or sign, as president, a federal law banning racial profiling by police and other authorities at all levels of government?
 And that could be a federal law?
 And you would agree?
 You have a different view of that.
 On hate crimes laws?
 What -- if you become president, Governor, are there other areas, racial problem areas, that you would deal with as president involving discrimination? Like you said, Arab-Americans, but also Hispanics, Asians, as well as Blacks in this country.
 Vice President Gore, what would be on your racial discrimination elimination list as president?
 Hold on one second. What is the misunderstanding? Let's clear this up.
 They were prosecuted under the murder laws, were they not, in Texas?
 Sure.
 And you would support that bill.
 Would you support a national hate crimes law?
 New subject, new question. Another vice presidential debate follow-up. Governor, both Senator Lieberman and Secretary Cheney said they were sympathetically rethinking their views on same sex relationships. What's your position on that?
 Vice President Gore?
 Is that right?
 Do you believe in general terms that gays and lesbians should have the same rights as other Americans?
 Governor?
 Well, but it's a logical response.
 Special rights, how does that affect gays and lesbians?
 New subject, new question, Vice President Gore. How do you see the connection between controlling gun sales in this country and the incidence of death by accidental or intentional use of guns?
 Governor?
 All right. So on guns, somebody wants to cast a vote based on your differences, where are the differences?
 What's that mean?
 Excuse me, you would have to get the license -- a photo I.D. to go in and before you could buy the gun?
 All right. Who would issue the --
 Back to the question about the differences on gun control. What are they, Governor, from your point of view, between you and the Vice President?
 New question. As I was saying. Both of you -- Governor, both of you have talked much about Medicare and health care for seniors. What about the more than 40 million younger Americans who do not have health insurance right now? What would you do about that?
 Some of the 40 million.
 Vice President Gore?
 Governor, did the -- are the vice president's figures correct about Texas?
 Is he right?
 Let's let the governor respond to that. Are those numbers correct? Are his charges correct?
 Let me put that directly to you, Vice President Gore. The reason you brought this up, is it -- are you suggesting that those numbers and that record will reflect the way Governor Bush will operate in this area of health insurance as president?
 Let me ask --
 What is not true, Governor?
 New question, new subject. Vice President Gore, on the environment. In your 1992 book you said, quote, "We must make the rescue of our environment the central organizing principle for civilization and there must be a wrenching transformation to save the planet." Do you still feel that way?
 Governor?
 Explain what a brown field is to those who don't follow this.
 Where do you see the basic difference in very simple terms in two or three sentences between you and the governor on the environment? If a voter wants to make a choice, what is it?
 Would you say it's a fundamental difference?
 Hold on one second.
 We've talked about supply. I just want to know for somebody -- we're getting close to the end of our time here. If somebody wanted to vote on the environment, how would you draw the differences, Governor?
 That was out in the west?
 Would you believe the federal government still has some new rules and new regulations and new laws to pass in the environmental area or do you think --
 What about global warming?
 Global warming, the Senate did turn it down. I think --
 Both of you have now violated -- excuse me. Both of you have now violated your own rules. Hold that thought.
 I know, I know. But under your alls rules you are not allowed to ask each other a question. I let you do it a moment ago.
 Now you just -- twice, sorry.
 That's an interruption, okay. But anyhow, you just did it so now --
 You aren't allowed to do that either, see?  I'm sorry, go ahead and finish your thought. People care about these things I've found out.
 Yeah, right, exactly right. Go ahead.
 New question. Last question. For you, Governor. And this flows somewhat out of the Boston debate. You, your running mate, your campaign officials have charged that Vice President Gore exaggerates, embellishes and stretches the facts, etcetera. Are you -- do you believe these are serious issues? This is a serious issue that the voters should use in deciding which one of you two men to vote for on November 7?
 EITC?
 That's all right.
 Vice President Gore?
 Does that resolve the issue, Governor?
 Does it resolve it for you?
 Your folks are saying some awful things.
 Well, what I mean is calling him a serial exaggerator --
 No, but your campaign ads.
 And your campaign officials have. And your campaign officials, Mr. Vice President, are now calling the governor a bumbler.
 I mean, my point is, should this -- is this --
 It's in your commercial.
 Your --
 Gentlemen, it's time to go to the closing statements. And Vice President Gore, you have two minutes.
 Governor Bush, two minutes.
 And we will return next Tuesday night, October 17th, from Washington University in St. Louis for the third and final debate. Thank you, Vice President Gore, Governor Bush. See you next week. For now, from Winston-Salem, I'm Jim Lehrer, thank you and good night.
 Good evening from the Clark Athletic Center at the University of Massachusetts in Boston. I'm Jim Lehrer of the NewsHour on PBS, and I welcome you to the first of three 90-minute debates between the Democratic candidate for president, Vice President Al Gore and the Republican candidate, Governor George W. Bush of Texas. The debates are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates and they will be conducted within formats agreed to between the two campaigns. We'll have the candidates at podiums. No answer to a question can exceed two minutes. Rebuttal is limited to one minute. But as moderator I have the option to follow up and extend any give and take any three-and-a-half minutes. Even then, no single answer can exceed two minutes. The candidates under their rules may not question each other directly. There will be no opening statements, but each candidate may have up to two minutes for a closing statement. The questions and the subjects were chosen by me alone. I have told no one from the two campaigns, or the Commission, or anyone else involved what they are. There is a small audience in the hall tonight. They are not here to participate, only to listen. I have asked, and they have agreed, to remain silent for the next 90 minutes. Except for right now, when they will applaud as we welcome the two candidates, Governor Bush and Vice President Gore.(Applause)
 And now the first question as determined by a flip of a coin, it goes to Vice President Gore. Vice President Gore, you have questioned whether Governor Bush has the experience to be President of the United States. What exactly do you mean?
 Governor Bush, one minute rebuttal.
 So I take it by your answer, then, Mr. Vice President, in an interview recently with the "New York Times" when you said that you questioned whether or not Governor Bush has experience enough to be president, you were talking about strictly policy differences.
 We're going to get a lot of those.
 Let me just follow up one quick question. When you hear Vice President Gore question your experience, do you read it the same way, that he's talking about policy differences only?
 Three-and-a-half minutes is up. New question. Governor Bush, you have a question. This is a companion question to the question I asked Vice President Gore. You have questioned whether Vice President Gore has demonstrated the leadership qualities necessary to be President of the United States. What do you mean by that?
 One minute rebuttal.
 Your --
 One quick thing, gentlemen. These are your rules. I'm doing my best. We're way over the three minutes. I have no problems with it. We're over the three-and-a-half. Do you want to have a quick response? We're almost to five minutes on this.
 Let me ask you both this and we'll move on on the subject. As a practical matter, both of you want to bring prescription drugs to seniors, correct?
 I have an idea. If you have any more to say about this, you can say it in your closing statements and we'll move on, okay? New question. Vice President Gore. How would you contrast your approach to preventing future oil price and supply problems like we have now to the approach of Governor Bush?
 So if somebody is watching tonight and listening to what the two of you just said, is it fair to say, okay, the differences between Governor Bush and Vice President Gore are as follows. You're for doing something on the consumption end and you're for doing something on the production end?
 How would you draw the difference?
 New question, new subject. Governor Bush. If elected president, would you try to overturn the FDA's approval last week of the abortion pill RU-486?
 Vice President Gore?
 Governor, we'll go to the Supreme Court question in a moment, but make sure I understand your position on RU-486. If you're elected president, you won't support legislation to overturn this?
 That means you wouldn't, through appointments, to the FDA and ask them to --
 On the Supreme Court question. Should a voter assume -- you're pro-life.
 Should a voter assume that all judicial appointments you make to the supreme court or any other court, federal court, will also be pro-life?
 What kind of appointments should they expect from you?
 Is the vice president right?
 Reverse the question. What code phrases should we read by what you said about what kind of people you would appoint?
 Vice President Gore, if President Milosevic of Yugoslavia refuses to leave office, what action, if any, should the United States take to get him out of there?
 Governor Bush, one minute.
 What if he doesn't leave? What if all the diplomatic efforts, all the pressure and he still doesn't go? Is this the kind of thing, and be specific, that you as president would consider the use of U.S. military force to get him gone?
 You wouldn't use force?
 Why not?
 New question. How would you go about as president deciding when it was in the national interest to use U.S. force, generally?
 Vice President Gore, one minute.
 Vice President Gore, how should the voters go about deciding which one of you is better suited to make the kinds of decisions, whether it's Milosevic or whatever, in the military and foreign policy area?
 Governor, how would you advise the voters to make the decision on this issue?
 We are way over three-and-a-half minutes. Go ahead.
 Do you have a problem with that?
 New subject. New question. Should the voters of this election, Vice President Gore, see this in the domestic area as a major choice between competing political philosophies?
 Governor, one minute.
 I want to see if he buys that.
 Having cleared that up, we're going to a new question. Education. Governor Bush. Both of you have promised dramatically to change -- to change dramatically public education in this country. Of the public money spent on education, only 6% of that is federal money. You want to change 100% of the public education on 6% of the money, is it possible to change it?
 All right. So having heard the two of you, the voters have just heard the two of you, what is the difference? What is the choice between the two of you on education?
 Wait a minute, Governor.
 New question. We've been talking about a lot of specific issues. It's often said that in the final analysis about 90% of being the President of the United States is dealing with the unexpected, not with issues that came up in the campaign. Vice President Gore, can you point to a decision, an action you have taken, that illustrates your ability to handle the unexpected, the crisis under fire?
 Governor Bush?
 New question. There can be all kinds of crises, Governor. A questions for you. There could be a crisis, for instance, in the financial area, the stock market could take a tumble, there could be a failure of a major financial institution. What is your general attitude toward government intervention in such events?
 Vice President Gore?
 So, Governor, would you agree there is no basic difference here on intervening -- on federal government intervening in what might be seen by others to be a private financial crisis?
 You may.
 I thought we cleared this up a while ago. New question on Social Security. Both of you have Social Security reform plans, so we could spend the rest of the evening and two or three other evenings talking about them in detail. We won't do that. But --
 Many experts, including Federal Reserve Chairman Greenspan, Vice President Gore, say that it will be impossible for either of you, essentially, to keep the system viable on its own during the coming baby boomer retirement onslaught without either reducing benefits or increasing taxes. You disagree?
 We're almost out of time.
 New question. Are there issues of character that distinguish you from Vice President Gore?
 Vice President Gore?
 So, Governor, what are you saying when you mention the fundraising scandals or the fundraising charges that involve Vice President Gore? What are you saying that the voters should take from that that's relevant to this election?
 In what way?
 Are you saying all this is irrelevant, Vice President Gore?
 Senator McCain -- hold on one second. Senator McCain said in August, "It doesn't matter which one of you is President of the United States in January, there is going to be blood on the floor of the United States Senate," and he'll tie up the Senate until campaign finance reform is passed that includes a ban on soft money. First of all, would you support that effort by him, or would you sign a bill that is finally passed that included --
 On that wonderful note of disagreement, we have to stop here and we want to go now to your closing statements. Governor Bush is first. You have two minutes.
 Vice President Gore, two minutes.
 Good evening, and welcome to the headquarters of the Los Angeles Times. We are here in the Harry Chandler Auditorium. This is the 12th time the Republican presidential candidates have met, and the last time they will answer questions before they compete in their 13 crucial primaries across the country next Tuesday.We want to thank the Los Angeles Times for co-sponsoring this event, which will last 60 minutes, and for which the candidates' staffs have agreed to a few simple rules. The candidates will have one minute to answer each question and 30 seconds to answer a follow-up. The questions will come from our panelists and from me. A draw determined the order of the first round of questions, and we begin with Governor Bush and Jeff Greenfield  Jeff.Greenfield Governor, since Republicans are going to decide who gets the delegates here and in New York, let me channel the question from an undecided Republican. You and Senator McCain are both conservatives. Your policy differences don't seem matters of life and death. You have both been elected and reelected in your home states and you both say, according to the surveys, you'll get the lion's share of the Republican vote, whichever of you is the nominee. But Senator McCain has shown an ability the get independents and Democrats. And if the surveys are right, they'll stay with him in the fall if he is the nominee, but not with you. So unless there is a reason why Senator McCain is unacceptable as a Republican, why shouldn't I go, as an undecided Republican, with a clearly more electable candidate?
 All right, the next question for John McCain from Doyle McManus.Doyle McManus, Los Angeles Times Senator McCain, I want to ask you, in a sense, the flip side, the mirror image of Jeff's question to Governor Bush.Earlier this week, you called Pat Robertson and other leaders of the Christian conservative movement "agents of intolerance." A little later you even called them "evil," although you explained that was a joke. But you do sound as if you have kind of declared war on a large portion of your own party, and it's a portion whose supporters make up a large part of the electorate, including here in California.So what I want to ask you is, can you win the general election in November without the votes of Christian conservatives? If you win the nomination, aren't they likely to stay home or perhaps even vote for Patrick Buchanan?
 Time.Next question for Alan Keyes.Mr. Ambassador, a central target of your campaign has been what you called the moral crisis gripping this country. And yet, all independent surveys show, over the last six, seven, eight years, the abortion rate is down, teen pregnancy rate is down, welfare rolls are down, violent crime rate is down. Now, granted, none of these are acceptable. They're all too high. But my question is, given all of these trends, are you prepared to give the current administration some credit for these very clear improvements?
 Time.
 Mr. Keyes, if a president matters, and I assume that you believe he does, why did all of these indices go down during a Democratic administration, albeit not enough, while they went up during previous Republican administrations?
 Time.
 All right. The next question for Senator McCain.Senator, up until the South Carolina primary, there's no record that I can find of your criticizing either Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell or the religious right. In fact, you appeared on the 700 Club back in 1995. In the last session of Congress, you had a hundred percent rating from the Christian Coalition. You have been consistently supportive of most of their agenda against abortion, against funding for the arts, against including sexual orientation in hate crimes, for school prayer, for the constitutional amendment to outlaw flag burning. My question is, isn't your denunciation three days ago more politically motivated? And does it speak in a more political connotation than the support that you have given these groups for so many years?
 Senator, you called Governor Bush a "Pat Robertson Republican." Are you saying that you believe that Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell would play an active role in a Bush administration?
 All right. Next question, Jeff Greenfield.Greenfield Senator McCain, let's talk about education for a minute. Under your proposal, as I understand it, you favor vouchers to give parents an alternative to the public school system. You talk about taking the money from vouchers from pork barrel. But you leave it to the states to decide whether to use standardized tests to see when parents can bail out. Now the teachers' unions, the public school teachers' unions whose power you deplore, given their power at the state and local level, wouldn't it make sense to have federal mandates for these tests to insulate these states from the power of the teachers' unions?
 Time.
 Doyle McManus.McManus Governor Bush, my question for you is about guns. Over the years, you have opposed requiring...
 Time.
 Jeff Greenfield?Greenfield Ambassador Keyes, this campaign has been surrounded by a lot of talk about religion, so let me broaden it out. Article Six of the Constitution flatly says that there shall be no religious test ever required as a qualification to any office. That's a prohibition on the government. But as an individual matter, if a candidate for office professed to believe in no religion at all, do you think that would be a good and sufficient reason, a justifiable reason, not to vote for that candidate?
 Time.
 Time.
 The next question for Governor Bush.And, Governor, I want to give you a chance to speak up on education, but while we're on the subject of religion there is a religion question I want to pose to you.You have apologized this week to Cardinal O'Connor of New York for not taking on the anti-Catholicism at Bob Jones University when you were there. And yet, there is, as you know, a long-standing anti-Catholic strain among Southern fundamentalists and evangelists  evangelicals, I'm sorry. Billy Sunday, for example, waged a holy war against Al Smith as long ago as 1928. Many people opposed John F. Kennedy when he was running for president. Fundamentalists have long charged that loyalty to the pope, to the Virgin Mary, means that they're not really Christians. My question is, were you unaware of this history when you made the decision to go to Bob Jones?
 Time.
 But you don't regret having gone there?
 All right, we do have an agreement among the candidates that if there is a  an attack...
 Senator McCain, I think we're going to  we do have a disagreement, but I think we're going to wait for you to have your next turn and then you can comment if you would like.
 Doyle McManus has a question.McManus Well, Senator McCain, I'll give you your turn right now, but let me frame it strangely enough as a question about foreign policy. [laughter] We'll see how you can make the move.
 Time.
 Time.All right, Doyle, you have the next question as well.McManus Ambassador Keyes, if you'll allow me to switch subjects, we are in Los Angeles. This is the capital of the world's entertainment industry, and a lot of Americans worried about the texture of our culture, the civil morality point their finger at Hollywood.If you were the president of the United States, a few moments ago you said it wasn't that big a job, it wasn't a job that could do everything. But what specifically would you do to stop what many feel is the coarsening of our culture? What actions would you take?
 Time.
 Time.
 Next question for Governor Bush.Governor, you've said that if China were to forcefully impose its rule over Taiwan, you would see to it, in effect, that the United States came to the defense of Taiwan. In so doing, you departed from a long-standing policy of the United States of ambiguity in such a situation, leaving ambiguous what the United States would do. Are we then to assume that you as president would commit U.S. forces to defend Taiwan?
 The other side of that question, Governor, is what would you do if Taiwan were to declare independence, and as president, would you take steps to discourage them from doing that?
 Jeff Greenfield.Greenfield Senator McCain, it's often been said that when potential presidents speak every word weighs a ton. On occasion, by your own testimony, you have had an occasion to use humor and sometimes it doesn't always go over so well, but today William Bennett  though I think I am paraphrasing what you have said in the past  but today, William Bennett, the former education secretary, the prominent conservative who came very close to endorsing you a few days ago, called some of your comments irresponsible and intemperate. He talks about an emerging pattern with you in which  and this is a quote  "you portray those with whom you disagree as not just wrong, but wicked." And he add, "those who have been drawn to the McCain campaign, now have cause to worry."Now is the temperament, not temper, of a potential president fair game? And should yours be a source of worry?
 Time.
 Governor Bush, you have an opportunity to respond, 30 seconds.
 Jeff, you have the next question?Greenfield Governor Bush, after Governor Ryan of Illinois declared a moratorium on the death penalty because 13 prisoners on death row were released after DNA evidence, you expressed confidence that all of the 121 executions under your watch had been fair.But just yesterday, a prisoner in Texas on death row, a man named Calvin Berdene, I think it's pronounced, was released from prison after a federal judge found that his lawyer had slept through much of the trial. Remarkably, the Texas Criminal Court of Appeals had upheld that conviction, and state prosecutors missed a four-month deadline for granting him a new trial. Press reports say that the idea of lawyers sleeping through death penalty cases is common enough that it's  there's a phrase for that in Texas. It's one of those "sleeping lawyers cases."Now, in light of this, are you still confident that the 458 prisoners on death row have had their legal rights protected in these life and death cases?
 Time.Greenfield But governor, the question in this case is not whether that guy may have in fact, committed the crime, but whether in a capital case, he has been afforded full legal rights. There are states which provide to criminal defense lawyers in capital cases the sums they need to investigate, to deal with witnesses. In your state, many of these lawyers are being paid at barely minimum wage levels, once they get through all the work.My question is, are you convinced that the capital cases under your watch, not just produce the right result, but have protected the rights of the accused?
 Ambassador Keyes, a question  another criminal justice question.As you are well aware, a New York jury this past week returned a verdict acquitting four white New York City police officers in the shooting death of a West African immigrant, Amadou Diallo. He was hit 19 times by the officers, even though he was unarmed. He was carrying a wallet, no weapon. Are you comfortable with that verdict?
 Time.Should there be, Mr. Ambassador, an automatic federal Justice Department review in a case like this, where you have alleged police abuse and the verdict goes in favor of the police?
 Doyle McManus, next question.McManus Senator McCain, to try to get a real debate going here tonight, I would like to ask you to answer the same question about Taiwan and China policy that was posed earlier to Governor Bush.Now, Taiwan is going to have a presidential election this spring. There's a lot of pro-independent sentiment on that island. If the people of Taiwan, through a democratic process, whether through their election or a referendum, move toward declaring independence from China, would you act as president to stop them? to dissuade them? or would you step in and protect them?
 Time.Governor Bush, another  I have another long-winded question. You and Senator McCain argue over who is the real reformer, including on the issue of campaign finance reform. Now the Supreme Court recently again upheld limits on campaign contributions, and yet you have suggested that any such limits violate free speech. Do you  my question is, do you, therefore, disagree with Justice Souter writing for six justices, including the chief justice, that leaving the perception of impropriety jeopardizes our democracy? In other words, do you think there should be no contribution limits at all, that people who are wealthy should be able to give as much as they want to you or any other candidate?
 Time. Governor, are you saying then that you  that people who give hundreds of thousands of dollars, even millions of dollars, to campaigns, that these folks honestly believe, whether it's a Carl Lindner or a Dwayne Andreas or a trial lawyers' association, some other group, that they expect nothing in return for these gifts?
 To a political party you can.
 Which then funnels to the campaign.
 Jeff Greenfield.Greenfield Governor Bush, you wanted the chance a couple of minutes ago to talk about education, so here we go.One of the central objections that conservatives had about federal aid to education back in the '60s was it was going to come with strings attached. As soon as Washington gives money, they're going to tell the states what to do. Unlike Senator McCain, your proposal, that would permit students to opt out of public schools in states, requires federally standardized tests.
 Time.
 Doyle.McManus Ambassador Keyes, to borrow a phrase from my friend Jeff Greenfield here, there's an elephant in this room that we haven't talked about but it's a wee little elephant. It's the limited success of your campaign in attracting votes. And I'd like to ask you about that. What does that mean? What has gone wrong? Is the Republican electorate  it is Republicans you're appealing to  you've been very eloquent throughout this entire campaign, but they're not flocking to your standard. Are they rejecting the message or are they rejecting the messenger?
 Time.
 Time.
 Doyle.
 Doyle, you have a follow-up.
 We're going to have move on here with a follow-up.
 Time.
 Senator McCain, you get 30 seconds to comment.
 Time.
 Thank you.
 Jeff.Greenfield Senator McCain, whenever you're asked why so many congressional Republicans, your colleagues, people you have worked with, have supported Governor Bush, the answer that you say is it's because you're trying to break through the iron triangle, they're captives of soft money.More than 40 House Republicans who support Governor Bush voted for the most sweeping campaign finance reform bill in years, the Shays-Meehan bill. They include Congressman Shays, a man who not only wrote that bill, but has spent much of the past couple of years fighting the congressional leadership. So if these folks who clearly are not part of the iron triangle, or at least are willing to vote to break it, if they're not standing with you, if they're going with Governor Bush, how come?
 Time.
 Time.Governor Bush, you have a 30-second comment.
 Did you want to follow up, Jeff?Greenfield Yes, on a follow up, Senator McCain, should you happen to win the presidency, the reforms that you advocate can't happen unless you get the Congress to work with you. Now, you have described yourself as frequently the also-ran in the miss congeniality contest. But nothing can happen with the Congress unless the president has a power to persuade. Given the mass endorsements of your opponent, even though these people have worked with you, should that give voters pause about whether you can actually get something through the Congress should you be the president?
 All right, time.All right, we just have time for one last question, and I'm going to take the privilege of asking all three of you to comment. We're interested in knowing how much each one of you uses the Internet, how much time do you spend on it, how much do you know about it?We'll start with Ambassador Keyes.
 How about the Internet?
 Do you enjoy the Internet?
 Do you enjoy the Internet?
 Governor Bush, what do you think about the Internet?
 Do you go online?
 How familiar are you with the World Wide Web?
 Senator McCain?
 We are now at the point where we would like all three of you to give your closing statement and we're going to begin  and by the draw that was done before the program, Ambassador Keyes goes first.
 Senator McCain.
 Governor Bush.
 Time. Governor Bush, Senator McCain, Ambassador Keyes, thank you all, gentlemen. Thank you all, three for being with us. Thank you, our panelists, Jeff and Doyle. And especially we want to thank "The Los Angeles Times" for co-sponsoring this evening. Please stay tuned for a special post-debate edition of LARRY KING LIVE with special guest host Wolf Blitzer. I'm Judy Woodruff, and good night from the Harry Chandler Auditorium at "The Los Angeles Times."King Tonight, a crucial debate for the three remaining Republican presidential candidates. Joining me in South Carolina, site of Saturday's GOP primary, Senator John McCain of Arizona; former Reagan administration official, Ambassador Alan Keyes; and Texas Governor George W. Bush. They're next on a special edition of "LARRY KING LIVE Election 2000." This is the South Carolina Republican debate.Good evening. A couple of notes before we start. We're at Seawell's Banquet Center here in Columbia, South Carolina, the capital of this state. This event tonight is sponsored by BIPEC. That's the South Carolina Business and Industry Political Education Committee. This is the second such event they've held. They held one four years ago.We are live, as you can tell. There is an audience here of people enjoying it. We have asked them to remain attentive so that you can listen to everything our guests say.A couple of other notes  this is going to be a free-wheeling debate. If one guest wishes to comment on what another says after they finish, they can. We're going to cover as many subjects as we can for the next 90 minutes.There will be only two commercial breaks at 930 Eastern Time, the bottom of the hour, a two-minute break, and at 10 o'clock Eastern Time, a two-minute break.And one personal note If I cough a little, forgive me. I've got a scratchy throat tonight.We'll start with Governor Bush. Since we're being seen all over the world  we're on CNN International  what area of American international policy would you change immediately as president?
 Good evening and thank you for joining us for this final round of presidential debates before Tuesday's primary here in New Hampshire. This evening we offer voters in this state and across the nation an unusual opportunity to see Republicans square off and then the Democrats on the same night in back-to-back debates.
 The Republican contenders will go first. During the next 90 minutes, Karen and I will be posing different questions to each of these candidates. Then we will ask questions that all the candidates will answer. The candidates will also have time to question one another and then to give closing remarks.
 We want to welcome the five Republican candidates who are with us here tonight. Former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer. Senator John McCain of Arizona. Texas Governor George W. Bush. Publisher Steve Forbes. And former State Department official Alan Keyes. By draw, we determined that we would begin the questioning with Gary Bauer.Good evening, Mr. Bauer.
 Good. Let me ask you this. There's been relatively little discussion on the issue of health care between the Republican candidates for president. Here in New Hampshire, 73 percent of uninsured families have at least one family member who is working full time, yet they cannot afford coverage for their families, which would cost anywhere from $7,000 to $10,000 a year. What do you propose to help these families?
 A follow-up question, specifically aimed now at long-term care.
 In New Hampshire, according to Citizens for Long-Term Care, 8,000 people reside in nursing facilities, 25,000 more receive care from home health care agencies. It's really not an elder issue. There are many young people who suffer from disabilities or chronic illness. There are also those who suffer from Alzheimer's.Long-term care often forces patients into poverty. So what do you specifically propose on long-term care that would help these patients and their families?
 Thank you.
 Governor Bush, if you could write a two-sentence amendment to the United States Constitution on abortion, what would it be?
 So will the Republican Party platform plank on abortion be your bible?
 Mr. Keyes, you advocate a national sale's tax to replace the federal income tax. Let's assume for a moment that Congress doesn't pass your national sales tax plan. What then? What would be your fall-back position on taxes?
 Can you offer us some more specifics on your national sales tax proposal? Is it a tax on goods and services? And what percentage would you put on that tax?
 Senator McCain, you have an ad running here in New Hampshire underscoring your service in uniform.But one of the implications is that Bush, Forbes, Keyes and Bauer would be lesser leaders. Is that fair?
 Is not having served in the military a handicap?
 Good evening, Mr. Forbes.
 India's nuclear testing in 1998 prompted the United States to impose economic sanctions.President Clinton is expected to visit India in March, and administration officials now talk of wanting closer relations.Is it time to lift those economic sanctions and resume two-way trade with India  trade, I might add that's worth about $10 billion a year?
 You have indicated that you don't work in cases such as this.But since that is what was imposed against India, would you then advocate lifting those economic sanctions at this point in time?
 Thank you.
 Beginning with Governor Bush, this next question is for all candidates to respond to.According to population experts, within years, whites will no longer be the racial majority in the United States of America. Should our national dialogue drop the words minority, majority?
 Mr. Keyes.
 Senator.
 Mr. Forbes.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Thank you.We're now going to move to a round where candidates are allowed to question each other by draw.Mr. Keyes, you get the first question.
 Mr. Forbes, you get the next question.
 Thank you very much. Senator McCain, you get the next question.
 Governor Bush, you get to ask the next question.
 You get a follow-up, Governor.
 Mr. Bauer, you get the last question in this round of candidate questioning and it will go to Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you very much.We're going to move to the next round. One question  you all will have an opportunity to answer it, 30 seconds each.The president tomorrow night is expected in his State of the Union message to propose federal subsidies to help low income families overcome the so-called "digital divide."Is it an appropriate use of government funds to hand out computers and provide Internet access to those who can't afford it? And if not, why not?We will begin with Mr. Keyes.
 Senator McCain.
 Thank you.Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you.Mr. Bauer.
 Governor Bush.
 Now questions from we moderators, for you candidates.
 Senator McCain.
 You and President Clinton propose setting aside about two-thirds of the federal budget surplus and making it off limits for tax cuts. What do you say to critics who say your tax plan looks too much like President Clinton's?
 But if this budget surplus...
 Projected surplus...
 Is less  is less  if it's less, what do you do?
 Than what's projected.
 Mr. Forbes, NASA has all but given up on its Mars explorer, Mars lander that is, a $165 million loss. It is the second such high profile Mars mission that's gone bust.If you are elected president, would you encourage continued funding for Mars exploration?
 Well, then let me follow up with a question as to how aggressive America would  America's space program would be in the 21st century, if you should become president?
 Thank you.
 Gary Bauer, six loyal and six capable Republicans dropped out of this race for your party's nomination. A prime reason, the front-loaded campaign calendar, not to mention money. Is it time to change the process?
 If it becomes clear that you would not win your party's presidential nomination, when would you drop out?
 Governor Bush, last week in New Hampshire, the wind chill temperature dropped in some places to 30 below. Also last week, home heating oil prices spiked 40 percent to where it now averages $1.72 a gallon. There are shortages of heating oil and kerosene and diesel fuel.Yesterday, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said he would not tap U.S. strategic petroleum reserves in order to drive down prices, saying those reserves are for emergencies. But given the shortages that exist, do you consider this an appropriate time to tap those reserves?
 Let me follow up by asking what pressures  specifically what pressures should be brought on OPEC nations to lift those production curbs?
 Thank you.
 Mr. Keyes, what is your position on the death penalty?
 In particular, in your judgment, what should be the minimum  the minimum death penalty age for young felons convicted of deadly crime?
 Beginning with Mr. Forbes, this question for all candidates.Should it be a felony for the president to lie to the American people?
 Ambassador.
 Senator McCain.
 Senator McCain, it is your turn now to lead the part of the debate that all of you candidates seem to enjoy most questioning one another.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Governor Bush, you get to ask the next question.
 Governor Bush, you have a rebuttal to that. Thirty seconds.
 Time's up.
 Mr. Keyes, you get the next question.
 Mr. Forbes, it's your turn to ask a question of Mr. Bauer.
 Mr. Bauer, for Mr. Keyes.
 Question.
 Senator McCain, because of Mr. Keyes references to you, you've earned a rebuttal, 30 seconds.
 Thank you. We're going to move on now.
 We're going to move on to a question that all of you will have an opportunity to answer, 30 seconds each, beginning with Mr. Bauer. The question is this The Commission for Presidential Debates has issued its criteria for determining which candidates will be admitted to the nationally televised debates this fall. One of the requirements is that all candidates must be showing 15 percent in the polls. Some feel that 15-percent rule has the potential to exclude independent candidates, specifically the Reform Party nominee. Do you think that's fair?
 Governor.
 Mr. Keyes.
 Senator McCain.
 Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you...
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes...
 We're going to move on now to another round of questions from the moderators.
 Governor Bush, the federal sentencing guidelines, which are applied for all federal convictions, have been criticized by many federal judges for being too inflexible and for not allowing a sentencing judge to take into account all relevant circumstances in passing sentence.Should we restore greater discretion to the judiciary in deciding the appropriate sentence in each case?
 Under the guidelines that exist, though, many non-violent first time offenders are incarcerated. Is that necessary or appropriate?
 Thank you.
 Mr. Keyes, in the interest of human rights, should the United States government fully open to the world its files on General Augusto Pinochet, the former dictator of Chile?
 Could the United States be culpable in the disappearance of thousands of Chileans under the Pinochet regime?
 Senator McCain, I want to return to a subject matter you alluded to earlier in our debate. The U.S. Supreme Court this week upheld the rights of states to cap the amount of an individual's contributions to political candidates. The court rejected the notion that contributions deserve First Amendment free speech protection.Although the court didn't address the issue of soft money contributions, is this court's ruling seen as a stepping stone, in your eyes, to further campaign finance reform?
 Let me follow-up by asking you then, Senator, by and large the Republican establishment opposes the campaign finance reforms that you propose. Why is that?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Time. Governor Bush, I'm going to give you 30 seconds.
 Thank you.McCain we're going to  John McCain, we're going to give you 30 seconds to rebut.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Steve Forbes, this question for you.If local and network television were to grant presidential candidates five minutes  five minutes of free air time, collectively, in prime time, nightly, would you forego using 30-second ads?
 Mr. Forbes, I'm confused by part of your answer. At one point you said you broke the rules here. Were you referring to the way this debate is being conducted?
 What was agreed to, sir  what was agreed to, sir, was that if one of you attacked the other, the person being attacked would have a chance to respond for 30 seconds.
 Mr. Bauer, you have said that you would require a litmus test for your Supreme Court nominees on the issue of abortion.
 How far would you take that litmus test? Would you also require it for your secretary of education, your secretary of state, your secretary of defense and others?
 Mr. Bauer, since you have criticized Governor Bush about his stance on abortion, are you willing to say right now that you would not consider him for a post in your administration?
 Thank you very much.We are now going to move to closing statements from the candidates.
 Thirty seconds each, beginning with you, Mr. Forbes.
 Time.
 Senator McCain.
 Time.
 Mr. Keyes.
 Governor.
 Mr. Bauer.
 That concludes our Republican debate. Karen and I thank each of you, the candidates.
 Thanks for being with us once again for our second presidential debate. Last week we had the Democrats seeking their party's nomination for the presidency. And this week we have the Republican candidates, who are seeking the support of Iowans in the January 24 caucuses.The candidates with us today are Gary Bauer, Steve Forbes, Senator Orrin Hatch, Governor George W. Bush, Ambassador Alan Keyes and Senator John McCain.Gentlemen, thanks for being with us today. The questions you'll be asked have all come from Iowans. They've come from hundreds who have submitted questions to me  readers of the Register. And you'll have a minute for each of your answers. And then as time allows, we'll give you 30 seconds for a rebuttal.By the way, our debates are being closed captioned. And in some areas, they're being translated into Spanish.We're going to get started with opening statements before the questions. And the opening statements will be one minute in length. And let's begin with Governor Bush. The order was determined by a drawing.So Governor, one minute.
 OK, thank you very much.Senator Hatch.
 Thanks, Senator.Gary Bauer, your opening statement.
 Thanks, Mr. Bauer.Steve Forbes, your opening statement.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Senator McCain.
 OK, Senator, thank you very much.Now Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you, Ambassador.OK, well now we'll move to questions. They've all come from Register readers and Iowans.Our first question is from Richard Timyer of Burlington, Iowa, and here's what he wrote to me I have an 87-year-old father who has Parkinson's Disease and a 47-year old brother with Down's Syndrome, who has lost his Medicaid coverage. The cost of long-term residential care simply can't be managed by families such as mine. As president, what steps would you take to ensure that affordable, long-term care is available to anybody who needs it, regardless of age or income?Mr. Bauer, you're first with one minute.
 OK. Senator Hatch.
 Thanks, Senator.Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you.Senator McCain?
 Thank you, Senator.Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you, sir.Governor Bush.
 OK, thank you, Governor.You each have 30 seconds for a follow up answer.Mr. Bauer.
 OK.Senator Hatch.
 Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you, Ambassador.And we'll go now to Senator McCain.
 Thank you, Senator.LOSER... we won't reach agreements.
 All right, Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you.Governor Bush.
 Thank you.Now we're going to have some fun. Each of you will have a chance to ask a question of one of the others. And we'll begin  and by the way, the pairings were determined by a drawing. And you'll have 30 seconds to ask your question. Your opponent will have a minute to answer. And then you'll have 30 seconds for a follow-up question.We will begin with Mr. Bauer, who will have 30 seconds to ask a question of Senator Hatch.
 OK, Senator, thank you.Now, we'll go to Ambassador Keyes who will ask a question of Governor Bush.Ambassador.
 May we have your question, please.
 Governor.
 Ambassador, a follow-up?
 OK. [laughter] Very good. [laughter]Senator McCain, your response to Gary Bauer, please. Or your question.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.OK, now we'll go to Senator Hatch. He'll have a question for Steve Forbes.
 Can we have your question, quickly, please?
 OK. Mr. Forbes, you may now ask a question of Ambassador Keyes.
 A follow-up?
 OK, Governor Bush, you may ask a question of Senator McCain.
 Thank you, Senator.We'll undoubtedly get back to taxes a little bit later.Last week the Register reported that almost half of the farm subsidies paid out from 1996 to 1998 went to just 10 percent of the total recipients. That concerns Iowans like Robert Rower of Paulina. And he wrote to me, "Since the family farmer is self-employed, would you be willing to cap government agricultural benefits to a modest, one family level?"The first answer to this question will be Steve Forbes'. Mr. Forbes?
 Thank you.Senator Hatch, how about capping benefits to our...
 Senator McCain.
 Thank you.Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you.Governor Bush.
 Thank you.Mr. Bauer.
 Mr. Forbes, 30 seconds more.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Senator Hatch.
 Senator McCain?
 Thank you, Senator.Ambassador Keyes.
 Governor Bush.
 Thank you, Governor.And Gary Bauer.
 OK. Thank you very much. I'd now like to introduce a student from an Iowa community college for a question for you all. He's Adam Glawe of Peyton, Iowa. He's a participant in The Register's students and the caucuses program. Adam's a student at Des Moines Area Community College.And Adam, thanks for being with us this morning. Go ahead and ask your question.Glawe Thank you. During a December debate here in Iowa, each of you was asked who you consider to be your role model as a political philosopher or thinker. How specifically would you as president improve the dignity of the Oval Office and restore the moral excellence of our great nation?
 Thank you very much for the question. Mr. Bauer, you're first with an answer, please.
 Thank you.Senator Hatch.
 Ambassador Keyes.
 Senator McCain.
 Governor Bush.
 Thank you very much.Mr. Forbes.
 Thanks, Mr. Forbes.LOSER... power over your own lives, and to restore America.
 Let me now introduce our second student. She is Jessie Clark of Ankeny. And she's also a student at Des Moines Area Community College.Jessie, thanks for being with us today. Go ahead and ask your question.Clark Thank you.I've been watching the debates. And I've been hearing some candidates talking about increasing the federal role in state-funded education. And I'm very concerned about the government over-stepping it's constitutional bounds. And I was wondering how much power do you think the federal government should have over state education, within the frame of the Constitution, of course?
 Thank you, Jessie.Again, we will start with Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you.Ambassador Keyes.
 Senator McCain.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Thank you.Governor Bush.
 Thank you.Senator Hatch.
 OK, thank you, Senator.I know you've been eager to get back into the tax area  a hot issue in the last couple of weeks, particularly. And Bernard Hayes of Cedar Rapids is going to aim you just in that direction.He wants to know what's so fair about married couples and families paying an additional tax of $1,400 a year.Senator McCain.
 Ambassador Keyes.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.Senator Hatch.
 Thank you, Senator.Mr. Forbes.
 Governor Bush.
 Senator McCain, 30 seconds on this.
 Ambassador Keyes.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Senator Hatch.
 Thank you.Mr. Forbes.
 Governor.
 In 20 seconds governor.
 Let's move on to the next question, gentlemen. Thank you very much.
 This  this question's from David Clark of Carroll, Iowa. And he asked this  listen carefully, gentlemen. [laughter]We have a little mini-debate over here.Here's the question. How do you post the Ten Commandments in schools without telling children who are not in the Judeao-Christian heritage that their form of religious expression is invalid?Let's begin with Mr. Forbes.
 OK, Senator Hatch.
 Thank you, Senator.LOSER... shown to our kids.
 OK, Senator McCain.
 Thank you.Ambassador Keyes.
 Governor Bush.
 Thank you very much. We've got time for one question.
 Oh, I'm sorry...
 Thank you very much. And I'm sorry about...
 We have time for one more question, but we will just to have quick answers of 30 seconds each.This is from Burt Miller of Mount Pleasant and he asks, "Do you think tougher laws are needed to protect our environment?"Governor Bush.
 Thank you, Governor.Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.
 OK. Mr. Bauer.
 Senator Hatch.
 Thanks, Senator.Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ambassador.Senator McCain.
 Thank you, Senator.We're going to have to trim the closing remarks and keep them very brief to just 30 seconds.I apologize for that, but we're running out of time.Governor Bush.
 Thank you Governor.Mr. Forbes.
 Thanks, Mr. Forbes.Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you Ambassador.Senator McCain.
 Thank you, Senator.LOSER... to causes greater than their self-interest.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.Senator Hatch.
 Thank you, Senator.That concludes our Republican presidential debate. We certainly appreciate all of the candidates for being with us today. It's been a wonderful experience for us, and I hope for all of you as well.I'd like to thank the staff of Iowa Public Television for their efforts in broadcasting this event. And I'd like to thank my colleagues at the Des Moines Register for their hard work in doing all of the many things necessary to make such an event like this happen.Make sure to mark January 24th in your calendars and participate in your party's precinct caucuses. Goodbye.Russert Good evening and welcome. First, let's meet the candidates Gary Bauer, John McCain, George W. Bush, Steve Forbes, Alan Keyes and Orrin Hatch. Gentlemen, welcome all.And our panelists tonight, from Wood TV-8, Suzanne Geha and Rick Albin. Welcome both.There will be three segments tonight. The first, the journalists will ask the candidates questions. The second, the candidates will ask each other questions. And the third, we have questions from the students of Calvin College.The first question is for Governor Bush. Governor Bush, Steve Forbes has an ad running on television right now which says the following "There's something you need to know about George W. Bush. In 1994, he signed a pledge with my organization that he would not support sales tax or business tax increases. In 1997, he broke his pledge. He proposed an increase in the business tax and sales tax."And they provide the documentation with your signature. Is that in fact an accurate statement?
 Good evening and welcome, on behalf of NBC News, MSNBC, and WIS TV in Columbia, South Carolina  a big night in a big state, considered politically the gateway to the American South for its presidential primary February 19th.Stanton Next month South Carolinians will decide who they want to be the Republican nominee. And since 1980, the very first Republican primary here in South Carolina, won by Ronald Reagan, no Republican has won its party's nomination without first winning here in South Carolina.
 Tonight we are going to hear from all six men vying for the GOP nomination for president. Let's meet each one of them now. Alan Keyes, former assistant secretary of State and ambassador under Ronald Reagan.  U.S. Senator John McCain from the state of Arizona. [applause and cheers] Former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer. [applause and cheers] The governor of the state of Texas, George W. Bush. [applause and cheers] Steve Forbes of the magazine of the same name. [applause and cheers] And from the state of Utah, U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch.Stanton We had drawings to determine the order of the questions, and each candidate will have 45 seconds to answer most questions. And we begin with a question for each candidate, beginning with Ambassador Keyes. Ambassador Keyes, last night you asked where all the conservatives have gone. If you had a choice between eight more years of a Democratic president or eight years of a pro-choice Republican, which would you choose?
 Ambassador Keyes, thank you. Next question to Senator McCain. Senator, I am reading from the Associated Press a few minutes ago this evening, and I read, in quotes, "Two weeks after Ameritech's chairman held a fundraiser for him, Senator John McCain sent a stinging letter to federal regulators accusing them of being unfair toward the phone company." Senator, your letter went on to say that the letter was not meant to benefit any one single person. And you have said in your own defense that this is part of what is wrong with Washington. However, do you understand now the appearance here, and can you tell us here tonight is there anything else about the transportation you use, about the letters you have written, anything else that you know of that is about to come out?
 Time is up, senator. Thank you, sir.
 Governor Bush, a few blocks from here on top of the State Capitol Building, the confederate flag flies with the state flag and the U.S. flag. [booing] It is, as you can here from the reaction of tonight's  [booing]  it is, as you can here from the reaction of tonight's crowd of 3,000 people from South Carolina, a hot button issue here. The question is Does the flag offend you personally?
 No, I am asking you about your personal feelings.
 If I may 
 As an American citizen, do you have a visceral reaction to seeing the confederate flag? [booing]
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes. Tonight we're also going to be taking some emails. This particular one comes into us from Carla Hardee of South Carolina Forty, fifty, even sixty years ago, when a man entered the military he did so with commitment. Along with this he was promised commitment by the government. One of the promises made was medical for himself and his dependents. If elected, Senator Hatch, what would you do specifically to reinstitute the lifetime benefits veterans are entitled to by having placed their lives in the hands of the United States government? What attraction would you offer for new enlistees to encourage a stronger and more vital military presence?
 We'd like now to enter a brief phase of short questions and rapid-fire answers  gentlemen, if you could, answers of one to two seconds in length. [laughter] We will begin with Senator  one to two sentences. We will settle for one to two sentences in length if you must. Senator McCain, you will begin. All gentlemen will answer this first question Has affirmative action made America a better nation?
 Gary Bauer.
 Yes.
 Governor Bush?
 Mr. Forbes?
 Senator Hatch?
 Ambassador Keyes?
 Mr. Bauer, thank you. Now Senator Hatch has a question for Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you, Governor Bush. Ambassador Keyes, it is your turn to ask a question of Senator McCain.
 And so we continue, well, I think with a few exceptions perhaps, from Columbia, South Carolina tonight. We're going to take a break. Our coverage of our debate this evening, part of Decision 2000, will continue right after this.[television break]
 And welcome back. On behalf of NBC News, MSNBC and WIS Television in Columbia, South Carolina, this is our live coverage of this evening's debate among the six presidential candidates for the GOP nomination for president. We are back. David Stanton will continue the questioning.Stanton And the next question is a question from Mr. Bauer to ask of Governor Bush.
 Gentlemen, thank you. Again, this question will be for all of you. And we are also joined tonight by reporter Stephanie Trotter of our NBC television station in Greenville, South Carolina, WYFF.Trotter Thank you, Brian. Gentlemen, I'm curious. As an adult, what is the biggest mistake that you've made, and what lesson did you learn from it?
 No, we're going to begin with Senator Hatch.
 The question is  if we could have Stephanie Trotter repeat the question one more time on the microphone.Trotter Our viewers would like to know, what is the biggest mistake you made as an adult, and what lesson did you learn from it?
 Ambassador Keyes, same question.
 Thank you, Mr. Ambassador.
 Mr. Ambassador 
 Mr. Ambassador, thank you 
 Thank you for your answer.
 Mr. Ambassador, thank you for your answer.  Senator McCain.
 Senator McCain, thank you.  Mr. Bauer.
 Mr. Bauer, thank you. Governor Bush.
 Haven't we all, sir?
 Thank you, Governor. Mr. Forbes.
 Mr. Forbes, thank you.  Our next pairing of sorts will be Senator McCain and Governor Bush. And gentlemen, starting with the senator, the subject again is taxes.
 Senator, thank you. Governor?
 Senator 
 Senator Hatch, thank you.  Now we  we go back now to the format of one candidate asking a question of the other now. Governor Bush with a question for Senator Hatch.
 Senator, on that note  [laughter and applause]
 We give you credit for mixing in foreign policy tonight.
 Could we give Senator McCain 30 seconds to respond  get a response from Senator McCain?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator, a few seconds. Gentlemen, we've got to move on, and the next question is from Senator McCain for Mr. Forbes.
 That concludes the question-and-answer    thank you, Mr. Bauer. That concludes the question-and-answer format for this debate. It is now time for our closing statements. Each candidate will have 45 seconds. We're going to begin this evening with Mr. Forbes.
 Mr. Forbes, thank you.  Mr. Forbes, thank you. Senator Hatch.
 Senator Hatch, thank you.  Ambassador Keyes.
 Ambassador Keyes, thank you.  Senator McCain.
 Senator McCain, thank you. And Mr. Bauer.
 Thank you, Governor Bush.  Thank you all for attending this debate with us. And that is our time for tonight. On behalf of NBC News, MSNBC and WIS television in Columbia, South Carolina, I'm BrianMODERATOR for David Stanton and all the folks gathered here tonight in Columbia, South Carolina. Good night, everybody.
 Good evening from Des Moines. In just six weeks in the balmy closing days of January, out here in the nation's heartland, the good people of Iowa, hundreds of thousands of them, will gather in caucuses across this state  Democrats and Republicans alike. They will gather in city halls and in churches and in school buildings, also in kitchens. They'll discuss politics and they will decide who they'd like to have be their next president of the United States.And tonight, on this stage for the first time in Iowa in this electoral season, we have all six of the Republican presidential candidates for what we know will be a spirited 90 minutes. John.BACHMAN Well the Iowa Caucuses are a unique part of the American political process, and in more than 21 precincts  2,100 precincts across our state, neighbors will gather to conduct party business. And as Tom said, to express their presidential preference. And because these are the first in the nation caucuses, their influence extends well beyond the Iowa borders, Tom.
 And we're going to try to do something a little different tonight to engage all of you in this process, and with the cooperation of the candidates as well, will not have any bells or buzzers to signal the end of their time. We have asked them to confine their questions  their answers to one minute, and any follow-up response to about 30 seconds. Now, there are no trapdoors beneath their seats so if they go over that we're going to have find a way to cut them off and move on. And we're going to move through this tonight by not going just in auto-rotation. We will have questions for the various candidates. Everyone will get a fair shake this evening, but we're not going to go in rote step.BACHMAN We have some questions from viewers and we will work them in throughout the course of the evening. The candidates will be able to ask one question of another candidate and each candidate will have 60 seconds for a closing statement. And in the audience tonight are guests of the Iowa Republican Party, and also guests of WHO-TV.
 John, let's begin by introducing the people that we've all come here to hear tonight. Beginning at my left, Steve Forbes, a well-known publisher who is running for a second time here in Iowa; Alan Keyes, former assistant secretary of state and ambassador; George W. Bush, the governor of the state of Texas.BACHMAN Next to him, the senior U.S. senator from Utah, Orrin Hatch. Also with us, the senior U.S. senator from Arizona, John McCain; and former Reagan administration official, Gary Bauer. Tom.
 Gentlemen let's begin. Today Time magazine, the newspapers and television and radio were filled with the blood-chilling accounts of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold and the videotapes that they left behind before they engaged in that cold-blooded massacre at Columbine High School. In those videotapes, they invoke guns and video games and movies. Now if past patterns are any guide, all three of those industries will disclaim any responsibility for what happened at Littleton High School.Senator McCain, first of all, welcome to Iowa.MCCAIN Nice to be back. [Laughter]
 Do you think that the gun industry, the video game industry and Hollywood have any role in what happened at Columbine High?MCCAIN Absolutely. And there's one other group of Americans and that is families  families and communities and neighborhoods  because that's where the responsibility begins and ends.But I've been saying for a long time, Tom, that it's not just the availability of guns, although obviously it existing laws have to be enforced and we have to do other things such as pursue technology that only allows the owner of a gun to fire it.But we've all known that there's very pernicious influences that are being felt by our children. In this tapes you were describing they talk about a specific video game and a specific character in that game. That should chill us all. We parents should know what arechildren are seeing. When Cindy and I come home, our kids are in their rooms on the Internet. I can't tell you I always know why my children are watching. I can't tell you exactly what they're seeing when they go to the mall. It's my responsibility.But I believe that when we're wiring every school and library in America to the Internet, that each of those schools and libraries should have filtering software to filter out that stuff. About a year ago there was a young boy in the Phoenix library that was watching pornography at the Phoenix library on the Internet. He walked out and molested a 4-year-old boy.There is an influence. We need to know what it is, and we need to know why we're robbing our children of the most precious treasure and that's their innocence.
 Governor Bush, when your father became president, he promised the nation that he would try to have a kinder, gentler nation, and despite his best efforts, things are a lot worse off now than they were when he took office. Is there anything specifically that a president of the United States can do to interrupt what seems to be an evolving cultural violence and rage in America?BUSH You know, one of the interesting parts of the question is that there's so much focus on the Dow Jones industrial average today, and that's fine. I mean, if you listen to folks in Washington they think everything is great.There is a problem with heart in America. One of the great frustrations is being a governor is I wish I knew of the law that'd make people love another, because I'd sign it.But I do know that we can institute programs of faith and goodwill, that our society ought to welcome the mentoring programs and after-school programs  people whose whole mission is in life to change hearts, to love a neighbor in need, people who hear the universal call that I'm going to love a neighbor just like I want to be loved myself.And so while there's a lot of focus on the economy, and that's fine, the next president of the United States must tap into the great strength of America, which are the hearts and souls of decent Americans. You see, that's where the greatness of America lies, it doesn't lie in the halls of government.
 Ambassador, specifically, however, besides engaging in that kind of discussion and invoking those kinds of mottos, what do you think a president can do these days that would make a real difference in interrupting this culture of violence that is so prevalent in so many communities?KEYES I think the first thing we have to do is restore this country's allegiance to its basic moral principles. We express great shock and outrage that we are bloodying thehallways of our schools with the blood of our children. What about the blood of our children killed in the womb on the basis of a doctrine that completely rejects the basic principles on which this nation was founded?If our rights come from God, then we ought to shape our children's consciences in the fear of God. And I think that what we're seeing in our schools is the direct result of our failure to respect that heritage and to pass it on.So the first thing I would want to do is, is get us back to that road, with a human life amendment that respects life and restores our respect for the will of God. Then let's turn those schools back over to responsible parents so that we can put faith and prayer back in the classroom. And the shaping of the conscience and the fear of God will then become once again the everyday business of our schools. I think we can clear up the void only by filling that void once again with the faith this country was founded on.
 Senator Hatch, do you think that there's a direct connection between Roe vs. Wade and the violence that we see in schools these days?HATCH Sure do. There's an insensitivity to the  to the  to life in our society today. When you have 40 million babies that have been aborted since Roe vs. Wade, there comes an insensitivity that affects all of us. But I'll tell you what I'd do. I think the first thing the president of the United States ought to do in order to try and change things is not expect from the American people something that he, himself is not willing to do. I think the president of the United States ought to set a moral tone in this country, and ought to do what's right. He ought to be a person of integrity and decency. When he goes to the movie industry  a person like this. And that's what I'd try to bring.And I go to the movie industry, and I go the video tape industry, and I go the music industry, I'll have a moral power to talk to those people and say, "Look, let's get together. There's too much obscenity, pornography, violence, and crime in our society today, and it's about time you people started living up to your responsibilities as well.These young kids that have committed these murders  let me tell you something, one in particular mentioned that it was the videotape "Doom"  video game "Doom" that he was playing  the kid in West Paducah, Kentucky. He had never shot a gun before, to my knowledge. He went in there and knew exactly what to do, because he'd been playing these video games. They learn how to rape. They learn to murder. They learn how to treat other human beings wrongfully. And I'll tell you, I'd set an example. I think that's the first thing that the President can do and should do. And I think the American people will follow suit.BACHMAN Thank you, Mr. Hatch.Mr. Bauer, you have talked about reshaping the morals of this nation. When Iowans think about morality, they turn to their churches and their synagogues for guidance. And here in Iowa, the main-line churches have talked about tighter gun control restrictions than you  than really any of the six here. The top three churches in Iowa  the denominations  Roman Catholic, ELCA, and Methodist all have statements on this. And the United Methodists calling for a ban on the possession, and manufacture, and sale ofhandguns. Are you asking to reshape the morals of the churches?BAUER Well, I think the churches should leave to politicians, discussions about the regulation of various industries.The churches ought to be talking about the human heart, about the soul of America. And I think part of the problem is that some so-called, as you put it, main-line churches are passing resolutions about gun control instead of asking the questions about what's happened in American society since that time so many years ago when the founding fathers said we were a shining city on a hill, that our liberty came from God.You had the reference to Time magazine. Eric and Dylan were coming to school every day, and they were giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. The teachers thought that was part of their free speech to do that. But if a teacher at Columbine had come up to those kids and said, you know what Eric, I know you're going through some problems, but God loves you. He has a place in the world for you, that teacher would have been in trouble.A president  let me just say one thing  a president can do something about this. He can put judges on the court that understand that our liberty comes from God, that he's the author of it. And that only a virtuous people can remain free. And that ultimately will be a lot more important than passing another gun law.BACHMAN Are you saying to the churches, though, that gun control is not a moral issue?BAUER No, I think gun control  who in America wants Eric and Dylan to have a gun? They violated 17 gun laws that day. The deeper question is why did two American boys do to fellow human beings what it would be impossible to imagine an American child doing to cats or dogs. What did we do in America to so undermine the sanctity of life that we could raise a couple of kids with empty hearts? And I think that part of it is that we undermine the sanctity of life by telling our children that they've got a Constitutional right to take innocent human life if it's in their way.BACHMAN Governor Bush, you are in favor of some gun controls. Do you hear the concerns of the churches on relating gun control to...BUSH I'm in favor of keeping guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them, like felons and juveniles. But I'm for enforcing the laws on the books. I think the churchmen here in Iowa ought to hear that if we enforce the laws on the books, if we send a clear signal to people that we're going to hold you accountable for breaking the law, that they'll realize society'll be safer.In my state of Texas, we've done just that. We've  we've armed DA's with extra money to prosecute people who break the law. There's a lot of laws on the books around the states and in the federal government. And we need to send a signal to people.Don't be illegally selling guns and don't be illegally using guns. I think the best accountability for somebody who breaks the law with a gun is called jail  certain jail.But I also know we need to have laws that keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them. I mean, that's why I'm for instant background checks. I think that's a system that when properly employed will work, and work well. And that's the kind of law and that's the kind of president I'm going to be if I win the vote.BACHMAN Mr. Forbes, I want to give you the opportunity to speak on both of these questions  go all the way back to Tom and your response.FORBES Well, obviously it does begin with us as parents, as neighbors, as citizens  teaching our young people a strong sense of right and wrong. It also means giving parents choice to choose schools that they think are best for their children, so they don't have to worry that what they're trying to teach at home is being undermined in school in terms of morals and values. And so that is a critical part of it, too.And enforcement sends a very strong message. The Clinton-Gore administration's been full of pious palaver about the need, about doing more about guns. But look what they've done. Prosecutions for crimes committed with firearms  federal crimes  way down. What message does that send? Felons who try to get guns  they won't let them buy the gun, but they don't prosecute them for trying to get the gun. So prosecutions are way down. You bring a gun to a school, John, and there is only one chance in a thousand you're going to be prosecuted. What message does that send?So it also, as Gary and others have indicated, and very forcefully said, it also gets back to life. And not just life in the womb, not just life as adolescents, but also life in the older years for the elderly and the infirm. And as a father of five daughters, my wife Sabina and I have been worried sick over the years of what the culture is doing and undermining what we're trying to teach at home. So it all combines together.BACHMAN But you're saying to the mainline churches here in Iowa that they're wrong in this.FORBES I'm saying to the mainline churches You have a critical task in making sure  not making sure, but trying to inculcate with us a strong sense of right and wrong, that life is indeed a God-endowed right. If you believe that life is a state-created right or state-endowed right, then what you're saying is those who have the power determine who lives and who doesn't.And we've seen in this century the bloody consequences of not realizing there's a higher authority, that there is God, and that life emanates from God and God only.
 Senator McCain, let's move on to health care if we can. Medicare. Do you think it's broken?MCCAIN Sure.
 And what would you do about it?MCCAIN Well, there's so many facets of the Medicare problem, including the demographics of an aging baby-boomer generation. We've got to have a place to start, and I think a great place to start would have been the commission that John Breaux and Senate Congressman Thomas headed that had the best minds of America in  together. And they had a good blueprint for a way that we could begin to address this multifaceted issue. It would take  we could have this town hall meeting just about those.Let me talk to you about one issue that's come up in town hall meeting after town hall meeting that I've had, and that's prescription drugs for senior citizens. We're asking senior citizens now to make a choice between their health and their income. They make too much money to be on Medicare, and not enough to obviously pay for these drugs. We've got to devise a program that when a senior spends a certain part of their income on these prescription drugs that we'll have a state and federal match for it. We can't do that to our senior citizens.Another serious issue is 11 million children that are without health insurance, that we've got to expand the children's health insurance program. There's a variety of areas that we have to work on, Tom, because Medicare is probably the most difficult challenge that we face in the next century because it has a lot to do with other things besides money. And I'll tell you what  I have the guts to take the money where it shouldn't be spent in Washington and put it where it should be spent, including10 percent of the surplus.
 Senator Hatch, why not have means testing for Medicare? Why should someone who earns my kind of income, for example, pay and get the same kind of coverage as a school teacher or someone who works on a farm here in Iowa? Take an investment banker and put him up against a cop. Why can't people who earn more money help make it possible for older Americans who have real need to get prescription drugs under their coverage?HATCH Well first of all, I don't think you're going to ask for Medicare with the amount of money you make. [Laughter] In fact, I think you could take care of all of us right up here on the dais with what you make, and maybe everybody in the audience as well. You never know.Let me just say this. There are 40 million people on Medicare. By 2035, there will be 80 million people on Medicare. Medicare's in trouble. This president had a chance to change it. He had a chance to solve it. We would have passed the Breaux-Thomas recommendations. They wouldn't have solved it all. It's got to be much more well thought out than that. And every possible consideration has to be placed on the table.What I would do as president, I would get together the very best people in the industry  the actuaries, the accountants, the doctors, the lawyers, the experts that really understand the system  get all the facts together. And then I would lead the political types to try and come up with some solution that'll help us to resolve these problems.But it's clear that we cannot continue to go with the current system, because by 2011 when all the baby boomers start coming into existence  I've got to tell you, by that time Medicare's going to start to go bankrupt. It's gone from $3 billion in 1965 to $232 billion in 1998. It will be $450 billion by 2008. We have to deal with it. And the next president of the United States has to have common sense conservatism guts to get it done. And you're looking at the guy that's worked in this area all the way through, and I'll get it done for you.
 Mr. Keyes, let me ask you a question about what Governor Bush did down in Texas. They've got a lot of kids down there who don't get health insurance. So Democrats in the legislature said, look, there's a lot of federal money that's available. We can get it up to twice the poverty level and we can put them under a program called CHIPs. He didn't want to go quite as far as the Democrats did in Texas, but eventually they did get the CHIPs program done. The governor wanted to have more private agencies and churches and other people fill in. Do you think that that's a wise approach that we should have? More of a combination of government and the compassion agencies, if you will, churches and philanthropic organizations?KEYES Well, I think that the first thing we need to do is remember that the best way to regulate these matters and the best way to achieve results is not just to concentrate on how you pay for everything, but to concentrate on how you keep the costs down.I think one of the major problems that we have with this entire system, were we've shifted the burden of decision making, trying to police the relationship between price and value in the medical industry, trying to do that with bureaucracies, whether it's private bureaucracies in the insurance companies or government bureaucracies. It's not going to work.We need an approach that will put the consumer of medical services in the driver's seat. And that will not just help to pay for things. If the costs keep skyrocketing, what good is it to keep throwing money after those higher costs? We need a system that will bring those costs down.And the system that brings the cost down in every other area of our lives is a consumer policed system of competition, where people have the right to make their own choices. And given that right, can then carry the dollars that they're going to use in a way that achieves the best results for them. That's what we need. And that means that wherever we're going to spend this money, we ought to voucherize it and let people make their own choices as to their medical care so they can decide where the most effective service and the best prices are.BACHMAN We need to turn to foreign policy. I'm going to let you do that in just a second. But I want to get one last question in here on domestic policy, Tom. I want to ask Senator McCain.You have said that one  one best way to pay for family tax relief is the cut in pork barrel spending that you've advocated. And yet, when you look at the pork list here in Iowa, you have said that there should be some $2 million cut in the fight against methamphetamines. And that is a huge priority here in Iowa. That doesn't seem like pork barrel to us.MCCAIN It may not to you. But the fact is that many of these programs may have great virtue, but we'll never know, because they're never placed in competition with any other program. There may be a program in Arizona that should have been considered. Instead, some powerful member of Congress or powerful special interest, thanks to huge $100,000 checks or multi-$100,000 checks got snuck in in the middle of the night in a conference without any of us knowing a program.I don't think you quite get it. The fact is, it's not the virtue of the program, it's the way that it's inserted. Every program in America should have the same right to compete with this program here in Iowa for those tax dollars, because those tax dollars come from the citizens of my state, as well as Iowa.And on that subject, I'm here to tell you that I'm going to tell you the things that you don't want to hear, as well as the things you want to hear. And one of those is ethanol. Ethanol is not worth it. It does not help the consumer. Those ethanol subsidies should be phased out. And everybody here on this stage, if it wasn't for the fact that Iowa is the first caucus state, would share my view that we don't need ethanol subsidies. It doesn't help anybody.HATCH That's not true.BACHMAN Senator Hatch?[Laughter, Applause, Boo's]HATCH Listen, Chuck Grassley came to me early. And I was in the Senate before he came. But he was in the Congress before I came to the Senate. He was one of the few people I went to, when I ran for the Senate, to see what I should do. And Chuck Grassley convinced me that here is a renewable resource that helps farmers, that literally might help us when we have another energy crisis, like we did in the late-'70s. I went through that. I saw it. And I can tell you it's crazy for us to not do everything we can to develop renewable resources that help farmers, and that help everybody. Now it's too expensive right now...BACHMAN Mr. Bauer? Very quickly, very quickly.\BAUER Look John, this is Iowa. We're leaving domestic policy. And you guys haven't given us a question on probably the biggest crisis facing this state. You've touched on it with ethanol. The family farm in this state is being destroyed. It's being destroyed across the Midwest.BACHMAN We will get to that.BAUER OK, good enough. I don't want to leave this stage, until we've had a chance to talk about that.BACHMAN I guarantee you, we will get to that.BAUER OK, there are broken hearts in this state, and we need to address that tonight.BACHMAN Thank you. Tom?
 Well, I  we shouldn't leave that now. Let's just stay with this. I mean, I want to ask Mr. Forbes, a publisher and a man who pays a lot of attention to markets and what happens. Ethanol's been around for a long time. It's primarily of interest to people in Iowa and a few other states in the corn belt, but primarily of interest to here. Do you think that it's had a fair test in the marketplace? And does there come a time when you say, we've invested a lot of money in that; it hasn't made it?FORBES I think the answer is of course. And that's why I've supported having a few years of a fair test, and in the year 2007, when this current program expires, if it can't stand on its own two feet, then it ought to go.In this day and age when you think of high technology, and you can get literally write whole worlds on grains of sand  the whole information revolution, silicon  I don't see why with research, getting rid of the capital gains tax so you have risk-taking, that we can't find imaginative ways to use foreign products.So I think what we have here is bankruptcy, in a sense, of finding new uses for agricultural products. And I think with a little investment and imagination, we will find fantastic productive uses that will pay very rich dividends. And Gary is absolutely right in terms you mentioned markets. What is happening to farmers today in markets, with their low commodity prices, is not a result of just supply and demand. It's also huge mistakes from Washington, D.C.  everything from high interest rates, the same thing they did in the mid-80s, they're doing today  depressing farm prices; to opening up foreign markets; to not hurting our existing customers through the crazy economic policies of the International Monetary Fund, which has already cost us over $30 billion of exports. It all ties together.So yes, we'll let ethanol have its run to 2007. If it doesn't work, cut it out. But I think there are a lot of uses for agricultural products and we should do the research to find what they are.
 Governor Bush, as so much of the American economy is moving to the economy of scale these days  we used to mom-and-pop shoe stores and men's clothing stores on main streets and little drug stores, now we've got Costco and Wal-Mart and all the other big stores  why should the family farm  and before anyone believes that I'm picking on them, my family grew up in that tradition  why should the family farm be any more protected than the corner drug store, or the mom-and-pop shoe store, or the little grocery store that we used to find on Main Street?BUSH Yes, I think if you asked the family farmer here in Iowa they don't feel protected. People are hurting in this state. Family farmers all across this state are wondering How come we don't open more markets for my corn and my hogs? And that's exactly what I'm going to do as president; I'm going to open up markets.I support ethanol, and I support ethanol strongly, John. And I'd have supported ethanol whether I was here in Iowa or not. And the reason I do...
 Just a reminder to the audience, you only take away from the time that the candidates have when you do that. I know that it's so tempting.BUSH I was  I was just warming up.
 Right. [Laughter]BUSH I support ethanol because it's good for our air. It's good for the air, it's good for the quality of the air. It also reduces our dependency upon foreign oil. And if I become the president I'm going to spend money on research and development to find additional uses for agricultural products. This is a fantastic renewable resource. It's not only here in Iowa, it's all across the Midwest. In the state of Texas. Forbes is right, Steve's right on that. We ought to spend money.
 2007?BUSH We ought to spend...
 2007?BUSH We ought to  no, we ought to spend money on finding out how to  on better and more uses for agricultural products. Who knows, maybe someday we will be driving automobiles with  with 100 percent corn product. And guess what? We can grow it right here in Iowa.
 Wouldn't we have more markets for Iowa farm products if we allowed China to come into the WTO and opened up a 1.5 billion people to the Iowa grain products and hogs?KEYES I want to address the question that you asked to Governor Bush there because I  I was reading The New York Times the other day, where they were declaring the family farm dead. And I think it was then repeated on one of the major news shows. And folks look at the family farming system like the only thing we get from family farms is the food.It has actually been the case since the republic was founded, that the family farm, from Jefferson all the way forward, has been understood as one of the bedrock sources of the moral character of this nation, of the sense of the combination of individuality and commitment to community; the ability to shoulder hard work, at the same that you value the achievements of individuals in the context of their contribution to family and community.That sense of individualism that also knows how to dedicate itself to the good of others, has been born and has been nurtured and has been sustained in America's family farming sector. We lose the family farm, and we lose the nursery of America's moral character. We can't afford that. And I think we therefore have a stake that goes beyond money. It goes beyond food. It is vital to the future of this country.Where did we get the young men and women who were willing to sacrifice themselves in battle, rise to the extraordinary tests of war every time we asked them to, have the courage that used to be supposedly restricted only to aristocrats? We found them in the fields of America, behind the plow, nurtured in the family farms of this country.We cannot let that die anymore than we can let America's heart and individuality and courage die, because it's not just a question of money. It's a question of America's moral decency.BACHMAN Mr. Bauer, I have to get you back to farming, as well. . The Freedom to Farm Act 1996, removed restrictions on the production of major crops.BAUER Right.BACHMAN And since then we have had a huge increase in the production of those crops. We have had a plummeting of prices. And we've had a falling off of exports. Now you have said that perhaps it should be reviewed, the Farm Act.BAUER Yes, absolutely. Look, the politicians in Washington pulled another fast one. They came to Iowa, they went to farmers all over this great country and they said Look, here's the deal. We're going to put you more at risk in the international marketplace. We know that's going to be tougher for you. But in exchange for that, we're going to fight to open up markets around the world. And they did not keep their end of the bargain. We let our European allies keep our beef out with this excuse about growth hormones. We let them keep Iowa corn out because of genetic engineering. All that is excuses because European governments fight to protect their farmers. We need a government in Washington that will fight to protectAmerican farmers. I will do that as president of the United States. And by the way, Governor Bush, I will stop allowing China to play us for suckers. We've given them most favored nation status 10 years in a row. They dump their goods here. And Iowa farmers are selling less to China now than they did 10 years ago. The time of them playing us for suckers will end in my presidency.BACHMAN Governor Bush and then Senator Hatch, I need to ask you...BUSH I'm glad you brought it up. I'm glad you brought it up. You're not for China getting into the WTO.BAUER (OFF-MIKE)BUSH I'm not asking you a question, it's a rhetorical here.BAUER Oh, it's hard to tell with you sometimes, Governor.BUSH I am. I am. And let me tell you something  let me tell you something. The amount of corn that'll be moved if China gets in the WTO will rise from 250,000  yes  metric tons to 7.2 million metric tons.BUSH Opening up Chinese markets is good for our farmers  yes, sir. It is good for our farmers.BAUER Governor, here's your fallacy. You believe the Chinese government will keep their agreements. They haven't kept their agreements for 20 years.BUSH That's why we let them in the WTO. That's part of agreement-keeping. That brings China into the ...BAUER That just gives them another agreement to break, governor.BUSH Yes, well.BACHMAN Let me take you quickly back to the Freedom to Farm Act, because I ...BUSH If you want to isolate the farmer ...BACHMAN ... I don't want to drop that because Senator Hatch, you voted for the Freedom to Farm Act.HATCH That's right. And it was the right thing to do. If farmers want to make better profits off of their farm commodities, the only way to get there is to get into the free market. But having said that, we have not done a good job in helping in the transition. This has been a tough time for farmers. In this country, we only spend nine percent for food in this country  the lowest in the world. And farmers are on the bottom of the totem pole as far as getting recompense for their work.We had 22 million family farms in 1990. Today, we have five million. Some of that happens because of death taxes. The family farm has to be sold to pay the 55 percent death tax. That's ridiculous. I think everybody up here is against that, and I'll lead the fight to get rid of it. and then doing so, along with Chuck Grassley on the Finance Committee.With regard to WTO, I was in China in the late '70s, and early '80s, the late '80s, the early '90s and the late '90s. The difference between the late '70s and the late '90s because of market and economics, and Hong Kong, is so stark. The best way to undermine that police state is to not isolate China and have them withdraw, but bring them into the WTO where they've got to live up to norms of conduct like the rest of the world. And that will help Iowa farmers. It'll help farmers all over this land.One other thing  it's pathetic in this country ...
 Senator ...HATCH ... I'll finish with this  it's pathetic in this country that state-inspected meat cannot be sold outside of the state, while we take foreign meat in here and sell it all over the country.We're going to change that, and I'm in the process of doing that now.
 I've been reading the Iowa Republican Party platform.We're here in the state of Iowa.
 And I have for each of you some questions that arise out of the very graphic language in that platform.If I could begin with you, Mr. Forbes. It calls for the elimination of the minimum wage  the Iowa Republican Party platform. Do you think that's a good idea?FORBES On a national level, on a state level, if they have a state minimum wage, and I don't know if they do, if they want to get rid of it, fine. But they are under federal law, we have a minimum wage, and there's no way they can opt out of that.But in terms of minimum wage, Tom, I think the best way to raise wages in this country is not through government decree. The Europeans have tried that and the result is massive unemployment among young people. The way to do it is remove barriers to people getting ahead, have investment incentives, get more growth than we have today, which we're capable of doing in productivity.In my part of the world, Tom, you can't hire people for less than $6 or $6.50. That's the way to bring it up, not through fiat. The Europeans tried it, doesn't work.
 Senator McCain, in the Iowa Republican Party platform they call for the prohibition of women in any combat role. No one on this stage or almost in America has more combat experience than you do. Do you think that's a good idea  prohibit women from combat?MCCAIN No, I don't. And it's already been proven in the Persian Gulf War that women performed extraordinarily, with heroism and skill and courage, including in a POW experience.I want to go back to ethanol. It was a program...It was a program  it was a program at the height of the energy crisis that was brought in, was supposed to be phased out, and obviously 2007 is quite a while  35 years.But the fact is, we know why farmers have been hurting so much, it's because the Asian markets went down and they were unable to export. And the fact is, now we will be able to export.I agree with George Bush that China will absorb these exports. Every nation in the world should be open to our best products. The best and most productive farmer in the world is the farmer of Iowa. And the people in Beijing and Bangkok and Paris will be eating Iowa pork and they'll love every minute of it when I'm president of the United States.
 If I could get back to the Iowa party platform. Mr. Bauer, it says that creationism is a science, and evolution is a theory, and they ought to be taught equitably in the schools. Do you agree with the entire premise of that statement in the Iowa Republican Party platform?BAUER Well, here's what I agree with, Tom, that the majority of the American people believe that God had a hand in the creation of life on earth.
 Do you think one's a science, and one's a theory, though?BAUER I think that certainly evolution is a theory, and yet it's taught in our schools as if it cannot be questioned. If you ask the American people what they want about this, they want their children exposed to both of those ideas. That's what an education ought to be about  presenting to young people a variety of choices, and let them make the decision. And by the way, as I sense a follow-up, let me just say, if you want to read a wacko platform, you ought to try reading the Iowa Democratic Party platform.
 I get the impression we have some Iowa Republicans in the hall, here.Senator Hatch, continuing with the Iowa GOP platform. They call for the elimination of the Environmental Protection Agency. Do you think that's a good idea?HATCH No, I don't. I mean, I don't agree with environmental extremism, that would make us uncompetitive with the rest of the world. One of the first things I said I would do  I listed yesterday for everybody, seven things I'd do the first day I was in office. And one of them is, I would revoke the Kyoto Accords. The Kyoto Accords place environmental extreme requirements on the United States, but nobody else. And in the final analysis, there's no real reason  scientific or otherwise  why that should occur. It would cost the average family $30,000 more. It would cost our senior citizens  Iowa senior citizens, and you have of senior citizens in this state  it would cost them $1,500 to $3,000 more for fuel costs alone, every year. Can you imagine? And that's why we would revert  revoke that, because it's environmental extremism at its worst.Now I think the  but having said that, all of us believe in clean air, clean water, in a better quality of life.HATCH And the Environmental Protection Agency, properly run by a Hatch administration, would do a job likes never been done before and I think everybody in Iowa will be darn glad about it.
 Governor Bush, I have a kind of two-part question. I just want to clarify one thing. The platform also calls for the elimination and the phasing out of Medicare and Medicaid and privatize those programs entirely.BUSH No.
 Bad idea?BUSH I think it is. I think Medicare is the responsibility of the federal government. It's a commitment we've got to keep. The problem with Medicare is it's run by 135,000, more or less, page document where all  where the government decides everything. They decide how the patient chooses things and how the doctors perform.I think we need to give patients more choice and doctors more flexibility. I  and so I think it's a bad idea.
 You told my colleague and friend, Tim Russert, on "Meet the Press," that you think that patients should have the right to sue their HMO.BUSH I do.
 And then I looked at your Web site and it has a caveat, "federally approved HMOs." Did you mean for it to have that caveat? Or does everyone who belongs to an HMO have the right to sue?BUSH Well, what I  let me tell you what I told Mr. Russert. I talked about a piece of law that  that we enacted in Texas. And here's  here's the law. It says if you've got a complaint with your HMO, you the patient, you can take your complaint to what's called an independent review organization, an IRO. It's a group of objective-minded people that hear your claim, that hear your cause.If they decide  if the objective folks decide that the HMO is wrong, and the HMO ignores the finding, that then becomes a cause of action. And I'm not exactly sure of the wording on the web site, but I am sure it's talking about making sure federal law does not preempt the good piece of legislation we have in the state of Texas.You see, I believe  I believe in  I believe states should run most of their business. I believe  I believe strongly that the government closest to the people is that which governs best.
 Though as I read the web site, and as others have read it, said "federally approved HMOs."BUSH Well because  that's because we covered state  non-federally approved HMO's in my state of Texas.
 But you would make this the national standard? You would have  you would have a national review board and make that possible for everyone?BUSH Yes, I would.KEYES (inaudible)
 Alan Keyes.BACHMAN If I could quickly  a related question on Medicare that a lot of our viewers asked about, and we want to try to get one of those questions in. We'll ask Mr. Keyes  Medicare payments to hospitals and insurers and doctors are so inequitable when you look at various states. That's what we received in many mails to us. Because here in Iowa, the payment per enrollee is under $3,500 and the national average is above $5,000. And this strains hospitals. Some hospitals are closing. Can it be made more equitable?KEYES I think one of the problems you're faced with there is that you're making determinations in bureaucracies that ought to, in fact, to be made in the marketplace. Costs are different in different parts of the country. They would be reflected in the marketplace if people have the opportunity to make the choices I think that they ought to have the opportunity to make, rather than having those limits imposed upon them by bureaucratic determination and fiat.There are differences. You can't site a national average and then say we should have uniform payments everywhere. It would make no sense. But at the same time, bureaucracies may not come up with the best answer. I want to try one thing, because I have to draw a contrast here on the trade issue between myself and I guess everybody else who's sitting up here, because they're busy arguing about whether China should be in the World Trade Organization or out of the World Trade Organization. And I look at it an organization that is unrepresentative, elected by no one, where dictators and tyrants have the same right to send representatives to make substantive decisions that the representatives of this free people have  making decisions that will affect our jobs and our livelihood in a fashion totally contrary to our Constitution.I don't think the question is whether China should belong to the World Trade Organization. I think the question is whether the United States should belong to an organization that violates every constitutional principle.BACHMAN Mr. Forbes  very briefly  you believe that we should be a part of the WTO.FORBES The what?BACHMAN The WTO.FORBES I believe we should, but I have no illusions about it. I have compared the WTO, John, to a Woolly Mammoth without the charm.It is so big  it is so big that this next round of negotiations that they wanted to kick off in Seattle  the last one the Uruguay round, took 13 years. This one's going to take probably 25 or 30 years. I think we should take action on our own. And that's why I proposed, for example, doing a North Atlantic free trade agreement with Ireland and Britain, bringing on the Pacific side, Australia, New Zealand and other nations. Do it ourselves. We can't wait for the WTO. It's useless.
 Mr. Forbes, thank you very much. Now we come to that portion of the program, tonight, in which by drawing, the candidates get to ask each other questions. And for the second time tonight, Gary Bauer gets to begin by asking Governor Bush a question.BUSH It's becoming a habit.BAUER Yes it is. Governor Bush, I believe strongly that the big civil rights challenge going into the next century, will be whether or not we can set another place at the table for America's unborn children. America's always been about welcoming other people to the table.You've said you don't want to leave one child behind, but 1.5 million children a year are being left behind. My judges will be pro-life. I want Roe vs. Wade to be overturned.I want to ask you a simple yes or no question. Will you commit tonight to having a pro-life running mate? I'm willing to say that Governor Christie Todd Whitman of New Jersey, the pro-abortion Republican governor, doesn't need to stick close to her phone. I won't be calling her to be my running mate. Are you willing to make a similar commitment for a pro-life running mate?BUSH I think it's incredibly presumptive for someone who has yet to earn his party's nomination to be picking vice presidents. I'll tell you what I will do. I'll name somebody  I'll name somebody who can be the president. That ought to be the main criteria for any one of us who has the opportunity to pick a vice president, Gary. It's going to be can that person serve as president of the United States?I also am going to ask the question, will the person be loyal? There's nothing that can be worse than have a vice president be disloyal to the president. And of course I would expect that person to share my conservative views.BAUER Governor, I  we get a follow-up as I understand. Governor, I...BUSH You do?
 No.BAUER Well, that was my understanding.BACHMAN No...BAUER We don't?BUSH But you can if you want.BAUER He wants me to give him a follow-up.BACHMAN No follow-up, no. In fact, Mr. Forbes, you now ask a question of Mr. Bauer.So you will receive.BAUER OK.FORBES Well, Gary...BAUER Yes, Steve?FORBES ... one of the great destructive forces in the world today, I think, is the International Monetary Fund and the disastrous prescriptions they give to countries, raising taxes, devaluing their money, wreaking havoc. Their prescriptions, with  along with our Treasury Department, have cost farmers $30 billion in agricultural exports. They've brought about a huge disaster in Mexico. Would you agree with me that the International Monetary Fund should go to the political equivalent of "Jurassic Park," and we have true free enterprise, free market economic prescriptions for these countries, instead of this unnecessary austerity and devastation?BAUER Steve, I think there's a whole group of these international organizations, like the WTO, that Alan referred to, the International Monetary Fund, a lot of the things, quite frankly, that the United Nations has been engaged in. I think we need to review all of those things.We're sacrificing too much of America's sovereignty. We're being plagued by suckers, by international bureaucrats. And the good taxpayers of this state are having their hard earned money to not only subsidize the politicians in Washington, D.C., but a lot of bureaucrats in these international organizations that they can't touch through the election process. So, yes, I would review it, and I would reform it or get rid of it.FORBES I hope you get rid  I hope we make a pledge to get rid of it, because I think it's beyond repair, and the farmers would agree.BAUER Now, that was a follow-up.
 No provisions, as I remember, for a colloquy. But we, you know, we like to have them.Alan Keyes, you get to ask the next question. And as you  as you know, you get to ask the next question of Senator Hatch.KEYES Senator Hatch, I heard with some curiosity I think in the last debate that you were defending the decision of the judge in the Microsoft case.KEYES And I have to confess that decision worries me. Because I think it's a little bit of a departure to start defining the ownership of a product that has been produced by one's own ingenuity, as a monopoly. Of course you have a monopoly on products that you make yourself. And it has always been understood that part of making a profit is to take advantage of that monopoly to get the best deal you can, when you bring that product to the marketplace. Aren't we just punishing Microsoft, because, in fact, it is a successful product which the government now wants to step in and take over in the most socialist fashion imaginable?HATCH Not according to one of the best federal judges in the country, who wrote an exhaustive opinion, showing how Microsoft is not just a monopoly, but Microsoft has been using its monopoly power to stifle innovation, and creativity, and opportunity for others. At least this what this judge seems to be finding.And I have to say that we had literally hundreds, if not thousands of people complaining to me, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee to look into this, because they felt that they were being snuffed out of business by Microsoft. One in particular, testified that Microsoft put a bug in their operating platform that they had to  that he had to be on in order to be successful. And he happens to be the most successful business in the streaming industry to begin with. The fact of the matter is, they've put a bug in it, so his program would be incompatible. That was testimony before our committee. That's the type of stuff that this judge is finding.You can be a monopoly, and you can fight as hard as you can to increase your monopoly power. But you don't have the right to trample on the little guy. You don't have the right to use your monopoly power, owning the underlying operating platform, to insist that all the OEMs, the original equipment operators  manufacturers, have to take only your program, to the exclusion of everybody else's, which is also one of the allegations.Now, to be honest with you, that's why the Endercrass laws are in existence.BACHMAN Governor Bush, you're directing a question to Senator McCain.BUSH You've been talking a lot about pork in Washington and I appreciate that. Here's my view If you want to get rid of pork in Washington, stop feeding the hog. That's why I have proposed a $450 billion-plus tax plan  tax cut plan, which you called excessive.One of the features in my plan, John, says to the single mom with two children making $40,000 a year, you get a 53 percent tax cut. For single moms with children who make less than $40,000 a year get  get bigger tax cuts. My question to you is, in reviewing of your plan, that single mom with children  two children, making $40,000  get no tax cut. And I'm wondering why.MCCAIN Well, I think it's something  it's worthy of consideration, but I also believe that if you raise the 15 percent tax bracket to singles or couples who make $70,000 a year, that would go a long way in that direction. It's funny you mention about pork, because really what the American people need is their money back.And they're not going to get it back until we get it out of the hands of the special interests  these huge six- and seven-figure donations; the $100,000 checks; the $200,000 checks that have basically taken the government away from the people and put it into the hands of the special interests. And it's made all these young people so cynical and even alienated.I'll tell you what, in all due respect to my friends here, you and I can stop that tonight. We can commit as nominees of the party that we will have nothing to do with soft money with these huge $100,000 checks. We can stop it now. We commit to that, and we can get the special interest money out of American politics. We can give the government back to the people. I hope you'll make that commitment right here tonight in Iowa.BUSH I'll be glad to talk about it.
 Want to talk about it any more right now? Or do you want to wait (inaudible).BUSH Sure.
 We're doing all right. We've got time, governor.BUSH I'd love to talk about it. Here's my worry with your plan It's going to hurt the Republican Party, John, and I'm worried for this reason.MCCAIN (inaudible)BUSH Let me finish  let me ...MCCAIN How did Ronald Reagan get elected in 1980?BUSH May I finish? Let me finish.MCCAIN There was no such thing as soft money back then.BUSH May I finish?The Democrat Party is really the Democrat Party and the labor unions in America. And my worry is, is that you do nothing about what's called paycheck protection. We do nothing about saying to the labor, you can't take a laboring man's money and spend it the way you see fit.There's a lot of laboring people who are Republicans and conservatives. And yet under the vision you've got or  I guess you've got  or people in Washington have, it's OK that they just take their money and spend it the way they want to spend it. I don't think it's fair. And I think that's unilateral disarmament.I agree with you, we ought not to have corporate soft money and labor soft money. But there better be pay-check protection. Otherwise our Republican Party and our conservative values don't have a shot.MCCAIN I don't know how...MCCAIN I still don't know how we won in 1980 in the Senate and the presidency of the United States.
 May I? May I...(CROSSTALK)
 May I  May I futilely try to get control here for just a moment. We're going to get to you. You get a question coming up in a few moments, then you can promise Al you get a chance to talk.KEYES One brief remark, though. Because if we're going to have a colloquy, we ought to have all options on the table. These folks actually deal with irrelevant things. The government does not have the right to restrict our freedom of association, which should include the right to associate our money with they causes we believe in.And I think that this whole idea  the whole idea that everybody here subscribes here that there should be regulated contributions. It's very simple. No dollar vote without a ballot vote.
 OK.KEYES And publicity for all contributions. We don't need the rest of it. We can regulate the system through our ballot if we have the freedom to do what we should as individual voters with our money.
 Senator Hatch, as I was saying  I'm in total control here, as you can tell. And it's your question now to Mr. Forbes.HATCH Well, I'm going to colloquize for a minute first.John's seems  John seems to think that every problem in America is going to be solved by the McCain-Feingold bill, an unconstitutional bill that basically penalizes Republicans.HATCH Have any of you ever wondered why all the Democrats support it and hardly any Republicans in the Congress?Just think about it.Now, let me ask Steve a question. And I'm going to give you a home run ball, Steve. Look...FORBES That usually means hold your wallet.HATCH Steve, I couldn't even lift your wallet is all I can say.FORBES Senator, with...HATCH I'm running a skinny cat campaign...FORBES Senator...HATCH ... OrrinHatch.com. Go there and help me out. Now, Steve...FORBES Senator, with a flat tax  with a flat tax you'll have a better wallet, and with my Social Security reform you'll have a secure retirement and not have that pension system of the United States Senate, which rips off the taxpayers.HATCH Well, Steve, and with my experience of 23 years, I'm the one that can get it through, and I'll do it as president. Let me tell you.HATCH Now, let me ask you  let me ask you a question  let me...FORBES And I'll be relying on you when I'm in the White House to get these things through.HATCH Let me ask you a question.FORBES Sure.HATCH You know, we're talking about a lack of values in this country. We all know it's there. We know our kids don't have the right examples. We know that there are a lot of things that are denigrating to our children and our people, in Iowa and throughout the country.My only brother was killed in the Second World War. The most valuable thing I own is the flag that draped his coffin when they brought him back. I'm the author of the anti-flag desecration constitutional amendment. And what I want to do is get two-thirds of the Congress to pass that amendment, and then go out to those 50 states and create a debate on values like we've never had before. Will you join me?FORBES Senator, absolutely. I support the constitutional amendment concerning the desecration of the flag. And I think that's...HATCH Thanks. I knew you would.FORBES That's why, too, I vigorously support now, not three years from now...FORBES Not as a gift from the federal government, but right now, giving parents choice on choosing the schools they think best. So, again get morals and values back in the schools through parents, and not have to rely on top-down bureaucracies.But then there's also  you talk about values. In my home state of New Jersey, there's a proposal to read the Declaration of Independence, those opening sentences, that we're endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights, among these life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.You know there's controversy about that because it mentions the word "creator"...HATCH Mr. Forbes, the...FORBES ... and our governor Christie Whitman, says she may not like it because it takes too much time out of the day.HATCH That's pathetic...FORBES She's  she's about to endorse Governor Bush. I think we need to get back to basics.But to bring  Senator, you bring up  you bring up something very, very  you bring up something very valid.When people can question the constitutionality of reading the Declaration of Independence in our schools, have the kids read it each day, you know there's something fundamentally wrong. And that's why I think you sense in America the beginnings of a spiritual and moral renewal.HATCH I told you it would be a softball stage, right. I told you it would be a softball, but if...BACHMAN Senator McCain, the final candidate question to Ambassador Keyes.MCCAIN Alan, there's a terrible thing going on in the world right now. And it's genocide and it's creating hundreds of thousands of refugees. It's destabilizing the region. And a tragic commentary on our time is that because it's not in our living rooms, on television, a lot of people are not aware of it. I'm speaking, obviously, of Chechnya.The Russians have threatened mass bombings, have already carried out artillery attacks. It's destabilizing to the region. We know that the oil and gas reserves that are in the region are important to the future of our energy supply. We know that the Russian military is asserting itself in a way that they've not since the end of the breakup of the Soviet Union. And there's a lot of other implications associated with what's going on in Chechnya now.It offends our Judeo-Christian values and principles.MCCAIN It also can, over time, offend our national interest. Mr. Yeltsin the other day mentioned something about we forget that Russia has nuclear weapons. No, we don't forget that. But let's address this issue. Let's get the attention of the American people on this issue. The president of the United States is neglecting it, and I want to know what your prescription is as to what you, as president of the United States, would do.KEYES Yes, it's interesting because when you started off with that description, I thought sure you were going to ask me about Sudan.And of course, the reason I mention that is not  no, I'm not going the obvious place. I'm not going to point out that we have allowed the carnage in Sudan to take place totally oblivious to a death toll that now rises over two million; regularly hundreds of thousands every year. I am not going to suggest that we take no interest in that because the people who are dying are black. That would, in fact, probably not be true.I will suggest, however, that I find it very strange  and you were one of those folks out there shilling for this Kosovo business  I think it rather undercut the position of NATO and the Europeans, who are now on their high horse because the Soviets are threatening to bomb civilians. We forget that several months ago we were in that same position, and the attacks that were taking place in Kosovo were not attacks on American soil; were not attacks on American targets by terrorists who are terrorizing our population. In fact, we had intervened in an internal conflict in another country.So I think we better be careful. If we had been careful then, we'd have more moral authority now. I do, because I opposed that surrender of our moral position  have them the moral authority to say what I'm about to say. And that is that I think that even though the Russians right now are dealing with a problem technically internal to their country, I don't believe we should be committing aggression in order to deal with it, but I do...KEYES And I think we ought to do so now, sternly and clearly, in a way that the Clinton administration doesn't have the prudence or the courage to do.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes.That's the appropriate transition to talk some about foreign policy. Governor Bush, you have said that you supported the idea of rejecting the test ban treaty, and you want to build a missile defense system. If you were the president  if you were President Jiang Zemin in China, or you were President Boris Yeltsin in Russia, wouldn't you be saying to your military personnel, and to your scientists, "They want to start it up again. We've got to do everything that we can to go on a hair trigger. And we've got to expand our own nuclear arsenal"?BUSH No, they'd be hearing a different message. They'd be hearing a message that the United States is a peaceful nation  that we intend to keep the peace. But we're not going to sit by and allow rogue nations to hold any of our friends hostage. That we're not going to allow for accidental launches. And we've got the technology necessary to keep the peace.Mr. Yeltsin will here from President Bush that, "I intend to give you a chance to join us in the development of theater-based, and national anti-ballistic missile systems. But after a short period of time, if you choose not to, we'll withdraw from the treaty." Because, we're a peaceful nation. But we're not going to miss an opportunity, Tom, if I'm the president, to say to our friends an allies, "We're going to provide a shield so you won't be blackmailed." We're going to say to our friends, the Israelis, "We'll provide you a shield and work with you, so you won't become blackmailed by Iranians or Iraqis."No, our country must not retreat. We must not worry about what the Russians and Chinese think. What we need to do is lead the world to peace. And that's exactly the kind of president I intend to be.
 Would you give that shield...... would you give that shield to Taiwan, Senator McCain? And would you say to the Russians, simultaneously, "Let's jump to START III and get it down to 1,000 nuclear warheads," at the same time?MCCAIN Well, you...
 Operate on several fronts?MCCAIN You ask several questions. No, I would not go to SALT III, because that would be dismantling one leg of the triad. And I'm not prepared to do that yet  START III. I would not give the Taiwanese a ballistic missile defense system.MCCAIN I would develop myself, have it sea-borne, and I would move it into the area, if necessary in international waters. I would achieve the same goal. But I would also help the Taiwanese acquire weapons systems if necessary.They are a democratic, free government. The one-China policy is based on the fundamental principal of peaceful reunification of China. It will be China that violates the one-China policy if they commit aggression. And the fact is, that these are not the bloody butchers of Beijing, as candidate Clinton described them in 1992. And they are not our strategic partners as he described them in 1998 when he put his arm around the Chinese leadership. They are ruthless people hell bent on hanging on to power. They look over their shoulder at the collapse of the Soviet Union and the loss of power of the leadership there. But we can convince them that it is in their interest to enter the world as a superpower, which they will, in a peaceful, contributory fashion.And I would go back to our old alliances, the strategic partner, which is the Japanese. And this part of the world is very, very critical, not only to our global economy but to the farmers right here in Iowa. It's a major place where they can export their products.
 President Lee of Taiwan says that it's "pernicious fiction," his phrase, to think that the Chinese have any claim on Taiwan, that they will only negotiate as a sovereign state. Does that mean that we just eliminate the idea of one China?HATCH Well, that was unfortunate language. But let me just say  am I on?
 You're on.HATCH OK. Let me just say this, that I was one of the authors of the Taiwan Relations Act, which means that we're going to give Taiwan support because as a free country, we don't want them walked all over.But I also met with Jiang Zemin  President Jiang Zemin, two years ago in Shanghai. A half-hour courtesy call turned into an hour and a half call because I said, I was one of the authors of the Taiwan Relations Act, and isn't it wonderful what has resulted from that?And he went, oh. And I said  and you could see he was very upset. And I said Well, just think about it, before that act, you didn't have any intercourse with Taiwan.HATCH You didn't have exchange students. You didn't have business going back and forth. You weren't even in the game to get Hong Kong. He leaned back in his chair and he went, ah. And then all of a sudden that half-hour conversation turned into an hour-and-a-half conversation. The American ambassador said, I've never seen anything like it.But let me tell you, we owe an obligation to Taiwan. We have it in writing. It's in a formal act. And I've got to tell you, when we make an obligation and a commitment we ought to keep it. And I'm for keeping those obligations.And I think China, we can, through good diplomacy and toughness, we can get China to back off on those type of activities.
 Mr. Bauer, can I move you to the Middle East? Would you...BAUER I'd rather not leave China. But let me just say one quick thing. I'm glad to hear Senator Hatch say what he just said. But I have to say, in all due respect to my colleagues, that I'm hearing a naivete up here about the leaders in Beijing that is breathtaking.Does anybody in this arena think that if today in China thousands of Chinese citizens gathered for the basic human rights that we take for granted  the right to vote for another political party other than the Communists, the right to have a child without government permission  that anything different would happen today than happened 10 years ago when Chinese students waved copies  as Steve mentioned a little earlier  of the Declaration of Independence in the face of the People's Liberation Army?Gentlemen, we cannot trade ourselves out of this challenge. That nation intends to replace the United States in the Pacific as the leading world power. And to deal with it we're going to have to do more than trade. We're going to have to have a Reaganesque foreign policy that's willing to speak the truth to evil. That's what will make the people of China a free people, and worthy to be trade partners.BACHMAN Tom, I will pick up on your Mideast question.FORBES Tom, what all of this underscores is we don't have a foreign policy today. What we have is appeasement and confusion. And with China, we need to let the Chinese know what the rules of engagement are.FORBES So if they want a prosperous relationship, they want to evolve towards democracy like Taiwan did, we'll be able  we'll deal with them. But we have to make it clear to them, among other things, we will not let them push us out of Asia. We will not let them take over Taiwan. And also, we have to make very clear that we will criticize them each step of the way for their human rights abuses in every international forum possible. And in terms of trade, it has to be two-ways. They have to reduce barriers, and they have to keep agreements which they haven't done in the past.If you lay down firm rules, I think you can have a relationship. But if you go and drifting what we have done now, it's going to lead to disaster in the future.BACHMAN Mr. Forbes, you criticize the Clinton administration's foreign policy, and yet, tonight, the prospects for peace in the Mideast are looking much brighter  talks have resumed now, this week, between Israel and Syria; talks resuming between Israel and Yasser Arafat. In the past, you've been very critical, saying that this administration has dictated peace terms to Israel, has supported a Palestinian state. What  isn't this working?FORBES Well, the real answer to that, John, is if they get an agreement that stands the test of time. And one of the dangers that Israel faces today is with a president who wants to leave a legacy, and is going to push Israel to make concessions they shouldn't make.For example, you can't live with a neighbor who's preaching hatred against you. You look at Palestinian textbooks today. They're full of vitriol about Jews, the Protocols of Zion  stuff that we saw in Nazi Germany in the '30s. And that's what's in the schools today; that blood libel Mrs. Arafat did about the Israelis causing cancer in water. That is common stuff there. So you cannot have peace preaching that kind of hatred. It's got to be both ways. The Israelis are willing to make an agreement, but Arafat is not willing to make the fundamental shift that's going to make a lasting peace possible. And as president, I'm not going to twist Israeli arms to get a false peace.BACHMAN Mr. Bauer, you have spoken of...... the State Department's neutrality in the Middle East conflict.BAUER Yes.BACHMAN Pick it up.BAUER Well, look, we need an American desk at the State Department. You know, we've got bureaucrats there who are worried about every other country in the world, except our vital interests. And our vital interests in the Middle East are served by a safe and democratic Israel. They have been our most reliable ally in the region. They're surrounded by hostile territory. And it is the height of arrogance for State Department bureaucrats in the current administration to be pressuring that country to give up more land for peace and security.We wouldn't allow somebody to pressure us under similar circumstances.BACHMAN You don't think the prospects tonight are good, though, with the resumption of talks?BAUER Look, the thing that will preserve Israel is a strong military and a reliable ally in the United States. If their enemies ever think that our commitment to them is wavering, Israel will be in the deepest trouble it's been in its existence.We are friends, we are allies. They have stood with us, and as president I will be sure we stand with them.
 I have a question then for John McCain. John, my friend (ph), something that's in the news. You've said that Elian Gonzalez, the young Cuban boy ought not to be sent back to Havana. Everybody on this panel believes in the primary place of family, and yet, based on what I'm reading, the state knows better than his own father, and his own grandparents in this case.MCCAIN Well, I'm not Tom. I'm saying that his mother knows better. His mother gave up her life in an attempt to give her son the freedom and democracy, which this country is blessed, and which he never could have had if he remained in Cuba. That's what's left out of this equation.
 Do you leave his father out of this altogether? This is the blood father of the son. He has no claim...MCCAIN No, like practically everyone here I would be glad if his father came to the United States or a neutral country, and then declared his allegiance.By the way, I have never seen a spontaneous demonstration in any communist country.Could I return  return one moment  one moment to the Middle East. I will give  I would like to give the Clinton administration credit. I would like to give President Carter credit.MCCAIN I'd like to give a lot of people credit who worked for a long time on peace in the Middle East. And I think it's important and we're on the threshold.There's a number of factors, but a major factor was the end of the Cold War, which Ronald Reagan won, which no longer allowed for this divisions along Cold War lines where these Middle East countries were client states. Finally, Mr. Assad is growing old, he wants his son to take over, not his brother.But there's a fundamental principle that we have to reach here, and that is free and democratically elected countries in the Middle East, besides Israel, if you want a lasting peace.
 I'm surprised that we've gotten to this point in the debate, and we haven't talked at all about Social Security or some of the tax cuts. You said as the front-runner you do have an obligation not to just throw numbers around. You've talked about a $483 billion tax cut, about an enormous amount of money for military readiness and for increasing pay in the military. The Congressional Budget Office says that just is not going to add up downstream, five years out, you're going to eat up all the surpluses just with your tax cut. Are you willing to say tonight that if it gets to that point, you don't want to be in the position that your father was where he had to raise taxes when he promised he wouldn't?BUSH It's not going to get to that point. We took a very conservative approach. We took all the Social Security money and left it for one thing Social Security. We took the budget additions that I think are important, particularly strengthening the military, andput that in the budget. And we had $100 billion left over and $100 billion in unspent money.It's important to cut the taxes, Tom, otherwise government's going to spend it. And it's important to cut the taxes to keep the economy growing. And when we cut the taxes it's important to remember, there's a lot of folks who are struggling on what I call the outskirts of poverty. I mentioned it to John in the question, that the single mom with kids  which, by the way, in my judgment's the toughest job in America.It's important for the Republicans to hear their call too. It's important that when we make the tax code fair  we hear people at the bottom of the economic ladder, as well as the top. And so my plan says if you're a mom making $22,000 a year and you're heading to the middle class, we're going to tear down the toll booth so you can get to the middle class.No, this is a responsible plan. The only way  the only way to get rid of the so-called surpluses in the short term is to put Al Gore or Bill Bradley as president of the United States, and they'll spend it all.
 John Bachman, you have a question from the good folks of Iowa.BACHMAN Well, I do. We have tried to take viewers' questions tonight and point them in the direction of some of these issues we've been talking about. But I'd like to run the table quickly with one individual question. What political philosopher or thinker, Mr. Forbes, do you most identify with and why? Which gives the remaining five time to think  I'm sorry.FORBES Well, I won't say I'm reading a book by a philosopher, and I'm not reading a book on Dean Acheson. But seriously  sorry  but seriously, the philosopher that I think has had the most impact or profound impact on this country is John Locke. Even though there are some flaws, I think he set the stage for what became a revolution. And then, after that, Thomas Jefferson with what he wrote in the Declaration of Independence. James...BACHMAN We just (inaudible) for one.FORBES OK. OK  Got Locke and then Jefferson is B.BACHMAN Thank you. Mr. Keyes?KEYES Well, I think overall the most influential thinker, and there are many in my mind, but particularly on the issues we face as Americans right now would be the founders of this country, who not only had interesting thoughts, they actually translated them capably into functioning instruments of government that have preserved our liberty now for over 200 years. And I think we ought to get back to their thinking and not fiddle with this income tax system, but return to the original Constitution they gave us  abolish the income tax, fund the federal government with tariffs, duties, and excise taxes so the people of this country get back control of every dollar that they earn, instead of having to depend on nice politicians like Mr. Bush, or bad politicians like Bill Clinton to decide how much of their own money they should keep.BUSH At least he called me "nice."BACHMAN Governor Bush  a philosopher-thinker and why.BUSH Christ, because he changed my heart.BACHMAN I think the viewer would like to know more on how he's changed your heart.BUSH Well, if they don't know, it's going to be hard to explain. When you turn your heart and your life over to Christ, when you accept Christ as the savior, it changes your heart. It changes your life. And that's what happened to me.BACHMAN Senator Hatch. Senator Hatch.HATCH I agree with that. But I think that goes without saying  no question in my mind.But I'll tell you. There are two that I really believe have had a profound lasting imprint on America, among many. And of course, Abraham Lincoln is one of them, who fought for equality and freedom for everybody. And the other one was Ronald Reagan, who ignored theState Department, knocking out the Evil Empire in every speech until he got a speech where it was knocked out. It got back and forth, and back and forth. And he said it anyway. And it was one of the most profound statements, philosophically, that was said in our generation.And those two people have really made a difference in all of our lives. But I bear witness to Christ, too. I really know him to be the savior of the world. And that means more to me than almost anything else I know.BACHMAN Senator McCain.MCCAIN Obviously all of our founding fathers were probably the most remarkable group of men ever assembled in history, in Philadelphia. But my modern-day role model and hero is Theodore Roosevelt. Theodore Roosevelt was larger than life. Theodore Roosevelt believed in reform. He took the politics of America out of the hands of the robber barons, and gave it back to the people. He put the United States of America on the world's stage, in the international arena, which made way for our ever-expanding role in the world. He established our national parks system. He was an activist. He was a reformer. And he was a man of great vision. He was larger than life. And he was a truly wonderful father and family man as well, who happened by the way, to lose a son in World War I.But Theodore Roosevelt, I think, is a modern-day role model for me, and many other people who hold dear, conservative principles, and yet believe there's a role for government in our society.BACHMAN And finally, Mr. Bauer.BAUER I was hungry, and you fed me. I was thirsty, and you gave me drink. I was a stranger, and you welcomed me. Christ, with those words, taught all of us about our obligations to each other, to the unborn child, to those living in poverty, the need for us to be together regardless of the color of our skin.There is no figure in human history who, through his life, his death and his resurrection has changed the world for millions, billions, countless of people. If America's in trouble in the next century, it will be because we forgot what he taught us, Tom.
 Tell me  we have time for  what?  one more question, one more answer. One more question.Governor Bush, Bill Buckley, an old bleeding heart liberal, commenting on the law and order attitude of all of you, says that in 47 states possession of marijuana is illegal. If you believe in the aggressive pursuit of people for violating the gun laws, why not have the aggressive pursuit of violation of marijuana  marijuana laws?Do you think that we ought to be far more aggressive, in the state of Texas and across this country, in pursuing those people who possess marijuana?BUSH I think we ought to be far more aggressive at interdicting drugs before they come in our country. And I think we need to be very aggressive as saying to children, drugs will ruin your life. If you abuse drugs, it's going to ruin your life. If you abuse alcohol, it's going to ruin your life. Baby boomer generation needs to hear the call of responsibility. And part of that is to say to our kids Don't be using drugs. Don't be using drugs.Mr. Buckley actually believes we ought to  I think he believes we ought to legalize marijuana. I don't. I think that'd be a big mistake.
 I don't think he says legalization of it. I think what he does say...BUSH I think he does.
 I think what he does say is not put everyone in jail who is merely possessing marijuana.BUSH Well we don't do that in the state of Texas. We put the dealers and the big users in jail. You know, we give people second chances. We say to people You've made a mistake. The judges in our state have got a lot of discretion. And that's the way it should be. But the universal message from our society's got to be to our kids Don't be using drugs. Drugs will ruin your life.
 Governor Bush, thank you very much. We're going to begin now the final round of the closing statements. My how time flies when you're having fun. (Laughter).We begin with you, Mr. Forbes.FORBES Well, thank all of you very much here at WHO. This is where Ronald Reagan got his start decades ago in his career.Tonight, and with these other forums, you're beginning to get an opportunity to find out what each of us believes; what we think America's opportunities are; and what the problems are. I'm an independent outsider. I believe in the conservative philosophy that comes from the Declaration of Independence, and I have deep convictions about what can be done to realize America's full potential going into this new century and this new millennium. And I believe that means putting power back in the hands of thepeople, and not going along with politics as usual. Politics as usual says we have to keep the current tax code. I think the American people should say it's realistic to get rid of it, and allow you to keep far, far more of what you earn with something that is simple, honest and fair.I believe a new birth of freedom means that you should be able to choose your own schools for your own children; that you should be able to choose your own doctors and not have to go through HMOs and other bureaucracies. It all ties together, but I need your support; I need your vote. Thank you very much.BACHMAN Please hold your applause so we can get the final statements in  the closing statement now from Mr. Bauer.BAUER Thank you very much. The Republican Party was born in an argument about whether black men and women, slaves, were citizens to be protected under the law. It is a proud history of our party  the party of Abraham Lincoln and of Ronald Reagan.We are facing an issue today that is comparable, and that is whether our unborn children  rich or poor, black or white  deserve a place at the table; whether they're part of the American family.For 25 years, I've worked on this issue. I've raised money for crisis pregnancy centers while my friend Steve Forbes was raising money for Christie Todd Whitman.BAUER This issue's important; we can't play any more games about it. I will not leave any child behind. My running mate, Governor Bush, will be pro-life. I'm sorry you were not willing to make that commitment. My judges will be pro-life.And I want to make the most important promise I can make to you about my presidency. In my presidency abortion on demand will end. I will not sacrifice one American child for political gain. You can count on it.
 Senator Hatch.HATCH I'm a person of very deep conviction, and my 23 years in the Congress of the United States and the Senate proves that. As I've gone around Iowa, I've found a great deal of similarity and companionship and Iowa values compared to our Utah values. We're very much alike. I've got to tell you, I wasn't born in wealth. We lost our home right after I was born. As a matter of fact, I raised chickens as a young man, sold eggs door to door. When I went to college I worked as a janitor. When Ted Kennedy found that out, he said, Orrin, you should have stuck with it. (Laughter). I learned a trade. I learned a skilled trade and worked for 10 years in construction (inaudible) and I was a darn good worker, the best. And I want you to know that I've approached government that way as well. I've been married to the same woman for 43 years, we have six children and 19 grandchildren. I'm concerned about them and you...BACHMAN Senator Hatch...HATCH ... and I'll do my best if I'm elected president.BACHMAN Governor Bush.BUSH I want to thank my friends here in Iowa. I'm honored to have your support. I appreciate all the work you're doing on my behalf. I come to your state not from Washington, but from outside  a state called Texas. I've got a record not of rhetoric, but a record of results. In my state I led our state to the two biggest tax cuts in the state's history. Our test scores for our students are up. I've got fewer people on welfare. Texas is entrepreneurial heaven.BUSH It's a great place to take risks. My policies and my programs have been conservative with compassionate results, and that's the kind of president I'm going to be. I want to keep our economy growing by cutting the taxes. I want to be a free trade president so that Iowa farmers can sell their products all across the world. I want to strengthen and save Social Security. I want every child to be educated and not one single child be left behind in this great country.I'm running because I want the American dream to touch every willing heart for people that work hard for it. I don't want people to feel left behind in our country as we head into the 21st century.I'm asking for your vote. God bless you all.
 Thank you. Ambassador Keyes.KEYES Well, I guess  I guess I really do sometimes become impatient with the euphemisms that we use in this society. Because the truth of the matter is, my friends, we're not leaving unborn children behind, we are killing them. And we are killing them in total contravention of the most fundamental principle of this nation's life, that our rights come from God and not from human choice.You can talk if you like about budgets and Social Security and every other issue under the sun, but if we don't restore our allegiance to the basic moral principles that this country was founded on, we are going to lose our liberty.And the thing I most dearly want to do is make sure that my children and my grandchildren grow up in a country where they will be free human beings instead of the slaves my ancestors were. And yet in so many ways, because of our lack of moral confidence, we are surrendering the liberties, the Second Amendment rights, the First Amendment rights, the right to make our own choices and decisions in schools and in our own futures  we are surrendering those rights today because we no longer believe that we are the kind of people who morally are capable of sustaining the weight of our rights. We must restore the principles that will give us that confidence and then we will restore our country to its right path.BACHMAN Senator McCain.MCCAIN It's great to be back here in Iowa. I will be on the ballot. I hope that a hearty brand of  band of brave souls will go out and vote for me. I would appreciate your support.I'm running for president of the United States because I want to reform government.MCCAIN I want to reform the education system. I want to reform the military. And I want to reform the tax code. I want to get us in tune with this information technology revolution. I can't do that when we have a flawed campaign finance system  the hundreds of thousands of dollar checks that have taken away free speech, that have given the megaphone to the big-money people, and made you whisper in Washington.The cynicism which borders on alienation amongst young Americans disturbs me. I need to reform this system. We need to give the government back to the people. And then I can inspire a generation to commit themselves to causes greater than their self interests. I am prepared to be president of the United States. Please join me in this great crusade.BACHMAN Our thanks to all of the candidates. And our thanks to all of the viewers on MSNBC. And a special thanks to our viewers across the state of Iowa. We hope that tonight's discussion has helped you, as you prepare for the caucuses now just six weeks away. And a final thanks to Tom Brokaw for coming back to Iowa.
 Thank you very much, John. Thank you.Let me just say something that you need  you need to hear this from a reporter. Let me just say that it takes a lot of courage, and it takes a lot of energy to run for president of the United States. We all owe all of these men a great debt, as well as the Democrats who are running.It's a personal privilege for me to share this stage, not only in Iowa, but across the country, because there are few more important things that we'll do in our lifetime than pull the lever for the president of the United States, especially as we enter a new century. There's no piece of software that will do that for us. It requires our personal commitment with our mind and our heart. Your presence here tonight is a great tribute to your commitment as citizens to this process as well. Thank you all very much.ANNOUNCER This is a CNN Election 2000 special presentation "The Arizona Republican Primary Debate." Presidential candidates take questions from reporters and from one another in a key primary state.From the Orpheum Theater in downtown Phoenix, here now is the moderator Judy Woodruff.JUDYMODERATOR, CNN ANCHOR Thank you for joining us. Tonight we hope to give voters here in Arizona and all across the nation their best opportunity yet to compare the six Republican candidates for president and their specific views on the issues.We are in the spectacular 70-year-old Orpheum Theater. Built for vaudeville performances and movies, it is now a performing arts center. More than 1,300 people are in the audience here; they were invited by the Arizona Republican Party.Now, there will be three parts to this debate. In the first, part I will question the candidates along with my colleagues, CNN's White House Correspondent John King and CNN's Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley.Later, for the first time in this Republican presidential race, the candidates will have a chance to question one another. And they will give brief closing comments.Now to the candidates former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer; Texas Governor George W. Bush; Senator Orrin Hatch; Senator John McCain, who is with us via satellite from Boston; former diplomat Alan Keyes; and publisher Steve Forbes.Now, the candidates were introduced in the order in which they will take our questions based on a draw that was conducted earlier. My CNN colleagues and I will focus our questions on three issues which are important to the public and the presidency raising and educating children; taxes and government spending; and international affairs and national security.Now, the candidates did not know until just now which issues would be addressed. They will be questioned individually on each of those topics and have one minute to respond. Now, Candy Crowley has the first question for Gary Bauer on the subject of raising and educating children.CANDY CROWLEY, CNN CORRESPONDENT Good evening, Mr. Bauer.GARY BAUER (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Hi, Candy.CROWLEY There was another school shooting today...BAUER Yes.CROWLEY ... this time in Oklahoma. What I'd like to know is, on the first day of a Bauer administration, what is the first concrete step you would take to immediately make the nation's schools safer?BAUER Well, Candy, we didn't get into this problem overnight and we won't get out of it on one day of a new administration. For over 30 years in America, we've had a breakdown of basic values. We took God out of the schools. We had an erosion of reliable standards of right and wrong, the breakdown of the American family.I don't think this is a gun problem, as some would suggest. I think it's a problem of the heart and soul.You know, out at Columbine High School, Eric and Dylan came to school every day and they were giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. Nobody said anything to them, nobody sent them home, nobody took them to the principal's office. But if a teacher at Columbine had hung up the Ten Commandments, she would have been in the principal's office the same day.So Candy, as a start, when I'm president, there won't be anymore Nazi salutes in the public schools, and it's going to be OK to hang up the Ten Commandments again.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.John?JOHN KING, CNN CORRESPONDENT Governor Bush, while you echo the overwhelming majority of Republicans in saying that most education decisions should be made at the state and local level, you would mandate federal testing, cut off federal funds to schools that didn't make the grade, and tie other strings to the federal money that goes to the states. Isn't this very similar to the current administration approach that so many Republicans, including many of your colleagues here, say is the wrong way for the federal government to be involved in education?GEORGE W. BUSH (R-TX), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE It's not even close to what President Clinton thinks. I've got a record of reform in the state of Texas, and I'm going to take that to the White House. I believe that if the federal government spends money, say on the poorest of the poor children, we need to ask a simple question What are the results? What are the results? Are the children learning? And if they are, we ought to give bonuses to schools for the poorest of the poor. But if they're not -- if the poorest of the poor remain in trap schools, that money that would go to the school should go to the parent so the parent gets to make a different choice.I don't believe in national testing. I believe that local folks ought to develop their own tests and their own standards, because I strongly believe in local control of schools.I also believe in charter schools. I believe in education savings accounts, to give parents a $5,000 per year contribution, to be able to save for their children. Now my plan says less power in Washington, not more.
 Thank you, Governor.And once again, we would ask the audience to hold your applause. We know you all have favorites, and we like that. But we want to -- we do...Senator Hatch, in that connection, you support voucher programs, which of course, would provide government money for parents to send their children to the school of their choice. But even the most generous voucher program would only provide a fraction of what it costs to go to a private school. Doesn't this mean parents with limited means still won't have the ability to send their children to the best schools?ORRIN HATCH (R-UT), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Well, no. There are a lot of those vouchers that raise enough money. A lot of these private schools, a lot of these religious schools, a lot of the parochial schools, even some of the professional schools, sometimes they can take care of it for what the voucher will be. And many of these parents would pay the extra if they could.For instance, take the District of Columbia. There's a federal system, if you ever saw one. They spend $11,000 per pupil, and those are the kids who are getting the worst education in the country. The federal government spends 7 percent of the money for education in this country, and demands 50 percent of the paperwork -- 49 million man/woman hours.I have to say, the best thing we can do is provide a means where these kids in the inner city, that are not getting a good education, their parents know they're not getting a good education, to walk. Now if the moneys aren't enough, we should raise them so that they can be enough.And I believe in that. I really believe that if we do that the public schools themselves -- Elaine and I sent all of our kids to public schools -- we went to public schools. We're proud of it. And public schools are great. But when they're not working, those kids ought to have a chance to walk, and the voucher system will give them that chance.
 All right Senator Hatch.Candy.CROWLEY Senator McCain, welcome. You've said a number of times that no good teacher should be paid less than a bad senator.In January, senators will be making over $140,000 a year. Now without getting into the question of whether there are any bad senators, how could you pay anything even close to that? Who would fund anything even close to that for the good teachers?JOHN MCCAIN (R-AZ), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE You know, I that I would never allege that there are any bad senators. I win Miss Congeniality every year, as you know, in the Senate.Connie -- Candy, they may not need as much money as a $140,000 a year. Perhaps Senators don't need as much as $140,000 a year.When we vote ourselves pay raises all the time and the American worker is not making nearly the increases that we are, it's really wrong.But look, we need to test vouchers. We don't need to take the money from public education. We need to do away with corporate welfare and put that money so there will be a test voucher program in the poorer school district in America. We shouldn't have any federal bureaucrat deciding whether money should go to the states or not. That's decided by Lisa Graham Keegan (ph) and the people I trust in the taste of Arizona to run our education. Not the federal bureaucracy in Washington.And I will keep them out of it.I've give them money...
 Senator McCain, your time is up.All right, John King, the next question.KING Ambassador Keyes, welcome. Is there not a contradiction in saying on the one hand that Washington should get so far out of the business of educating our children that you would abolish the Department of Education yet saying on the other hand that you would use the bully pulpit of the presidency and federal legislation, if necessary, to push for more prayer in schools and for values and morals instruction?ALAN KEYES (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE I don't see the contradiction at all. First of all, using the bully pulpit is not coercion. And I have never suggested that I would use federal leverage to force state and local officials to adopt any particular approach to prayer in schools. I have simply pointed out that since we took prayer out, we seem to have let violence and decline in. And I think we ought to draw those lessons.But I strongly favor one principle Letting the parents take over this process. With the parents in the lead, we will know that the cooperation between home, school and faith has been restored.So the money we spend on education should follow the choice of the parents, not the choice of educrats, bureaucrats, politicians, who unfortunately have been manipulating this process in their own career interests, not in the interests of our young people.And I think once we do that, these other questions are answered. If we're able to spend six, seven, eight thousand dollars a year in our government school system on an individual student, then it seems to me we should be able to let parents decide where that per capita spending is going to go. And that way, every parent, rich or poor, will be able to make the right decisions for their child.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes.
 Mr. Forbes, while we're discussing children, six years ago Congress passed a measure to give short, unpaid leave to parents of newborn children or adopted children. This has been very popular; at least 20 million Americans have taken advantage of this.Now President Clinton proposes to expand this program by allowing states to use unemployment benefits to provide some paid time off for parents who otherwise couldn't afford to stop working. My question is Do low income parents deserve this kind of time off with their families?STEVE FORBES (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE You're absolutely right, Judy. All parents deserve time and all parents should have the opportunity to spend more time with their children. But credits from Washington, raiding unemployment funds is not going to do the job.The real way you give parents freedom is first let them keep more of what they earn in the first place. They shouldn't have to have an accountant to figure out what tax credits they qualify for. They should have it in their paycheck.Also too, I believe that as Alan and others have pointed out, we need to have parents have control of the schools so that they can go to schools where schools can have flexibility in terms of the time the children spend there.So the combination of genuine tax reform, where parents can make quality of life decisions, allowing parents to choose schools that work best for their children -- that's the way to move forward instead of micromanaging with credits from Washington, D.C. Trust us, not Washington.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Now let's focus on taxes and government spending. And for this round we are going to reverse the order in which the candidates are questioned. Steve Forbes will take the first question from John King.KING Mr. Forbes, look back at the past seven years. We have 20 million new jobs, 4.1 percent unemployment, low inflation, more than a tripling of the stock market. Yet you have been critical, not only as many of your rivals here have been of the incumbent president's economic stewardship, but also of the job performance of the Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan.What, in your view, has Mr. Greenspan done wrong? And if you were elected president, who would you nominate to replace him?FORBES Well, first of all, the prosperity that we're enjoying today, those foundations were laid by Ronald Reagan in the early 1980s. Let's not forget that.And it was -- and it was the Republicans who stopped some of the destructive nonsense of the Clinton-Gore administration that enabled us to enjoy the prosperity we have today.Concerning the Federal Reserve, as I've said before, Mr. Greenspan did a very good job in the early 1990s, but in the last couple of years he's fallen prey, fallen for this crazy theory, John, that prosperity causes inflation. And so they're trying to slow the economy down by raising interest rates. Why?It's like going to a doctor. The doctor says John, you're in great health, so we have to make you sick a little bit.It's a bizarre theory. And it's already wrought havoc in agricultural.It's going to hurt our economy. And in terms of replacement, there are a number of good people out there -- Jack Kemp, the head of the Dallas Reserve Bank as well.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.FORBES There are people who understand it.
 Thank you. Candy Crowley.CROWLEY Mr. Keyes, under your plan to substitute a 23 percent national sales tax for the current federal income tax, a poor family could save all year to buy a bicycle for their child for Christmas and pay the same tax as a wealthy family does. So no matter how many items you set aside and make exempt from sales tax, isn't it the heart of it this kind of tax, something that disproportionately hits the poor over the wealthy?KEYES Can't possibly be. The present tax system, which allows you to escape taxation if you're wealthy enough to pay accountants and lawyers, is what disproportionately hits the poor and the working middle-class people of this country. Under my system, you don't pay taxes until you decide how to spend your own money. And when you take it to the store and decide how to spend it, if you can't afford to be heavily taxed right now, you will confine yourself to those goods that are not taxed, to those goods that are necessities of life.And yes, that's going to mean some sacrifices, but it puts the question of how you develop your wealth base back under your control. You don't have to beg politicians and bureaucrats to get back in control of your own hard-earned dollars.But it also means that if you're a working person -- think about it -- before you have put bread in the mouths of your children, before you've put a roof over the head of those children, before you've put a stitch of clothes on their backs today, you pay the government. We're worse off than serfs. Serfs used to pay their masters after they were fed and clothed. We have to pay our master before we're fed and clothed.I think it's a travesty, and I think it's time we ended it.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes.Now a question for Senator McCain.Another question on the working poor Both Governor Bush's tax plan, Senator, which you have criticized as too costly, and your own plan, don't mention, don't include, the payroll tax. What do you say to the working poor of this country? For example, the single mother waitress, earning $22,000 a year, with three children, paying 15.3 percent of her income in a payroll tax. Shouldn't she share in our economic prosperity, the same as those at the upper income level?McCAIN Absolutely. And that single mother pays more in income taxes, and when you count them, Social Security and Medicare, than rich Americans do. And we're going to fix it.And we also want to remove a penalty if she gets married. There's no reason why she should pay more in taxes if she gets married. And if she gets wealthy enough, and works hard enough, so that she accumulates a business or a farm, then she should be able to pass it on to her children without it being confiscated.And I believe that we need to look at the working poor, and exactly the person you talked about, and provide them with the kind of tax relief they may need, including expanding the 15 percent tax bracket up to about $70,000 a year. And this is a serious problem, and one we've got to look at. There are terrible inequities in the tax code.Finally, we've got to get the special interests out of it, so it's not 44,000 pages long, and a nightmare for average citizens, and a cornucopia of good deals for the special interests in Washington, D.C.
 All right thank you, Senator McCain.John King.KING Senator Hatch, like Mr. Keyes, you have spoken of scrapping the current income tax code sand replacing it with a national sales tax, and you've said you're working on a plan.With just seven weeks until the people of Iowa cast the first votes in this race, can you tell us tonight what that rate would be and what specific exemptions you would propose to deal with the criticism as we've discussed, that such a tax could hurt the very poor people that it's intended to help.HATCH Look, I'm for any tax plan that will simply this awful tax code. I'm on the Senate Finance Committee; I deal with these matters every day. And I've got to tell you anybody in this room could be indicted for violations of the tax code because no two tax preparers in the IRS can compare -- prepare the same return.Now, I would like to see something like Alan is talking about because then people can determine what they pay by the consumption that they make.We're certainly going to have to take care of the poor through some mechanism that they will not have to pay as much as others. Under our current system, the bottom -- the bottom 50 percent of the earned income people pay about 5 percent of the total income taxes.But Judy is right, they get hit on the other side with these very awful payroll taxes. If you're self-employed, it's 15-point-something percent.You're looking at a fellow who is one of the five or less -- who actually convinced Ronald Reagan to cut marginal taxes rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986. Also, passed the Hatch-Lieberman bill to reduce capital gains rates from 28 percent down to 20 percent. I've actually done it. I've been there. And that's what I'm talking about.
 Thank you, Senator Hatch. Thank you, Senator.Candy.CROWLEY Governor Bush, let's suppose for the purposes of this question that the surpluses, the projected surpluses in your tax plan, fail to materialize in full or in part. What part of your tax package gets dropped first?BUSH I refuse to accept the premise that surpluses are going to decline if I'm the president. I think they're going to increase because my plan will increase productivity by cutting marginal rates.John brought up an interesting point. And he said -- or Judy's question to John was, how do we take care of people at the lower end of the economic ladder? It's important for the Republican nominee and the Republican Party to hear the cries of people who are on the outskirts of poverty. And that's why my tax plan drops the rates from 15 percent to 10 percent and allows for $1,000 per child credit for working people, and all people for that matter.It is a plan that cuts the rates by 50 percent on families of four who have got an income of $50,000. Republican Party is oftentimes associated with the big and the rich; we need to be associated with the working people. And I've laid out a plan to do that.I've also got a record of cutting taxes in the great state of Texas. More than -- nearly $3 billion of taxes returned to the people who work for a living in my state.CROWLEY Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.This question for Mr. Bauer, and we're still on the subject of fairness here. You and most of your Republican brethren advocate doing away with the inheritance tax or the estate tax. But doing that would cost the Treasury literally tens of billions of dollars a year and would benefit, as you know, only the top 1 or 2 percent income level in this country, the very richest people who inherit money. Now it's understandable why you would want to eliminate this for the family farmer, for the small businessperson, but for the very wealthiest, how do you explain that to everyone else.BAUER Well, Judy, based on a very basic idea, which is the money was already taxed once.What in the world, on what philosophy does the government get to say that they get another chunk of it when you're trying to give that money -- the results of your hard work -- on to your children and grandchildren. Double taxation has never been an American principle, and it shouldn't be a principle in this area. So I would do away with the estate tax. Judy, let me quickly address something else that you raised about basic fairness. I'm the only candidate here that has put on the table a 20-percent cut in the payroll tax. All of us know the current tax system isn't working. How we reform it matters. I've got a 16- percent flat tax. You keep your mortgage deduction, you keep charitable deductions, the first $20,000 is tax-free, and then what's left you only pay 16 cents on the dollar of.Unfortunately, Governor Bush would keep basically the current system. Mr. Forbes gives his corporate friends a brand new write-off that will allow many of them to pay zero. That's just not fair.
 All right, Mr. Bauer. Thank you.Our next area of questioning, international affairs and national security. Reversing the order once again, we begin with Mr. Bauer and a question from John King.KING Mr. Bauer, you opposed the U.S. military intervention in Kosovo on grounds, in your view, it was not in the vital interest of the United States. Just this past weekend there have been fresh reports documenting a Serb campaign to cleanse Kosovo of its ethnic Albanian population.Based on what we've learned since the end of the conflict, do you still stand by the view that the United States should have done nothing?BAUER John, this is a fundamental question, and Ronald Reagan used to talk about it at the White House all the time Under what conditions does an American president put our sons and today our daughters in harm's way.I think that there are many things happening in the world that we don't like.But even a rich, powerful country like the United States will be bled dry if we try to intervene every place where our hearts have been touched. Horrible things are happening in Kosovo, but they're also happening in Indonesia and in many other places around the world.We can use leverage with trade. We can use leverage with our foreign aid. But at a time when we have gutted the American military, taking us from 18 divisions down to 10, taking us from a 650-ship Navy down to 300, it is foolish and imprudent to be sending our men everywhere when the national security of the United States is not at stake.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.Governor Bush, while we are considering America's place in the world, you volunteered at last week's debate that you were now reading the biography of Dean Acheson. And my question is What lessons do you take from the successes and the failures of Acheson and George Marshall during that critical period in U.S. history? And how would you apply that to a Bush international policy?BUSH The lessons learned are that the United States must not retreat within our borders; that we must promote the peace. In order to promote the peace, we've got to have strong alliances alliances in Europe, alliances in the Far East. In order to promote the peace, I believe we ought to be a free trading nation in a free trading world, because free trade brings markets and markets bring hope and prosperity.And in order to keep the peace, the United States must be strong militarily. In a speech I gave at the Citadel, in South Carolina, I talked about the need to not only make sure that the morale in today's military is high, but also to make sure that we reconfigure our military. You see, if we get to redefine how war is fought, we get to redefine how peace is kept.The lessons of Acheson and Marshall are -- is that our nation's greatest export to the world has been, is, and always will be the incredible freedoms we understand in the great land called America.
 Thank you, Governor.Candy.CROWLEY Senator Hatch, the protests outside the World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle basically boil down to this that cheaper overseas labor, and less stringent labor and environmental laws put U.S. businesses and workers at a trade disadvantage. In a Hatch administration, would you require that environmental and labor provisions be put in trade agreements?HATCH Well, as you can see, that whole process fell flat on its face because the President was injecting into these debates, and into those negotiations, matters that just caused it to collapse. And it's a tragedy for this whole world.First of all, WTO is very important. I'm for having China join WTO. Why? Because it will undermine the very same police state that exists there today. I was in China in the late '70s, early '80s, late '80s, early '90s, and late '90s. And I've got to tell you, the differences between the '70s and '80s and today is just stark. And that comes because of economics, of being brought into the world market, of being able to participate.To be honest with you, what they did, is Frampton, one of the leaders in the Council of Economic Advisers, if I recall it correctly, said these people should have a role inside the negotiating room. And that's what caused the problem.The problem is, we should negotiate in the best interests of the United States, and it ought to be free and open world trade.MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you.John.KING Senator McCain, tonight there is an emotional kind of diplomatic drama playing out about a 5-year-old boy from Cuba, who lost his mother as they tried to enter the United States by water. The boys father back in Cuba says he wants his son back. If you were president of the United States, what would you do?McCAIN I'd say to Mr. Castro, let his father come to the United States and enjoy peace and freedom and be reunited with his son. We don't want his son to grow up under communist tyranny.Let me talk about Dean Acheson a second. When Dean Acheson walked into Harry Truman's office in June of 1950 and said, North Korea's attacked South Korea, Harry Truman didn't take a poll; Harry Truman knew what we had to do. If he'd a taken a poll, maybe Americans wouldn't have let us go.This administration is poll driven and not principle driven. We didn't have to get into Kosovo. Once we stumbled into it, we had to win it. And the fact is that this administration has conducted a feckless photo-op foreign policy for which we will pay a very heavy price in American blood and treasure.You have to have a concept of what you want the world to look like, where our interests and our values lie and how we are going to bring this world into the next century and call it again, the American century.
 Thank you, Senator McCain.Mr. Keyes, another Kosovo question.
 You have said that you thought the scale of Serb atrocities there was grossly over stated, and that what the U.S. did through NATO in intervening, was more dangerous than what happened than what happened inside the province itself. My question is There is this new report just out that -- by a neutral organization -- that confirms an overwhelming, brutal Serb campaign to drive out a million Albanians from Kosovo.Are you still -- do you still stand by your view than the U.S. through NATO should have stood by and done nothing?KEYES I understand the report confirms an intention, ma'am, and it's not entirely clear we react in foreign policy to intentions. We've got to react to facts. And the facts as they had been established on the ground do not support all the reports that came out in the course of that war, and you and I know it. The Pentagon has said so. Others have said so.We have got to be very careful not to lower the threshold of intervention. It was the pretext of the abuse of minorities in Poland and elsewhere that Hitler used for his aggressions, that other conquerors have used for their aggression.If we're to maintain the principle of non-aggression, that has been the bedrock principle for which Americans have died, then we've got to be very careful not to set an example ourselves that allows an easy pretext to be out there in the world for would-be aggressors.It's going to cause far more trouble than the trouble we resolve as we are discovering, I believe, right not in Kosovo.
 Mr. Keyes.Candy.CROWLEY Mr. Forbes, you have said that the Clinton administration has made promiscuous use of U.S. troops overseas. In a Forbes administration, what troops would you bring home from what countries?FORBES Well, first of all, they didn't have to send in troops to Haiti. We tried that from 1915 to 1934; it didn't work then, didn't work today.In Somalia, it was one thing to get the food on the ground, quite another for Clinton and Gore to play social workers and try to remake that benighted country. That was a mistake.In Bosnia, we didn't have to put ground forces there. This is not hindsight -- I wrote about it in the early '90s -- that if we have real diplomacy, we could have avoided that disaster by making clear to Milosevic that his victims, intended victims, would have the means to defend themselves. That would have solved that crisis without putting our people there. And when finally the Croats and the Bosnia Muslims got arms in '94 and '95, lo and behold, the aggressors were thrown out. We could have done the same thing in Kosovo.We do have very real interests in the world, Candy. We have it in Asia, we have it in Europe. But this throwing our forces around and then not having an exit strategy and not building up the military is a policy of disaster.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Now we move to the second phase of this debate; the candidates will question one another. Every candidate will get to ask a question and to answer a question. Once again, a draw determined the order in which we will proceed. Mr. Bauer will lead off the first of two rounds of questioning. He may direct his question to any of the other five candidates.Now, once a candidate has been asked a question, he will not be eligible to be questioned again during that round. Each candidate will have 30 seconds to ask a question. The responding candidate will have a minute and 15 seconds to reply. Then 15 seconds will be allotted to each candidate to ask a follow up to his initial question, and 45 seconds will be allowed for a response.Mr. Bauer?BAUER Could you go over that one more time?
 You all wanted it this way. Mr. Bauer, your first question and to whom is it directed?BAUER Well, my first question, Judy, is for Governor Bush, not surprisingly.Governor, I worked for Ronald Reagan for eight years, and he never gave the Soviet Union most favored nation status. He always insisted on progress on human rights and national security. Our new challenge is China. They persecute their people; arrest those who practice their religion; forcible abortions, et cetera. And yet you've embraced the policy of Clinton and Gore. You want to give them most favored nation status and membership in the World Trade Organization. Why not follow a Reagan policy instead of a Clintonian policy?BUSH I appreciate that, but you know how to insult a guy to say I follow the policies of Clinton-Gore. I don't. They believe in what's called a strategic partnership. I believe in redefining the relationship to one of competitor. But I believe competitors can find common ground. I think it's in our nation's best interest to open up Chinese markets to Arizona farm products, to Iowa farm products, to high-tech manufactured goods. It's in our best interest to sell to the Chinese.It's also in our best interest to make sure that the entrepreneurial class in China flourishes. I think if we make China an enemy, they'll end up being an enemy. I think if we trade with China and trade with the entrepreneurial class and give people a breath of freedom, give them a taste of freedom, I think you'll be amazed, Gary, at how soon democracy will come.And so I also believe -- so therefore I believe China ought to be in the World Trade Organization. I also believe that Taiwan ought to be in the World Trade Organization.But let me make this clear to you, and to the Chinese I will enforce the Taiwan relations law, if I am the president. If the Chinese get aggressive with the Taiwanese, we'll help them defend themselves.
 Thank you governor -- go ahead.BUSH Skip the applause.BAUER Governor, we would have never made the argument that you just made if we were talking about Nazi Germany. Is there no atrocity that you can think of -- the labor camps doubling in their slave labor, a bigger crackdown, more priests disappearing in the middle of the night? Is there anything that would tell you to put trade on the back burner?BUSH Gary, I agree with you, that forced abortion is abhorrent. And I agree with you when leaders try to snuff out religion. But I think if we turn our back on China and isolate China, things will get worse. Imagine if the Internet took hold in China. Imagine how freedom would spread. I told -- in my earlier answer, I said our greatest export to the world has been, is, and always will be the incredible freedom we understand in America. And that's why it's important for us to trade with China, to encourage the growth of an entrepreneurial class. It get's that taste of freedom. It gets that breath of freedom in the marketplace.
 Thank you, Governor.Thank you, Mr. Bauer.Senator McCain, you have the next question. And to whom is it directed?McCAIN It's directed to Gary Bauer.Gary, as you know, I and a number of others have been struggling to give the government of this country back to the people, and that is our effort of some years now to enact campaign finance reform, to stop this incredible inundation of big money into American politics.When I was trying on the floor of the Senate last time to get this reform enacted, I asked for you to support this effort. I'm pleased that you responded in the affirmative. Will you continue to do that and join me in making this a big point -- effort in this campaign and a major issue?BAUER Well, Senator McCain, I want to commend you for what you've done on campaign finance reform. There are some nuances that I might disagree with, but your overall point, I agree with you that large contributions from either big labor or big business to the two political parties are corrupting.It's one thing for somebody to donate a $1,000 to one of us, which is the federal limit, but when a corporation or a union can write a $1 million or a $2 million or a $5 million check to the Republican Party or to the Democratic Party, we all know that that buys access that no average American can meet.And so I will support your effort to fairly have campaign reform that gets at the special interests in both parties. I think we need to do it.And quite frankly, Senator, I have to say that on the China issue, which I just talked to Governor Bush about, that I think this is one of the things that's twisting our China policy.Instead of having our policy on our most deeply held values, we're allowing money, contributions from big corporations, and their desire for a fast buck in China to make us forget who we are. Trade with China is changing us more than it's changing China. So I will support you, Senator McCain.McCAIN On that point, we will never know how much money poured in from China and Indonesia into the Gore and Clinton campaign in 1996. On those lines, then will you commit with me ...... will you commit with me as the nominee of the party to reject any soft money, any uncontrolled contributions to the Republican National Committee or presidential campaign or anything to do with this upcoming presidential campaign?BAUER Absolutely, Senator. We disagree on a number of other things, but on this I stand in agreement with you and I look forward to working to a point where the American people will be able to put their cynicism about politics aside, and reach the conclusion that they do have as much chance as any special interest group in Washington, D.C., to affect the outcome of these important debates.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer. Thank you, Senator McCain.The next question from Mr. Forbes, and to whom is it directed?FORBES It's directed, Judy, to Senator McCain. Senator, we know with the Bush -- George Bush's tax plan -- that he leaves the IRS unscathed; the 67,000 lobbyists in Washington, D.C., their gravy train continues.The marriage penalty for moms at home continues. And also too, the capital gains tax remains untouched; cutting that is key to a prosperous future.In New Hampshire you indicted support for a flat tax. And I was wondering if you might put flesh on those bones and tell us what you have in mind for tax reform.McCAIN I thank you, Steve. And I want to thank you for your efforts on behalf of a flat tax. You struck a cord in American people, and I appreciate and admire what you've been doing.I think we've got to eliminate the marriage penalty; the earnings test; lift the -- raise the 15 percent tax bracket; put a level of $5 million on the inheritance tax so that 90 some percent of American families and farmers can pass on to their children their hard-earned earnings.But look, you and I know that this tax code is 44,000 pages long. It's an abomination. It's a cornucopia of good deal for the special interests. And it's a nightmare for American citizens.We've got to get rid of the special interests loopholes that are ripe in this tax code, and that's the first step in cleaning it up to reach your goal of a simplified tax system.I appreciate your efforts, but until the day arrives until we remove the influence of the special interests which have made so many young Americans cynical and even alienated from the political process, we're not going to be able to achieve your goal.But I look forward to joining you in it, and I applaud your efforts.And I thank you, Steve.FORBES Thank you.
 Mr. Forbes...FORBES Thank you, Senator. As a follow-up question, passing laws against lobbyists is sort of like passing laws against mosquitoes. Washington attracts....... Washington attracts mosquitoes -- Washington attracts mosquitoes the way -- Washington attracts mosquitoes the way swamps attract mosquitoes. Special interests go there. Don't we need to drain the swamp first to get the mosquitoes out of the way? Don't we have to get rid of the tax code first?McCAIN If I may...
 Mr...McCAIN If I may...
 Senator McCain.McCAIN Yes. Steve, if I may steal a famous line. It's very much like bears going after honey. I don't know where I heard that before. But the fact is -- the fact is if you want to drain the swamp, you take the big money away from the big-time K Street lobbyists, and that way they lose their power and their influence.Look, anybody wants the status quo in Washington, they don't want John McCain, because there ain't going to be the status quo when I'm president of the United States. You take away the big money, you're going to take away their power and you're going to break that iron triangle of lobbyists, big money and influence over the legislative process, which has so badly embarrassed so many of us. And it is the gateway to draining the swamp. And I thank you, Steve.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Governor Bush, you have the next question, and to whom does it go?BUSH Senator Hatch. Let me start by this way, Aye muchos espanos que viene en este estado -- there's a lot of -- there's a lot of Hispanic-Americans who live in this state. They're allowed to live in my state as well, which is a reminder that our party must broaden our base. I tried to use my compassionate conservative message to do just that in the state of Texas and all across the country.How do you intend -- how do you intend to reach the growing number of Hispanics? How do you intend to attract them to the Republican Party?HATCH Well, first of all, I think, Governor Bush, you deserve a lot of credit. You're one of the Republicans who really has reached out to women, minorities, especially Hispanics. You had a good black vote in the last election, the African-Americans supported you. I think that's the one of the strongest things that you have going for you.I have to say, you're not alone, however. Long before you became governor, I started the Hispanic Task Force in the United States Senate.We set up a task force of Hispanic leaders from all over America. We didn't care whether they were Democrats, independents, Republicans or what. We just picked the people that we thought were the best people would come together and try and give us ways of incorporating the Hispanic community, as well as the African-American community and other minorities as well, into the Republican Party. And we have a tremendously fine-going organization doing that to this day.And so you and I agree, it's a pathetic party that isn't going out there and doing everything it possibly can to win over women and minorities. And I've got to admit, I offered to do this in the last presidential election, to go to all the southern states, I was asked -- and the border states with regard to Hispanics -- I was asked to go one time.And I've got to tell you, we've got to do a better job this time. We're going to win that vote this next time and it's going to be because of people like you, people like me -- we're going to win it.BUSH One of the things that...... one of the things that I found in my state, particularly when I focused on education, is that when I announce we're going to abolish social promotion in Texas schools, which is a system that's so -- got such low hopes and low expectations, that minority parents said thank you, Governor, thank you. Do you have any comments on...HATCH Well, I think minority parents owe you, and I think Republicans owe you. You've been a great governor. My only problem with you, Governor, is that you've only had four and going into your fifth year of governorship in a constitutionally weak governorship. And frankly, I really believe that you need more experience before you become president of the United States. That's why I'm thinking of you as a vice presidential candidate.Because if you had -- just think -- just think -- Ronald Reagan picked your father because he had foreign policy experience. Somebody suggested the other day you should pick me because I have foreign policy experience. They've got it all wrong. I should be president. You should have eight years with me and boy, you'll make a heck of a president after eight years. I'll tell you.
 Thank you, Senator Hatch.HATCH I can only compromise so much.
 Governor Bush -- before you get carried away here. Mr. Keyes, you have the next question and to whom is it directed?KEYES I'd like to address my question to Mr. Forbes, because I know that you often say that you'd like to get rid of the IRS and the tax code and so forth and so on, but I'm slightly confused because it does seem to me that what you propose is not that we strike off the chains of tax slavery, but that we equalize them, in which case we will still have to have an agency -- I guess we could call it the happy face enforcer of equal tax serfdom. But...... but it would still be there. It would still be there. It would still be enforcing an invasive tax that would require that people tell the government what the government oughtn't to know.
 Your question, please?KEYES How do you abolish the IRS, if you don't get rid of the income tax?FORBES Well, Alan, whatever tax you have, whether it's the flat tax or national sales tax, you are going to have to have a collection agency to make sure the money comes in.The virtue of the flat tax is since you can do it on a single page, since it's simple, you don't need 110,000 agents to do it. You just need a handful to take in the paper, make sure the checks are attached, that they clear, and the job is done. The first -- and for tax serfdom, under my tax plan, the first $36,000 of income of a family of four is free of federal income tax. And you don't need an accountant to figure out what credits you qualify for.Also too, there's no tax on your pension benefits. You already paid the tax. No tax on Social Security benefits, and no death taxes. You should be allowed to leave the world unmolested by the IRS.And as I pointed out, this helps real working people -- a family in New Hampshire, the Daley (ph) family, mom, dad, three kids. They own a fish market. They figure they'd save enough money under the flat tax to be able to afford family health insurance -- real savings for real working Americans.
 A follow-up.KEYES Well, I think part of the problem is that since folks would still be subject under your plan to an income tax, when they wanted to give themselves -- when they wanted a tax cut, they'd still have to beg their politicians. I mean, under a sales tax system, they give themselves a tax cut by changing their pattern of consumption. So if we really want to give people control of their money, shouldn't we just abolish the income tax?FORBES Well, I think if you abolish it for lower income Americans, yes, that's absolutely true, and that's what I do.And as for the national sales tax, you know, either a flat tax or a national sales tax would be much better than what we have today. But there are challenges for a national sales tax. Depending on what you choose to exempt, the rate can be 20 to 35 percent.So a kid comes and cuts your lawn, you owe a 35 percent tax. You send your kid to college, pay tuition, 35 percent tax. That's real -- that's a real burden on people. You buy a new house, 35 percent tax.And also, too, you better make sure you repeal the 16th Amendment to the Constitution, which enables after the income tax, you're going to have both an income tax and a sales tax. And as for those IRS agents, I will support job retraining. I am compassionate.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Senator Hatch, your question goes to?HATCH Alan Keyes. You're all that's left, Alan.You're plenty, though, I'll tell you, you're great.Last week in New Hampshire, I proposed that all six of us leave our handlers behind, get on the same bus and campaign from town to town, through New Hampshire for a week, through Iowa for a week. And I'd be willing to amend that to include, of course -- of course Arizona for a week. I think this format would prove more valuable to the American people in picking the best Republican nominee for president.Of course, this will only work if all six of us agree to participate. Now, don't you think it's time we stop electing the best campaign and start electing the best candidates?
 We need a question.HATCH What do you think about that?KEYES Well, as I said at the time, Senator, I think it would be a wonderful idea, because I think that the American people deserve to see the person that is actually going to occupy that office and who'll be making the decisions.People can say all they like that you elect this team or that team, we are forgetting, aren't we, the old story of the loneliness of the presidency. The loneliness of executive power is not a joke. There are times when it all comes down to you -- to your experience, to your knowledge, to your understanding of the principle.If you can't stand on your own two feet, if you're always looking for somebody else to put words into your mouth, then at that critical moment of decision, who's going to take the place of the one who should be making the judgment?I think it is time that we put something in place in our political system that will allow folks to see individuals apart from all the folks who are their support, apart from the people who put fancy words in their mouth, and instead see how they think, what they think and why over a period of time that would give them a chance to understand how people can really perform when they're on their own.I'm not afraid of that tact. I've got to tell you, I'm not sure everybody else in this race can say that. But I think they'll be proving it if that's your position. And go out there and instead of running on their name or on their wealth, let's see them run on their abilities, as I'm doing. And if they can get as far as I have gotten, then maybe they deserve to go farther.HATCH Amen. What would...What do you think the voters of Arizona, Iowa and New Hampshire should do about a candidate who is not willing to forgo the scripted campaign appearances and campaign directly like this to the people?KEYES Well, I've got to tell you, Senator, far be it for me to try to dictate to the people of Arizona, Iowa, New Hampshire, the rest of the country. I will leave it in their capable hands. But I will say this, some times we treat this whole election business as if it's about what we do for voters. And, my friends, that is not true. It is about what the voters of this country are going to do for America. Whether they're going to have the good sense to make judgments that will be good not only for your selfish purposes, but for the purpose of perpetuating this nation's liberty and prosperity and justice so that our children and their children can enjoy it.The Constitution says, "secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."And that means that when you go into that voting booth, you're not just voting for yourself. You've got to vote for the future of this country.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes and Senator Hatch.And now we go to the second round of candidate-to-candidate questions. This time, Mr. Forbes will lead off and tell us to whom your question is directed.FORBES This will surprise you, Judy. It goes to George Bush.We know that Texas is the second-largest state in the union, that it is the 11th largest economy in the world.BUSH That's good.FORBES It's also first in the nation in oil production. OPEC in recent months has been jacking up prices by withholding production. That means, of course, the consumers and farmers are hurt because prices go up. New England's going to have a very expensive winter with heating oil. What would you do to get the price down again?BUSH I would encourage exploration. I mean, it's a matter of supply and demand. I would put -- I'd keep plans in place to say to our drillers We want you to continue exploring.I've also got great hope for the natural gas business. The natural gas business is immune to OPEC. The natural gas business is hemispheric in nature. The natural gas business is finally recovering from the foolish ways of the Jimmy Carter-era when they tried to nationalize, in essence, the natural gas business with price fixing and demand. The demand for gas has finally come back, as you know, Mr. Forbes.And so, I've got great hope...FORBES You can call me Steve.BUSH Let me finish, excuse me.FORBES You can call me Steve.BUSH I will call you Steve. The natural gas business is coming back. And that's good. That's how we become less dependent.FORBES As a follow-up question, that's very good for exploration. We need to open ANWR and the like. Also good for the future and natural gas. But right now, OPEC is putting the squeeze on. Oil prices have almost tripled in recent months.Again, what would you do now to get that price down now? Not a few years from now?BUSH Well, what I did...FORBES Also, too -- also too -- how low would you get the price to go?BUSH First of all, governments don't control the price of oil, at least in America, as you know. I did something in Texas that will have a near immediate effect, and that is decontrol our electricity system to invite a different type of demand into the equation in Texas.In other words, your focusing on the supply side. I think we need to wean ourself off of foreign oil and rely upon other products. And in my state of Texas, we're doing that. We've got a huge demand for natural gas, which is, as you know, is immune from OPEC and immune from overseas pricing controls.FORBES Thank you.
 Governor Bush, Mr. Forbes, thank you.All right, the next question from Governor Bush, and to whom does it go?BUSH John McCain.Senator, as the governor of Texas...McCAIN Call me John...BUSH What did he say?Call you Steve or John?McCAIN I prefer John, but if you want Steve, it's OK.BUSH Wherever you are out there.As the governor of Texas and as the -- which is the 11th -- if it were an economy, as Steve mentioned, we would be the 11th largest- nation in the world.I have worked hard to encourage faith-based institutions and organizations to help people in need. I've laid a specific program to do so should I become the president.What is your ideas on faith-based programs, and what specifically would you do to encourage their involvement?McCAIN I think you're on the right track, Governor or George or W or Bush.I think -- I think you're on the right track. I think it's important. I think that our charter schools in Arizona are a classic example of that. I walked into a charter school classroom in Phoenix -- I hope you'll take time to visit it tomorrow -- with Bill Bennett. On the desk was a -- was "The Children's Book of Virtues," the teacher was teaching the virtue of the month, which happened to be the importance of telling the truth.We need to inject that in all of our charter schools and in schools all over America. I would provide the much needed tax breaks that are necessary to encourage them. I would certainly make them part of any voucher program, a test voucher program -- which, by the way, I would not take out of education funds.On the issue of this oil and gas, I'd direct your attention back to what's going on in Chechnya right now, because there's vast gas and oil reserves in Azerbaijan and Central Asia. If the Russians control the outlets of that and overthrow those governments, then you're not going to get access to that and the price of oil is going to stay up and the OPEC companies are going to keep it in their grip.I'd pay attention to what's happened in Chechnya, and I'd stop the Russians from doing what they're doing. And that way we can bring the price of oil down.BUSH One of the things, John, that...McCAIN Thank you.BUSH ... that I've suggested is we allow non-itemizers to deduct charitable contributions off their income tax returns. Do you agree with that? And -- well, I'd like your comments on that idea.McCAIN Sure, I agree with that. And I also agree with many of the other tax breaks and incentives that you have proposed, and I think they're important. Many -- yours and mine are somewhat similar.But there's a big difference. I do not envision surpluses forever. Harry Truman used to say that he wanted a one- armed economist, because they always say, on the one hand and on the other hand. And the fact is that I don't know that we're going to have surpluses forever. That's why I'd take the money for tax breaks out of wasteful spending and corporate welfare.I hope that you would look at that way of addressing the issue of cutting the much heavy burden taxes of the American family.Thank you, George.
 All right, thank you Senator McCain, Governor Bush.Our next question comes from Mr. Bauer, and to whom does it go?BAUER Judy, my question is for Steve Forbes. But Steve, I want to be honest with you. The question is actually from my mother back in Newport, Kentucky. And I promised that I'd ask you today. She hasn't had a lot of formal schooling, but she's got a lot of good old American common sense. And she's got some real problems with your Social Security ideas. In fact she used the word "scheme" when she said something about it.She hears you say that current retirees will be able to keep all their benefits. But then you turn around and say the current workers will be able to take half their money out for these accounts on Wall Street. Since current workers' money is what's paying current retirees...
 Mr. Bauer, we need a question.BAUER ... aren't you trying to have it both ways?FORBES Gary, you can reassure your mother. I'm glad you're a devoted son.But you can reassure your mother that if my plan had been in place 30 years ago, your mother today would have two to three times the benefits she enjoys. And why you'd want a system to stay in place that gives such a rotten return to the American people, that allows the politicians to waste that money, spend it, misuse is, so those benefits are in jeopardy in the future, it doesn't make any sense. And in terms of the future, we are a rich nation, we can afford -- I've looked at the numbers, you can find it on my web site -- we can afford to keep the current system for those who are on it and those about to go on it.But I think we need an honest deal for the American people, for the American worker where their money, instead of going in the hands of the grasping Washington politicians, instead that money, their tax dollars would go to their own individual, personal retirement account. That way it belongs to them, not Washington. That way they have a more secure retirement, a better retirement. They're better off. America is better off. And your mother would have been better off. So, tell her in the future, mothers like your mother will have a better future.BAUER Steve, I think you might have just said more than you wanted to. It sounded to me like you were saying that you think Social Security when it was set up was a mistake.FORBES Oh, no. Quite the opposite, Gary.BAUER Where I grew up -- well, but you said 30 years ago we set up a system that had bad returns. Social Security kept the elderly in my neighborhood from living in poverty.FORBES Oh, no, Gary. No, no, no.BAUER Was it a good program or a bad program?FORBES Gary, the concept is a sound one; helping people in their older years. The question is, how do you do it in a way that the politicians aren't always wrecking it and going back on promises so that we hear proposals about raising the retirement age.Under my plan, not only will you have more for retirement, but also, you choose your retirement age. If you want to do it at 60, go ahead. If you want to work until you're 85, go ahead. It's in your hands, not the politicians.And in Washington, you know what they do with the money. They take it in, pay the benefits. And with the rest of the money, what do they do? They spend it. I've compared it. You heard the reference to bears; bears love honey even if they don't -- even if they promise not to eat it, you know they will. The politicians love money; they promise won't spend it, but you know they will.I want to do better by your mother than the old system did.
 That's time. All right. Thank you, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Bauer. The next question comes from Mr. Keyes. And to whom is it directed?KEYES I'd like to ask my question if I can -- can I still ask Gary?
 Has Mr. Bauer been asked a question? No, he has not.KEYES I'd like to address my question to Gary, because Gary, I know that you and I agree that we should have a linkage policy and that countries like China shouldn't be in the World Trade Organization. But in light of the fact that the World Trade Organization is an unrepresentative body based on an illegitimate principle of government -- it is not a body that contains entities that are based upon consent and yet it could make decision that affect the lives, jobs and livelihood of Americans.Our Constitution says that our representative bodies are supposed to be composed of states based on republican forms of government -- consent, not dictatorship for any of them. How can you support our membership in the World Trade Organization without violating our constitutional liberties?BAUER Well, Alan, as you know from some of our previous debates and discussions, I don't like bureaucrats -- bureaucrats that are out of the reach of the people. I don't like HMO bureaucrats. That's why I support a right to sue. I don't like Washington bureaucrats that are trying to run the schools. And I don't like WTO bureaucrats either.I think that when decisions are made that affect the way we live, that affect our jobs, that affect what we can do with investments and so forth -- those decisions ought to be made by people that we can reach; that if we don't like what they've decided, we can get rid of them. And I believe that in the case of the WTO, it's a system out of control.I don't agree with the demonstrators in the street. I think they had a lot of hidden agendas. That was the left fighting battles in the '60s. But they were right about one thing The WTO is not representative. It's an alliance between some third world countries and a lot of big corporations. And I think it's hurting American workers and American farmers.KEYES Well, a follow-up just to clarify the point, because I think this is terrible important. Because I too -- I don't agree with all their causes, but I think what caused them to go into the streets was that the WTO is a violation of our principle of representative government.We have signed on to something that is destroying our constitutional sovereignty. Do you believe that we should in fact withdraw from such illegitimate arrangements until we have renegotiated them on a more constitutional basis? BAUER I will take a look at WTO and GATT and all of those arrangements. I will first look to see whether there are reforms that can be made so that we can encourage trade. Because I believe that if the playing field is fair, American workers, American farmers, can out-compete anybody in the world.But if I find, as I suspect I will with WTO, that the system is so broke that it can't be fixed, that we've got to start over from ground zero, as president I am prepared to do that in order to protect American workers and farmers.
 All right, thank you Mr. Bauer, Mr. Keyes.The next question comes from Senator McCain, and to whom is it directed?McCAIN Senator Hatch.Orrin, you and I have worked on a couple of very important pieces of legislation in the past few years. One of them is the Y2K product liability reform act, which was very important to keep us from experiencing a flood of litigation as the result of the year 2000. The other one was the Internet tax moratorium act.As you know this was stoutly resisted by governors, Republicans governors as well.Don't you think we ought to make the Internet tax moratorium permanent?HATCH Yes, I really do. I really think that we ought to do it, because I think it's far overblown to think that the fact that people buy over the Internet is going to reduce mainstream USA. I think mainstream USA can compete very, very well.I mentioned last week, I asked my wife about that, I said Elaine, what would you do if you could order everything right over the Internet and have it delivered right to your home? She said I still want to go to the stores, I want to test things, I want to look at them, I want to enjoy it. I think she's not alone.I think there are a lot of people out there. But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't be encouraging one of the most important innovations in the history of the world, and that's the Internet.And I'll tell you what I'm worried about. I'm worried about, like everybody up here, I think all my colleagues would agree, I'm worried about the almighty hand of the federal government coming in and oppressing the Internet and stifling innovation and creativity and the greatest, really, innovation -- innovative approach we've had.Now, look, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I've been in the Senate for 23 years, I've had a lot of experience on a lot of these things, we handle most of all -- in fact, I handle all of the intellectual property issues. I've got to tell you, they are some of the most important issues in our government, in our country today. And we want to keep government's mitts off as much as we can. And if we do, we'll reap the benefits from it.McCAIN Well, Orrin, as you know, there are many Republican governors that are seeking Internet taxation on the grounds that they're being deprived of revenues when in fact it will adversely affect the entire e-commence and, according to recent studies, as much as 24 percent impact on commerce conducted over the Internet.
 We need a question, Senator McCain.McCAIN Mccain2000.com. How are we going to stop them, Orrin.HATCH Well, I think you should go to...... I think you should go to orrinhatch.com.And learn how to become a skinny cat, because I'm asking a million people to give $36 and I'll win this campaign for you and I'll make sure these things work.But let me just tell you this, the Internet is extremely important. My own governor is a very thoughtful, reflective person, and he's worried sick about mainstream USA. I'm worried -- I'm worried more sick about innovation, creativity and forward looks.And I think we've got to continue to foster and augment the Internet as much as we can and allow these great companies almost the full sway to keep going.On the other hand, we'll have to look at it very carefully and if we see there are some things where we have to -- where they have to be corrected, maybe we'll have to step in. But right now, I'm against it.
 All right, thank you, Senator Hatch. Thank you, Senator McCain. And the final question comes from Senator Hatch to Mr. Keyes.KEYES (OFF-MIKE)HATCH Listen, I can't think of a better person I'd like to be stuck with, let me tell you. Alan, as you know, I've been very concerned about some of these campaign finance approaches. I have no question in my mind that we need to change the system that we have, but I think that the McCain-Feingold bill is unconstitutional because it bars the parties from participating and leaving CNN, everybody else, every public interest organization can use the same money to participate. And it seems to me it's just plain wrong.What do you think about it?KEYES Well, I actually think that all of these approaches are wrong because they're based on a premise that I think is unconstitutional. If we have the right of free association, then I think we have the right to associate our money with the causes we believe in in any amount that we think is necessary to get those causes to work.HATCH Amen.KEYES If the government...... for government to step in and for these politicians to be dictating what we can do under that rubric is a total violation of our constitutional rights and I think we ought to abandon it. It turns out to be incumbency protection anyway. They will never devise a system that isn't in their own interests.Let's devise one that's in the interests of our freedom. More freedom not less -- simple premises that we should have -- very simple ones. No dollar vote without a ballot vote. You understand that? If you can't walk into the voting booth and cast a vote, you should not be able to make a contribution. No corporate contributions, no union contributions...... no contributions, whatsoever, from any entities that are not actual breathing voters who can go cast a vote. And when you cast that vote, it should be publicized right away. The whole world should know who's giving what to whom, so that the voters can enforce the result, not some gaggle of politicians acting in their own interests.I think if we have that simple system of liberty, based on our constitutional rights, then we will be able to exercise that liberty. And the people at the voting booth will decide what special interests should be driven out of politics, by driving out the politicians who represent them.HATCH I believe...HATCH I believe that the best thing we can do, is we do need reform but it should be disclosure, disclosure, disclosure -- on the Internet within two weeks of receipts and expenditures. What do you think of that idea? Because that's what we're doing at orrinhatch.com, I'll tell you that.KEYES That is...... that is exactly in line with the second point that I just made, because I think that at the end of the day, we should not try to have bureaucrats and other people enforcing this kind of political discipline. At then end of the day it's up to us, the voters. But how can we do it if we don't have the information?And you know the information we need? We need to know who's giving what to whom. And rich folks who want to give a lot of money to candidates and causes they believe in, they should be forced, not behind PACs and camouflage, but under their own names, right out into the political arena, into the heat and dust of the political fray.If they're willing to bear that kind of heat, then they can make their contributions. I have a feeling a lot of them won't be willing to bear it though. And that will itself regulate participation of money in our politics.But at the end of the day, publicity tied with our informed voting is the best way to regulate this system.
 Thank you.Thank you, Mr. Keyes, Senator Hatch. You all are having so much fun, we hate to stop this candidate to candidate questioning, but it is now time to move to the final phase of this debate when each candidate will have a minute for closing remarks. And we will begin with Mr. Bauer.BAUER Thank you, Judy.Thank you all very much. If the next century is going to be an American century, we must be ready and prepared to deal with issues of the human heart. We must rebuild the American family so that fewer of our children cry themselves to sleep at night. We have to teach our children to reject the message of the culture that says if it feels good, do it. And instead teach them to temper their liberty with virtue.We have to reach racial reconciliation by reminding each other that we're brothers and sisters because we were all created by God. We have to have a foreign policy built on American values found in the Declaration of Independence, not just from somebody's corporate line.And most importantly, we need to set another place at the table. This time for our own flesh and blood, our unborn children who ought to be welcomed into the world and protected by the law.This is what the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan ought to stand for, and this is what I will fight for as president of the United States.Thank you very much.
 Governor Bush.BUSH I've asked my great wife and our girls to join me in this cause because I believe the American dream must touch every willing heart, must help those who work hard to achieve the dream.I've got a conservative agenda that will reduce the taxes and not only keep prosperity alive, but to help people who live on the outskirts of poverty.I believe we can keep the peace by keeping America militarily strong.I want to make sure every child is educated and no child is left behind.I've got a plan that will encourage faith-based organizations to help people in need.And I've got a plan to make sure our Social Security system is safe and secure.I will work hard to unite our party, put an optimistic face on our conservative philosophy.I believe when we match our conservative minds with our compassionate hearts, we will earn the confidence, the respect and the votes of our fellow Americans.I'm asking for your vote. Thank you for your consideration and God bless.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Hatch.HATCH I have more experience in fighting for you than anybody up here and certainly more than the two Democrats who are running as well. I have a record of accomplishment that I don't think can be matched.I have a reputation for bringing those diverse elements together in Washington and getting things done.Look, I wasn't born to wealth. We were dirt poor. I didn't even realize it until I got to high school, then I realized it.I raised chickens and sold eggs as a young boy door to door; learned a trade; became a member of the AFL-CIO; became a journeyman lather; worked in the building construction trade unions for 10 years. I want you to know I worked as janitor when I went to college. It was humble work, but it was all I had -- 65 cents an hour.I understand you. I've been fighting for you for 23 solid years, and I know how to do it. And I'm not just talking about it; I've done it.I'm going to just end by saying we really need the leader of the free world to be a person of candor, honesty, intelligence and ability. I want to serve you. And if you'll give me the chance, I guarantee I won't let you down.
 Senator Hatch, thank you.Senator McCain.McCAIN I want to thank all my friends from Arizona who are here tonight. I've been honored to serve you and you've elected me on five separate occasions with 70 percent of the vote last time. And I've tried to represent you according to the principles of Barry Goldwater and Morris Udall and other great Arizonans. I've running for president because I want to reform government. I want to reform the tax code, which is 44,000 pages long. I want to reform the military so we can meet the post-Cold War challenges. I want to reform education so that every parent in America can have the choice of sending their child to the school of their choice.I can't do that unless we reform this broken campaign finance system. I commit to you until the last breath I draw I will rid this country of the special interests which have deprived you of your interests in Washington.I promise you I will do that and then I will be able to inspire a generation of Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interest.Please join me in this great crusade.
 Thank you, Senator McCain.Mr. Keyes.KEYES Thank you very much.You know, even in listening to the comments and things that have been made tonight, I guess I get a sense of some of the differences between myself and others who are up here. Because all of this business of standing in front of you and promising, I'm going to do this for you and that for you and we're going to take care of the other thing for you and tax codes, everything, this is not what this country is about. We are supposed to take care of ourselves, and the government's a mere instrument for doing a few things that we do collectively when we can't take care of ourselves. That concept was the one it was founded on. And I think we've -- we're losing confidence in it because we're losing confidence in ourselves; and we're losing confidence in ourselves because we've allowed the basic moral principles that guarantee our conscience and integrity to be abandoned and betrayed. So I think our first priority is to restore allegiance to those principles by making it clear that we do not have the right to destroy innocent life in the womb because God is the source of those rights, not human choice.And if we respect that authority, if we respect that authority, then we reestablish the basis for moral conscience, moral discipline...
 Thank you.KEYES ... and the kind of self-respect that is the true basis for confidence in our liberty.
 Thank you.Mr. Forbes.FORBES Thank you very much, Judy. Thank all of you for being here tonight and participating in this process.The purpose of my campaign is to give new meaning to Lincoln's words at Gettysburg where he talked about a new birth of freedom, that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.We're on the cusp of a fabulous and extraordinary era. But won't realize the extraordinary potentials that are out their, the possibilities, unless we have a break from the grip of politics as usual. Washington can't do it. Washington and the government is taking too much of your money, which is hurting the quality of life.We need a new birth of freedom for the freedom to be born. Freedom from fear of the IRS. Freedom for parents to choose schools that work for their children. Freedom for young people to choose where their social security taxes are invested. Freedoms for parents to choose schools that work best not only for their children, but their grandchildren as well.We can make these things happen. But I need your help. I'm one person, I can't do it alone. With your help, we will redeem the promise of America. Thank you very much and God Bless you.
 Thank you.Thank you, Mr. Forbes. And with that, we conclude this CNN Election 2000 presentation. We want to thank first and foremost, the candidates for your participation, your cooperation. We want to thank the people of Phoenix. We want to thank this audience. We want to thank the Arizona Republican Party.I am Judy Woodruff. And on behalf of my colleagues at CNN, in particular Candy Crowley and John King, all of us thank you very much.
 Good evening. Here in New Hampshire we have the privilege of casting the first votes for president in the nation. It also affords us the opportunity for extensive interaction with the presidential candidates every four years.
 The format for the questioning will work this way. Each candidate will have one minute to respond to a question from the moderator, and then 45 seconds to answer a follow-up question.A bell will sound when your time is up. [bell sounds]We anticipate five rounds of questions.Every candidate will not get the opportunity to have his say on every issue, so at the end, there will be time for closing statements.A draw determined that Mr. Bauer should get the first question, so let us begin.
 Senator McCain, in your home state of Arizona, and in Washington, D.C., fellow Republicans make an issue of your temper. It is one thing to feel passionate about the issues, but why is it that those who know you best seem to like you the least?
 Let me follow up, then. If you have friends in Washington  and I assume you do  why is it, then, a majority of your fellow Republican senators have endorsed Governor Bush while only a handful have endorsed you?
 Good evening, Mr. Keyes.
 In October you accused the media of being racist for their apparent disinterest in you during a press availability.Is that racism or is it a reflection of your standing in the polls?
 Well, to accuse anyone of racism is a pretty strong statement. After all, you're here tonight for all of the world to see and hear. So do you have any regrets about what you said?
 Good evening, Governor Bush.
 I'm going to give you a chance to respond to that. Is this code for "We're going to do it"?
 Governor Bush, if I may follow up, let me ask you point blank, would you consider or would you raise the age?
 Mr. Forbes, the next president will be dealing with the aftermath of the Microsoft antitrust case. Thus far, the federal judge has found in favor of the government, indicating that Microsoft violated antitrust laws. With high technology a key to the country's economic engine, is it in America's best interest to break up Microsoft, the way AT&T was in 1984, in order to foster competition in the software industry?
 Let me follow up.
 If you were president then, would you encourage the case against Microsoft be dropped?
 Mr. Bauer?
 You oppose the idea of personal retirement accounts as a way to reform Social Security. Instead, you propose an immediate 20 percent in the Social Security payroll tax.
 When the system is poised to go broke in the year 2012, how can you justify cutting the revenue stream that assures retirees their benefits?
 Let me follow up. I don't think you answered my question. There are a lot of senior citizens out there tonight watching who don't understand your plan and who fear that the money won't be there for them.
 Senator Hatch, should an individual have the right to sue his or her HMO if unreasonably denied medical care? Under current law, HMOs are immune to such lawsuits. As you know, the U.S. House has passed the Patient Bill of Rights, which includes a provision for such lawsuits. The Senate has a competing bill, and it does not contain that provision.So if the prospect of civil liability is the best means for preventing these kinds of unreasonable coverage decisions, would you support it?
 Well, some would dispute that. They would say the cost really is not the issue here. According to an independent study that was sponsored by the Kaiser Family Foundation, it showed that the cost of litigation against HMOs is really only between 3 and 13 cents per enrollee. So some would ask why then allow the HMOs this special legal status?
 Governor Bush, according to the Houston Chronicle, Houston is the smoggiest city in America. Do you support the EPA's proposed Tier 2 standards to desulfurize gasoline? Cleaner gasoline would help cut down on the ozone pollution, yet many refiners, some of whom are based in Texas, oppose the Tier 2 standards. Please tell us your position.
 But specifically, what about those Tier 2 standards?
 Senator McCain, the status of the U.S. Army's readiness is under scrutiny right now. They have difficulty recruiting. There is an internal dispute between traditionalists, who say the Army's strength is in its big guns and tanks, and those who say the Army should modernize to be able to deploy faster and lighter tanks. What's your take? Does the Army have a place in a modern military or is the U.S. Army obsolete?
 Well, if you say the Army's not obsolete, then what kind of commitment would you make as president to help the Army with readiness? I'm talking dollars.
 Mr. Keyes, America intervened in Kosovo when it became apparent that innocent civilians were being slaughtered. Now the same is happening in Chechnya. What should the United States do about Russia's military crack-down on Chechnya?
 So do we ignore what's happening in Chechnya? Or do you advocate, if certainly not engaging troops, something like withholding loans from the International Monetary Fund?
 Mr. Forbes, set aside your flat tax for the moment, if you would. What would you advocate as president to keep us away from inflation and out of economic recession?
 So you would not reappoint Alan Greenspan?
 Mr. Bauer, in New Hampshire, a young woman named Amy Boyer was murdered in October. What was startling about her death was that her killer had kept a public diary on a website dedicated to her for two years, including details of how he planned to carry out this murder. After she was gunned down, the website host pulled the plug, but only after authorities brought their attention to it.My question is this has the time come to police the Internet for content, and whose responsibility is it?
 Is it the role of the federal government to close off the Internet to these illegal activities like the child pornography you mentioned?
 Well, Senator Hatch, I'm going to stay with the Internet theme for a bit longer. Futurists predict that e-commerce will be a trillion-dollar business in the next century. Currently the Internet is not taxed. Should it be?
 If you don't tax businesses doing e-commerce, doesn't that put small companies doing business the old-fashioned way at a disadvantage because they are taxed?
 Senator McCain, several major HMOs are failing financially. The system isn't working. There is rampant patient dissatisfaction. What do you propose to fix it?
 Let me return to the issue of health care and HMOs. Given how expensive health care is, HMOs are now waking up to the fact that they can't deliver the promises they made to consumers and still be profitable. If, ultimately, HMOs disappear, what then fills the void?
 Mr. Keyes, I'm going to stick with this health care theme. I think it's important. The cost of prescription drugs is escalating. Many New Hampshire residents will board a bus and drive to Canada where it is cheaper to buy their drugs. What specifically do you propose to make those drugs more affordable for senior citizens who are on Medicare?
 Okay, now would you answer my question about the prescription drugs?
 All right, Governor Bush, we're going to give you a chance to swat at this tax question as well.
 Let me follow up. As you've indicated, you want to cut the federal income taxes for every American, and you do so on the assumption that there is a budget surplus. So what happens when or if that surplus goes away?
 Mr. Forbes, given how crowded airplanes are these days, with passengers complaining of lost luggage and delays, there are increasing cases of what's come to be known as "air rage." Is it time for Washington to step in and solve the problem?
 Mr. Bauer, six states have passed laws allowing for medicinal marijuana. Is it time for the government to regulate marijuana for medicinal purposes?
 Senator Hatch, you have one of the Attorney General Janet Reno's harshest critics, yet you've stopped short of calling for her resignation. Will you do so tonight?
 Thank you very much, Governor Bush. Mr. Forbes, you have two minutes to make your closing statement.
 Mr. Keyes, thank you very much.Senator Hatch, you have two minutes now for your closing statement.
 Senator McCain, thank you. Mr. Bauer, you get your closing statements.
 Thank you very much, Mr. Bauer.And at this point, we want to thank all of the six Republican candidates for participating in tonight's forum.
 Good evening, and thank you all very much for joining us here in New Hampshire tonight. As you all well know, here in New Hampshire we get a great opportunity to see the candidates up close and ask them very important questions face to face.
 And in keeping with that tradition, that is exactly what they're going to be doing over the next hour right here. There are about 300 voters from the upper valley of New Hampshire and elsewhere in this state, here in Hanover at Dartmouth's Moore Theater. They were selected by the Rockefeller Center at Dartmouth, which is a center for public affairs and civic leadership. They were chosen by lottery.
 Audience members submitted their questions in advance. WMUR-TV and CNN sorted through them for currency, also for timeliness and relevancy. Those are the questions which our five Republican presidential candidates will be asked to face from you tonight.
 Now, let's meet the candidates. From the left, let's welcome Senator Orrin Hatch......Senator John McCain......former Ambassador Alan Keyes......former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer......and publisher Steve Forbes.Governor George W. Bush declined our invitation.Each of the candidates -- each of the candidates will have 90 seconds to answer questions posed by voters in this audience.
 Let's begin with our first question. Would you please state your name, give us your home town, and then pose your question to the candidate?QUESTION Hi. I'm Cindy Biddinger and I'm from Hanover, New Hampshire. I have a question for Senator McCain. Should the Republican Party be more inclusive by encouraging pro-choice voters to support their candidates?
 Thank you, Senator.
 The next question for Steve Forbes.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.Our next question is for Mr. Bauer. State your name and your hometown, please.
 Excuse me, ma'am.
 Excuse me, ma'am. Our next question is...
 Excuse me, ma'am. Let's move on to our next question.
 Let's go on with our question. Say your question.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer.Next question here for Senator Hatch. Please tell us your name and where you're from.
 Senator.
 Thank you, Senator, very much.Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Go ahead.
 Thank you, Ambassador Keyes.  Our next question for Gary Bauer.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer, very much.  Our next question is for Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Next question directed to Senator McCain. And please tell us your name and where you're from.
 Senator. Thank you very much, Senator.Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Will you please state your name and your home town for us please?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes.The next question for Senator Hatch. Please tell us your name.
 Senator, thank you very much.The next question is for Mr. Forbes. Give us your name and home town sir, please.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.
 Our next question for Gary Bauer.
 Mr. Bauer, thank you very much.Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Would you state your name and your home town, please.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Our next question for Senator Hatch. Tell us your name, please.
 Thank you very much. I don't mean to interrupt, but thank you.Our next question is for Senator McCain. Sir, will you state your name and your home town for us, please?
 [off-mike]
 There was another very good question that was submitted tonight. The person who submitted it could not be here. But we want it to be asked, so we are going to take the liberty of asking a question about taxes. And we're going to pose it to all of you and give each one of you an opportunity.The question has to do with tax reform, the tax overhaul that has been proposed, the so-called "flat tax." We want to ask each of you do you favor a flat tax. If so, at exactly what rate. And I'm going to begin on the left with Senator Hatch.
 Senator Hatch, thank you very much.I don't think any of our candidates are having any problems addressing this issue.Senator McCain, you're next.
 Ambassador Keyes.
 Ambassador Keyes, thank you very much.Mr. Bauer.
 No, it wasn't. It was a voter.
 Mr. Bauer, thank you very much. Now an opportunity for you, Mr. Forbes, to respond.
 Mr. Forbes, Mr. Forbes.
 Mr. Forbes, thank you very much.  Let's now go -- let's go back to our studio audience for another question. Sir, will you please state your name? Give us your home town and then address your question. I believe it's for Ambassador Keyes.
 Thank you.  Thank you, Mr. Keyes.The next question for Gary Bauer from this side of the theater. Go ahead.
 Thank you, Mr. Bauer, very much.Let's go over to this side of the auditorium. Our next question is for Senator McCain.Can you give us your name and your home town please?
 Senator, McCain...LOSER.... future of our kids rests upon it. Thank you for the question.
 Thank you.The next question from this side of the theater for Steve Forbes.
 Mr. Forbes, thank you.The next question is for Senator Hatch. And it comes from this side of the theater. Give us your name and your hometown.
 Thank you. Senator Hatch, thank you.That, unfortunately, concludes the question part of our format. We just have a little bit of time left. And, in that time, we'd like to give each candidate 20 seconds to sum up for the evening, and we're going to begin on the right this time with Steve Forbes.
 Thank you, Mr. Forbes.Mr. Bauer?
 Mr. Bauer, thank you very much.Mr. Keyes.
 Thank you, Mr. Keyes.Senator McCain.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. McCain.Mr. Hatch.
 Thank...LOSER... is going to be very important.
 Thank you, Mr. Hatch.
 We are out of time tonight.
 That's it.
 Want to thank you.
 That's it. Thanks to Dartmouth and to all of you.
 Good evening. We're here tonight in the studios of New Hampshire Public Television. Joining us are five Republican candidates--and one who is not. They are Gary Bauer, Senator Orrin Hatch, Steve Forbes, John McCain and Alan Keyes. Tonight's forum will be divided into the following three categories first the economy and health care, then foreign affairs, finally social issues and education. And the candidates have chosen their seating order and each question that begins by a draw--who begins each section by a draw.So we'll start with the guy who drew the short stick, Gary Bauer, on the economy. You gentlemen are here in New Hampshire at a time that's not only beautiful physically, but it's quite happy economically. Eight years ago that was not the case here. It was in terrible shape, banks were closed, people were losing high tech jobs. Now things are very good here. Why would voters want to change?
 Senator Hatch, why change?
 Mr. Forbes?
 Senator McCain?SENATOR JOHN McCAIN There's a number of reasons why we are experiencing this almost unprecedented prosperity--among them are lack of regulation, free trade, and most importantly we are going through a revolution the likes of which the world has seldom seen. You could compare it to either the invention of the printing press or the Industrial Revolution. This information technology period that we're going through is incredible, it's exciting and it's wonderful to be an American and it's wonderful that America leads. That all is not necessarily permanent.We have an opportunity now; we're wiring every school and library in America to the Internet. The kids on the Navajo reservation in Chemehuevi and Window Rock are going to have the same access to information and knowledge as the kids in Phoenix and Paradise Valley. This is a wonderful opportunity; we must make the most of it. It requires and education that's worthwhile; it requires good teachers; it requires choice and competition in education, and it also requires the equipment necessary for these young people to have this opportunity. The bad news is we are experiencing a growing gap between rich and poor in America--those who've taken part in this and those who can't. Here in New Hampshire the highest percentage in all of New England of high tech workers is here in New Hampshire. The people and the leaders of New Hampshire should be very proud of that fact, and I intend to make sure that this information technology reaches its fullest capability.
 Mr. Keyes?
 Well New Hampshire certainly seems to believe that way up until now; we'll see what today's vote in the Senate in New Hampshire means for that. You brought up the question of moral issues and we're talking about economics here, but the Conference of Catholic Bishops sent out this week a list of questions for all voters to ask their candidates. And since I'm a good Catholic girl and I have candidates in front of me, I'll ask at least a few of the bishops' questions as they go through these categories. And one of them, when it comes to economics, is how will we overcome the scandal of a quarter of our pre-schoolers living in poverty in the richest nation on earth? Who wants to take it? Go ahead, and from here on out I expect you all to jump in and answer these questions.
 I'll come to you, both of you Senators. It's remarkable, the Senators have not spoken. The families where both parents are working and the family's still poor and the kids are poor. Is minimum wage, raising the minimum wage the answer; what's the answer there?
 Can you eat example, can you eat example, can you take example to the hospital and pay for it?
 Senator McCain?
 We're going to have a whole education section later--
 We only have a few minutes left in this segment so let's do health care, and you can add what you want to add when you're talking about health care. I'm sure you will. And that is that we now do--you brought up the number of people who are not receiving health care--there is now some sense, in the same way that old people do get health care in this country, that maybe children should have the same kind of health care that old people are getting. Do you think that's right?
 That--
 How--this is a frustration of people. The insurance companies are making their decisions...
 All right, you've had the last word on that subject, 'cause now we're moving on to the second category.
 Now we're moving on to the second category. The second category is foreign affairs, and Senator Hatch has drawn the lot for the first question on foreign affairs and again we will go around the group with each of you with a time limit on this first question only.The president, President Clinton's national security adviser Samuel Berger, has been complaining about a neo-isolationism that he says is abroad in the land, particularly in the Republican Party. He points to an unwillingness to engage, the refusal to pay UN dues, the cuts in the foreign aid budget, that we've not funded the Middle East peace accords. Where do you stand on that Senator?
 Mr. Forbes.
 Senator McCain.
 Mr. Keyes.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Well, let's talk about trade. Because trade is a big part of our economy; it's the fastest growing sector in the economy. Without this kind of trade we would be having the economy we're having. Is it a good idea or not?
 You want to hold it up--
 Go ahead.
 What about, what about--
 What about joining the World Trade Organization? All right go ahead.
 I'll let you get in here Mr. Keyes and then we'll move on.
 Not your turn.
 All right, let's move on to another part of foreign policy which is--UNIDENTIFIED Can Steve say one thing?
 I need to be tough with you all.When Pat Robertson gave his key speech to the Christian Coalition this year he talked about Third World poverty--that was his message. Again back to the bishops, they ask a question How do we address the tragedy of 35,000 children dying every day of the consequences of hunger, debt and the lack of development around the world? What about this question of Third World debt, and what about this question of the United States' moral role in the world?
 Mr. Bauer, you have been short-shrifted in this segment.
 But what about the people in these countries?
 Is it American taxpayers or American banks?
 I asked you was it a moral--does the United States have a moral stake in the world?
 Mr. Forbes, you have--we're about to finish this segment and you have the first question in the next segment so let me turn to Sen. McCain who's desperate.
 We're now moving on to the next segment--
 Now we are moving on; now we are moving on segment. No. Which is--
 Mr. Keyes we need to move on--
 ...need to move on to education and social issues. And Mr. Forbes has the first question on education and social issues.And that is Nationwide, education is being cited by voters as the number one issue. Here in New Hampshire even more so it's being cited by voters as the number one issue. Now that could be because New Hampshire feels it's in something of an education crisis since the Court has thrown out its primary system of financing the schools. And today the State Senate voted for an income tax to try to finance the schools. We'll see how that all comes out; it's politically very up in the air. How do we get bollixed up like this and how do we get out of it?
 Senator McCain?
 Mr. Keyes.
 Mr. Bauer.
 Senator Hatch.
 You know all of you have supported choice in some form.
 Yesterday the House of Representatives, the Republican-dominated House of Representatives took a vote on school vouchers. They went down. It also took a vote on Title I, the program for the disadvantaged. It succeeded overwhelmingly Would you all have voted that way and why do you think Republicans in the House did?
 Go ahead Senator, I think it's--
 Well what about this question of how the Republicans are voting?
 Well again that was before the Congress--it never happened.
 Let me ask another judicial question. Yesterday in the Senate there were a couple of votes, one on partial birth abortion, which was overwhelmingly voted against, but not overwhelmingly enough to override a presidential veto. One on upholding Roe vs. Wade. Senator McCain, you weren't there for that vote. How would you have voted?
 And--go ahead.
 Senator Hatch, today in response to those votes yesterday Governor Bush said here that people should be able to disagree about abortion rights and [inaud] to support adoption. Should people be able to disagree on this subject?
 Should other people be able to disagree?
 Mr. Forbes, I need to get you in here.
 We're just about out of time. Go ahead Senator McCain and then I want to ask you all one last quick question.
 Now let me just ask you very quickly, because we're really out of time. Pat Buchanan, not here tonight. We expect him Monday to announce that he's leaving the Republican party. Good? Bad? Why?
 All right, now I just need yes, no.
 Good evening. Good evening. Love that southern hospitality. Good evening to all of you in the Peace Center for Performing Arts here in Greenville, South Carolina, and to our national television audience as well. This is a very important occasion, obviously. This is the first of the southern primaries in this long election year, one of seven states that will hold primaries or caucuses next Tuesday.And we want to give a special thanks to the Young Democrats of South Carolina and Furman University, who are the sponsors here tonight.Our seven candidates on stage are in positions that were by draw. They will have one minute to respond to my questions, 30 seconds for rebuttal, but we're not going to have any lights or buzzers. We will be keeping track backstage to make sure that everyone gets an equal distribution of time.So let me now introduce to you the real stars of the evening, these candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination.Gentlemen, I don't want to dwell on this, but there's no question about the fact that the configuration of this race has changed as a result of what happened both in Iowa and New Hampshire -- big victories for Senator John Kerry.The voters there told us that electability was a big issue, so we're going to take just a few moments at the beginning to talk about how the race has changed.We're going to start with you, Senator Kerry, because you made three speeches in New Hampshire in which, to a lot of people in the South, it appears that you were kissing off this region, until your friend Senator Fritz Hollings got to you, and then you began to sing more warmly about the South.On the other hand, I ran into a man last night, a Republican who's not happy with George Bush, but when I raised you name he said, "Big liberal from Massachusetts."How can you come South, given what you said about the Democrats making a mistake in spending too much time worry about the South...
 ... and expect to do well here.
 Thank you, John Kerry.Senator Edwards, you've got a lot at stake here. Is this a do- or-die race for you?
 But if you don't win, do you go forward from here?
 Governor Dean, you have made a big change in your campaign this week. You fired the man who brought you to this dance.
 You brought in somebody from Washington D.C. who was in the Clinton White House, promised he wouldn't go to work as a lobbyist, then immediately went to work as a lobbyist. He is a quintessential Washington insider, admired by a lot of people in the party. But doesn't that change the whole DNA of the Howard Dean campaign?
 Now a telecommunications lobbyist.
 I want to get out of the horse-race business and into the substance of this campaign in just a moment.But let me ask you, General Clark, and Senator Lieberman, and Congressman Kucinich, and Reverend Sharpton, the party chairman Terry McAuliffe says if one of you guys doesn't win one of these primaries in the next week, let's make it the next two weeks, in which there are a lot of primaries, you ought to think about getting out of the race.If any of you don't come in first in any of these many primaries coming up in the next two weeks, will you get out of the race?
 And Congressman -- Senator Lieberman, if you don't win one of these races, will you get out of the race? Now, I know you're going to take that as an opportunity to make the same kind of...
 ... that the general just did.
 But it's a legitimate question for the people of this country, and especially for the people of your party.
 I'm going to ask the audience one more time to just -- I know that it's a partisan group, but -- so that we can move right along.
 And Reverend Sharpton?SHARPTON Well, first of all, I think this is beyond politics. This is about the direction of the party.I fully expect to win primaries in the coming weeks.But I'm going to win because I'm speaking the issues and interests of people that have been ignoring.It's almost contradictory to say, "If you don't win, get out."Did you come in to win, or did you come in to stand up for something -- and make that win?And I think that that's what's wrong. We have become too cheap. We act like we're at a race track betting on horses, rather than dealing with the fact that 75,000 lost their jobs in South Carolina.And there are people that I can bring into the process that won't come in if someone like me is not in the process.They ought to want all of us to stay in and bring our constituency to the table rather than try to eliminate.I've been inspired in this campaign hearing John Edwards talk about he's a son of a mill worker. Well, I'm the son of a man who couldn't be a mill worker because of the color of his skin. But his son can be the president of the United States.
 Reverend Al, thanks very much. Governor Dean, you said, appropriately enough, that you really did bring Iraq into this campaign in a very dramatic fashion.All this week, we've been hearing from David Kay, who was the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq, saying that the intelligence was almost all wrong. He's now called for an independent commission to investigate what in fact went wrong.And at a hearing before the Armed Services Committee the other day, Senator Edward Kennedy said there was a deliberate manipulation of the intelligence.You said that the books were cooked. Cooking the books means that there was a fraud of some kind, in an attempt to achieve something that wasn't in fact true. David Kay has said that that wasn't the case. He thinks the president was just simply abused by the intelligence agencies.
 But in fairness, David Kay also told me the other day that he thinks now, looking back, that the two years before we went to war was the most dangerous period in Iraq in a long, long time because it was spinning out of control. Saddam Hussein was not in charge. There were people coming in and going out of the country, including well-known terrorists.You saw the defense -- you saw the National Intelligence Estimate, Senator Edwards, as a member of the Intelligence Committee. Did you believe it when you saw it? And was that the basis for your vote, which you enthusiastically talked about when you made the vote to authorize war against Iraq?
 Senator Kerry, Governor Dean has made a very serious charge against the vice president, saying that he went to the CIA. We know that he did that, but do you believe that he berated middle-level people at the intelligence agency to, in effect, shape the intelligence that he wanted?
 Senator Lieberman, do you think that Libya would have given up its weapons of mass destruction if the United States had not invaded Iraq?
 General Clark, your friend, Congressman Kucinich, would pull the United States troops out of Iraq right away and go to the U.N. and say, "You go in and take over the peacekeeping there."Would you tell him about what happened when we had U.N. peacekeepers in Bosnia?
 Well, tell me what you would do.
 I shortcut several of the steps that you would make, but nonetheless, you would turn over the security eventually to U.N. peacekeepers.
 Reverend Sharpton?SHARPTON I think that we cannot go quickly past the president giving the wrong premise to the American public to get support. Had he said, "We're going to war because Saddam Hussein is a bad guy," the public would not have rallied around that.We were told, in the wake of 9/11, we were in imminent danger with weapons of mass destruction. We cannot allow him to change this now and say we were just after Hussein because he was a bad guy. Everybody knows Hussein was a bad guy, and there are other bad guys who we didn't go after, and we didn't lie about it.I preached the funeral of a young man, Darius Jennings, who died shot down in a helicopter in Iraq. I preached it right here in Orangeburg, South Carolina. His mother was told he went to war to protect us from weapons of mass destruction. She was not told he went to war because we have a bad guy over there, because there's any number of bad guys. We should find a way to get rid of bad guys, but lying to the American people is not the way you run a country, and George Bush ought to be removed for that.
 On that note, we'll say that we're going to continue this discussion, talking about the United States, the West for that matter, and its relationship with the nation of Islam, the war on terror, and especially here in South Carolina, what happened to all the jobs and how can they be replaced?
 We're back on stage at the Peace Center for Performing Arts in Greenville, South Carolina, with the seven presidential candidates contesting for the Democratic presidential nomination. South Carolina's primary is next Tuesday.Senator Kerry, let me ask you a question. Robert Kagan, who writes about these issues a great deal from the Carnegie Institute for Peace, has written recently that Europeans believe that the Bush administration has exaggerated the threat of terrorism, and the Bush administration believes that the Europeans simply don't get it.Who is right?
 Where has the exaggeration been in the threat on terrorism?
 General Clark, you've been quite outspoken in blaming the Bush administration for the terrorist attacks of 9/11. You better...
 That's the premise of my question. The fact of the matter is that I said I think that you know better than anyone is that we were under attack in this country by Osama bin Laden well before George Bush took office the original attack on the World Trade Center, the attack on the USS Cole in the Arabian Sea, the attack on the U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya, which happened during the Clinton administration.Was there an inadequate response to terrorism during President Clinton's term?
 You don't have to be on the inside. We know what happened.
 I dislike telling a general that he has to stop, but you have to stop right there.Congressman Kucinich, you were serving in the House of Representatives during the Clinton administration. You weren't raising your hand and say, "Hey, wait a minute. We're being attacked in our embassies; our ships are being attacked. Khobar Towers was attacked in Saudi Arabia. What are we doing about that?"You've often been an early alert system for a lot of urgent issues in this country, but it simply wasn't on the agenda, was it, in the Congress, as well, during the previous administration?
 Senator Lieberman, the president said the other night in the State of the Union address, "I don't need a permission slip from the United Nations to defend the natural security interests of this country."Isn't that a legitimate position for a president of the United States?
 Reverend Sharpton, there is a great war going on in the world between the West and the Nation of Islam. And the United States, at the moment, is losing the war for hearts and minds. Everyone agrees on that, whatever their political position happens to be.Specifically, what should the United States be doing in terms of programs? And how much money should it commit to find common ground between this country and the democratic ideals that we all embrace and the Nation of Islam?SHARPTON Well, first of all, I assume when you say "the Nation of Islam" you're talking about Islamic nations, because there is a Nation of Islam in the United States that has nothing to do what you're talking about.So I'm just asking for clarity.
 I'm talking about Islamic nations.SHARPTON You're talking about Islamic -- first of all, I think...
 No, no, I'm talking about the Islamic movement around the world, because it really does transcend nations in many ways.SHARPTON But, in many ways, I think that we can't allow the distortion, because Mr. Bush and some of his crowd have said they represent a Christian view against the Islamic. And I don't think Christ could join most of their churches.So, I mean, I don't agree with the speech.
 You said that President Bush said.SHARPTON I think that they called themselves supporters of the Bush administration.
 Not the president himself?SHARPTON Not the president himself.
 We're now one-for-one here.SHARPTON But many of their supporters talk about how they represent Christianity. I don't think they represent Christianity any more than some of these murderers, and mass murderers, represent Islam. So let's not blame the religion. Let's blame those that use religion to do some ruthless, deadly, wicked acts.Now, having said that...Having said that, I think we should build relationships with those nations around the world, and I have visited them. And how do you build relationships? Work with them on things of self-interest. Many of them need clean water supplies, clean sanitation, trade. They would become our partners if we engaged in partnership. But I don't that the way we do that is attacking people's religion, trying to act like our religion is better.And as far as Mr. Bush saying that he doesn't need a permission slip from the U.N., he doesn't think he needs votes from the American people to be president.
 Senator Edwards, do you think they would get enough help from our so-called Arab allies in this fight that is going on between those members of the Islamic movement who believe that we're unworthy and heathens in this country, and what the Bush administration is trying to do to close that schism that exists in too many areas?
 Before we end this segment, Governor Dean, let me ask you, there is an attempt now on the part of Republicans, as well as Democrats, to modify the Patriot Act. There's something called SAFE that a lot of Republicans have signed on to.Today, the attorney general warned that it would prohibit, or at least restrict his ability to wiretap terrorist suspects. And he said, if it's passed, this president will veto it.
 When we come back in just a moment, we're going to talk about the issue here in the state of South Carolina, the loss of jobs in the last three years and what happens to the future of this economy.All that and more when we come back from Greenville here on MSNBC in a moment.
 We're back in Greenville, South Carolina, with the seven Democratic candidates for the presidential nomination of their party.And in this state, there is no bigger issue than the issue of jobs. South Carolina's lost more jobs than at any time since the Great Depression -- 28,000 in the textile industry alone in the past three years or so.Governor Dean, wherever I go, you ask people, "Why did that happen?" they'll say, "NAFTA, it's all about NAFTA." They're moving offshore because these foreign countries and foreign companies have a much better deal.You were endorsed by former Vice President Al Gore. No one played a larger role in getting NAFTA passed and pushed through than the man who endorsed you, Vice President Gore.
 Senator Lieberman, NAFTA has become the bogeyman of this campaign, especially among Democrats. It was passed by your party.
 Was it a mistake?
 Congressman Kucinich, I know you have some strong feelings about NAFTA, but let me just preface your remarks with this observation.This material that's coming in now from foreign countries -- it's a tragedy to lose the jobs here in South Carolina, but if you go to Illinois or California or the Great Plains and people go to Walmart or Costco or any of the other big, big stores these days, they kind of like those prices. They've gotten used to the idea of not paying as much for shoes or shirts or clothing or any other number of items because they are manufactured offshore.
 Congressman, thank you very much.Senator Kerry, can you look the good people of South Carolina in the eye and say, "If you elect me president, we'll turn back the clock. You're going to get all of those textile manufacturing jobs back. We're going to change the equation in this country, and they won't be producing the goods in Malaysia or in China or in Mexico if I'm the president of the United States"?But here's what I can say to them I will be a president who's on the side of workers in this country to provide the American worker with a fair playing field, to provide the American worker with a fair shot to be able to compete. Because that's not what they have today.They have a president who's selling their jobs out to large corporations, whether it's the drug companies or the oil industry, who's not fighting for real people and the lives they lead on a daily basis.I was at Midlands Community College today. Fritz Hollings helped create as governor a network of community colleges that are technical, that help train people.This administration is backing off that kind of technical training. They turned around and gave $120 million of technical training, when they cut a billion dollars over the course of the last few years. That's like kicking down the barn door and saying, "Here are some twigs. Rebuild it."We need a president who's going to fight for trade that's fair. We need a president who's going to close the loopholes of these corporations that have a reward, Tom, to take the jobs overseas.I'm going to go to the tax code that's gone from 14 pages to 17,000 pages, and we're going to take out any benefit, any reward, any incentive, for any Benedict Arnold company or CEO to take American jobs overseas and stick the American people with the bill. And that's what we need to do.
 Senator Edwards, is it realistic to talk to the American people about stopping the global economy and the movement toward it, of manufacturing overseas a lot of these piece goods and other products that were manufactured here for many years, and it's not going to come back?
 Let ask General Wesley Clark about a development in Washington today. The White House announced that -- whoops -- the new Medicare prescription drug bill is going to cost a third more than they originally said. And the deficit this next year is going to be more than $500 billion more than. The CBO office says that, in fact, in the next 10 years, that this prescription drug Medicare benefit bill could cost as much as a trillion dollars.If you were the president of the United States, would you tear it up and start all over again?
 But let's start with this one.
 Reverend Sharpton, should wealthy Americans or people who are well off, for that matter, pay more for their Medicare benefits? Should we begin now a real test of means and apply it to the Medicare costs that are beginning to run exponentially out of control?SHARPTON I think they should pay their share, which is more. I think that when you have the present set-up that you have and you go above $80,000 and they pay nothing, I think that is absolutely ridiculous. I think that they must pay their share.And, you know, it's absurd to me for people to come and look at the people in South Carolina in the face and say, "It's an honor for your sons and daughters to go abroad and die for others. But it is a burden for rich people to pay their tax at home." I mean, you can't have it both ways. Either all of us...... should be honored to sacrifice or none of us should.In terms of jobs, I want to address that. We need to create jobs. Not only do we need to rescind NAFTA -- and I think we must rescind it. You can't correct it. It has cost jobs. It has sent jobs from this state to Asia and other places.This president has increased the deficit, has not increased jobs and is embracing the rich at the expense of working class and poor people.And it's double in communities of color. Black unemployment in this state is double. We face class and race. I don't think we can tolerate that four more years.
 Senator Kerry, the last time that we met, or at least I was involved in one of these debates, you were very tough on Governor Dean, challenging him to come out against cutting back on the growth rate of Medicare.Aren't today's numbers one more demonstration that we're going to have to do something about the rate of growth in these entitlement programs, or my grandchildren and yours are going to carry a very, very heavy burden in the future?
 We want to continue this discussion about entitlements and what they're costing the society and talk about health care as well.We'll be back from Greenville, South Carolina, in just a moment.
 We're back at the Peace Center for Performing Arts in Greenville, South Carolina. The South Carolina primary and six others are next Tuesday.And we have been talking about the cost of entitlements in this country, Social Security and Medicare and all the other entitlement programs, as well as health care. We're going to continue that conversation now.During the break, Governor Dean said to me that this is so mellow.Well, Governor, we're in the South, where there's premium on politeness...... so I'm going to invite you to stir it up here a little bit, if you'd like to.We were talking just a few moments ago about the Medicare prescription drug benefits bill. Just let me read to you a couple of numbers that the CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, has come out with.Well beyond the next 10 years, which is the projection now going on, they believe that it could cost up to $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years. It could be as much as $190 billion in the year 2023 alone.You don't have to be a math wiz to know that that will break this country and break the spirit of the generation coming along.You disagree?
 Senator, I think you deserve a response to that.
 Senator, we're in the rebuttal rule that we're in right now, so you ran over a little bit. We'll come back to that in just a few minutes.Dennis Kucinich, you're the only member of this panel, I think -- maybe the Reverend Sharpton has come out -- for a single-payer health care system.
 Why do you think there's so much resistance on the part of your colleagues on this stage to going to something like a single- payer system? Is it the Hillary factor?
 Senator?
 Let me just ask you very quickly, Senator, why didn't that happen in the Clinton administration? There you had the White House and you had Democratic majorities going on, and it didn't get done.
 Senator Edwards, I was in an emergency room the other day with a doctor who got driven out of his private practice by all of the new rules and regulations of HMOs and so on, very dedicated ER doc.And I said to him in the course of the documentary that we're doing about this great, great national debate over health care, I said, "How much do you worry about medical malpractice here?" He said, "Well, I work 12 hours a day. I worry about it 11-and-a-half hours a day."The president has said we ought to put a cap of some kind on medical malpractice awards. Now, you were a trial lawyer. You were involved in this kind of work.Shouldn't there be some kind of modification, some kind of new system so that physicians can afford malpractice insurance and don't practice what they call all-day-long defensive medicine, ordering up extra batteries of test at great cost because they're worried about a lawyer around the corner?
 Reverend Sharpton, as you read the health care plans of your colleagues on the panel, with the exception of Congressman Kucinich who has a rather straightforward single-payer plan, do you think that they are the answer? Or are they too complicated? Are there too many parts to them? What's your judgment about these health care plans that have been put forward in the course of this campaign?SHARPTON Well, first of all, I happen to advocate and have for a long time, single-payer plan. So I do agree with Congressman Kucinich on that.SHARPTON I think that the only solution -- if we can do it in Canada and other places -- is to move the nation toward that.I also think that the plans of my colleagues here -- some are more complex than others -- they're a step in the direction, but I don't think it gets us there. What gets us there is to have a single- payer plan.I also think we must have the courage and audacity to take on the pharmaceutical industry and those in the medical business. They are being allowed, through deregulation, to do whatever they want.I have more experience than anyone on this stage with fighting for corporate accountability. That's what we did for decades in the civil rights movement.So I think that it is clear that if you want someone that will go to the convention and fight to let us hold accountability over the private sector and fight for a single-payer plan, then Al Sharpton is your candidate.And I don't think this is about getting down South and taking just shots at each other. Because we're in debate, we're going to do that.But people are suffering. People are literally choosing one month to buy prescription drugs, pay their rent the next month.They want answers. They don't want our best shot at each other.
 If you became president of the United States, General Clark, would you seriously examine a single-payer system that would allow people to opt out of it if they have the kind of money that would permit them to do that and buy private insurance plans?
 General Clark, thank you very much.When we come back in a moment, we're going to talk about some of the other issues that are before this country. The president made it pretty clear the other night in his State of the Union speech that he sees this campaign about cultural issues as much as anything else.We'll talk about some of that from here in Greenville, South Carolina, and much more, in just a moment here on MSNBC.
 We're back in Greenville, South Carolina. We want to deal with a number of issues now in the final moments that we have here tonight.Senator Edwards, you say that the president is not moving this country forward on the issue of gay rights, and yet, you're opposed to gay marriages and you say that, in your home state of North Carolina, you do not believe that they should have to recognize a gay marriage that takes place, for example, in Canada, or one that may, in the future, take place in Massachusetts. How is that moving the country forward on gay rights?
 Another big issue in the South, obviously, as it is the Midwest, and the West, the place of guns in American life.Governor Dean, what's the value to this country of the NRA, in your judgment?
 You get 30 seconds for rebuttal here, Senator.
 Senator Kerry, thank you very much.General Clark, faith is a big component in South Carolina, and throughout the South, for that matter. There's been a big, big dispute down here about the display of the Ten Commandments on public property.Should there be, in your judgment, some kind of a compromise so people who believe in the Ten Commandments, or people of the Jewish faith who want to put something out there that reflects their faith, or the Islamic faith, on public property have the right to do that?
 Speaking of public displays in the state of South Carolina, you're not going to spend the night here because the NAACP has a boycott on against South Carolina, given the display of the Confederate flag.Could the Confederate flag be a part of the culture without being a part of the public life here, that people could take pride in their ancestry, in your judgment, under any circumstances?I want to state this That this country needs to do a whole lot of healing. We have to heal this country about 9/11; we have to heal this country about slavery; we have to heal this country about the Civil War...... we have to heal this country about the dispossession of lands by Native Americans.And my presidency will be to take these hands and to put them on the country to help heal America. Because all these divisions that have arisen in this country, when you play on them, it just exacerbates it.We need to remember the first motto of this country "Out of many, we are one." And I intend to help heal this country and bring it together, Tom.
 Reverend Sharpton, is there any place for the Confederate flag, publicly or privately, in American life in 2004?SHARPTON No. The flag represents a thought, a philosophy and a political movement built on racism, slavery and rape. You can't redo the flag and what it stands for. And I think that we cannot rest until that flag is down everywhere in this country.SHARPTON It is a shame that you will take young men and young women from South Carolina, send them abroad, they die under one American flag, they have to come home and live under two flags.You don't send Confederate flags with us to Iraq. Don't wave them in Greenville, don't wave them in Columbia.While we're on that, we right in this county still can't get an official celebration of Martin Luther King's birthday.There's a lot of things that we need to correct, and we need to correct them in 2004.
 Senator Kerry, final answer. Back in the 1990s, you expressed some reservations about affirmative action as it's currently constituted. You said that it represented a culture of dependency and that we have to reexamine that.If you became president of the United States, would you attempt to put some kind of a sunset law on affirmative action, in which it would phase out after a number of years?
 Senator Kerry, thank you very much.And to all of you, our great thanks on behalf of the American people and MSNBC and, of course, the good people here of Greenville, South Carolina. Thank you all very much for being with us tonight.BRITMODERATOR, FOX NEWS Good evening, and welcome to Koonz Auditorium here at St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.The seven remaining Democratic presidential candidates are gathered here for their final debate before next Tuesday's New Hampshire primary.Let's meet the candidates former Governor Howard Dean of Vermont, retired General Wesley Clark of Arkansas, the Reverend Al Sharpton of New York, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts, Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut and Congressman Dennis Kucinich of Ohio.Welcome to you all.The candidates' positions on this stage, by the way, were determined by a random drawing. The candidates, during this debate, will have one minute each for each answer. Any rebuttal or follow-up will be 30 seconds.The candidates will have lights that will help them keep track of their time. And if an answer should go over, the candidates, and indeed all of us, will hear this sound.We do ask the audience to hold applause during the course of the questions and answers.Now let's introduce my colleagues Tom Griffith, the principal news anchor of WMUR TV Channel 9 here in Manchester; John DiStaso, political reporter of The Union Leader here in Manchester; and from ABC News, anchor and senior editor of "World News Tonight" Peter Jennings, who has the first questions. Peter?PETER JENNINGS, ABC NEWS Thank you, Brit.I hope we don't confuse you, gentlemen. Brit's going to moderate the first hour; I'm going to moderate the second. And by luck of the draw, I get the first flight of questions to Senator Lieberman, to Governor Dean and to John Kerry.Governor Dean, I'll come to you in just a second, but I'm going to start, if I may, with Senator Kerry.Senator, Democrats everywhere tell us that they want to nominate a man who will not be beaten by President Bush using the Republican weapon of taxes. You know that President Bush will be relentless on this subject. You know that it is the Republicans' argument of choice. It works for Republicans.In your career, you voted to raise billions of dollars in taxes. You've advocated spending billions more in this particular campaign. So I would like you at the outset to put yourself in a moment, on a stage like this, if you're the nominee sometime during the fall. And if you are the nominee, what will you say exactly, precisely, if at that time President Bush says, "Senator Kerry is going to raise your taxes and I am not"?JOHN KERRY, (D-MA) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE That's a fight I look forward to, because if George W. Bush wants to stand there beside me and defend raising taxes for people who earn more than $200,000 a year, which are the only people who might be argued will have a tax increase by rolling back the Bush tax cut that they rushed through, instead of giving all of America health care and education so we truly leave no child behind, that's a fight we deserve to have in this country. That's a fight we will win.I am going to protect the middle class. And in the course of my career, Peter, I have voted for countless numbers of tax cuts.When I arrived in the United States Senate, the highest marginal rate was 72 percent. We took it down to 28 percent under Ronald Reagan. It then went back up somewhat. I voted for cutting the capital gains tax, I voted for tax incentives for businesses.But this president has created an economy that feeds the special interests and the powerful and the corporate power, and he is not helped the average worker in America to advance their cause. I will.
 Thank you, sir.Governor Dean, I'm going to ask you the same question. It happened, of course, to Governor Dukakis, to Walter Mondale and to Al Gore. And you are supporting more tax increases than Senator Kerry.But I do also, in fairness, want to give you a choice here, if you'd like to use some of the time to talk about  or maybe all the time, your choice  to talk about what some people think was your overly enthusiastic speech to you supporters the other night, which many people actually think has hurt your candidacy...HOWARD DEAN, (D-VT) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Well, Peter, you may notice that my voice is a little hoarse. It's not because I was whooping and hollering at my third- place finish in Iowa; it's because I have cold.We did have a little fun in Iowa. I thought I owed it to the 3,500 kids that came out and worked for us.And, sure, I would have liked to have been a little bit  done a little better. But I congratulate John Kerry and John Edwards on great campaigns. I think they ran a great campaign.Let me just take a second to talk about this tax stuff.I'm going to take a different position than everybody. I think we ought to get rid of the whole Bush tax cut, and here's why There was no middle-class tax cut.Sixty percent of us got $304. Has your property tax gone up more than $304 because the president cut cops on the beat, refused to fund special education, refused to fund No Child Left Behind? How about your college tuition? Has that gone up more that $304 because the president cut 84,000 kids off Pell Grants in order to pay for the tax cuts for people like Ken Lay?Your health care, has that gone up because the president cut 500,000 kids off health care?There was no middle-class tax cut in this country. Somebody has to stand up and say, we cannot have everything. We can't have tax cuts, pay for health care, pay for No Child Left Behind and pay for an adequate defense.I believe we ought to have balanced budgets. I've done it 12 times. That is the real issue in this campaign. The future health of this country depends on a balanced budget. And we've got to start telling the truth and stop making promises.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Lieberman, you've warned for years that this image of being the party of tax increases has hurt the party badly and helps Democrats lose elections. But you voted for increasing taxes yourself. And while you've argued for cutting some in this particular campaign, you've also advocated increasing others. Audition on taxes, if you wish.But I'll also give you a choice, as I did Governor Dean, perhaps you'd also like to comment on the gentleman from Massachusetts. Would Senator Kerry's answer on taxes be effective if he is challenged by President Bush in debate this fall?JOE LIEBERMAN, (D-CT) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Here is the way I'd like to start this, Peter. I saw a wonderful article recently that said that in a private conversation, President Bush said to someone that the Democrat he thought would give him the toughest fight for reelection was Joe Lieberman. Incidentally, this is an opinion on which I agree with President Bush.And I think the reason is that the Republicans can't run their normal playbook on me that they try to run on Democratic candidates. They can't say I flip-flop because I don't. They can't say I'm weak on defense because I'm not. They can't say I'm weak on values because I'm not. They can't say I'm a big taxer and a big spender.In this campaign, I am the only candidate up here on the stage that has come out for genuine tax reform, not only to protect the middle-class tax cuts that middle-class families did get in the last three years, that many of us fought for, but to apply, to carry out, to pass a tax cut for 98 percent of the income tax payers and to pay for it by raising taxes on the 2 percent.That may make some of the higher-income people unhappy, but it's the right thing to do for the middle class and for our economy.
 Tom, you're next.TOM GRIFFITH, WMUR I have two candidates, Congressman Kucinich and General Clark.I'd like to start with you, General Clark, if I could.Everybody in the campaign is talking about credentials, what they've done, as an indicator of what they'll do. And you make the case of the value of your military experience. But your Democratic Party credentials in this race do matter to many within the party.The nominee, as Peter mentioned, will come under harsh criticism from the Bush administration on everything from where they stood yesterday about the war, today about the war, tomorrow about the war; yesterday about taxes, today about taxes and tomorrow about taxes.So can you be an effective leader, with regard to the platform of this party?GEN. WESELEY CLARK, (D) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Well, Tom, I voted for Bill Clinton and Al Gore. When I got out of the military, I looked at both parties. I'm pro-choice, pro-affirmative action, pro-environment, pro- labor. I was either going to be the loneliest Republican in America or I was going to be a happy Democrat.And there are people who are worried about Democratic Party credentials. I've got to tell them that. But I'm a Democrat of conviction. My wife and I spent our entire time in the uniform taking care of people.And that's what the Democratic Party does. And that's what I want to do as president.And I'm in this party now, and I'll bring a lot of other people into this party, too. And that's what we need to do to win in November.
 So, do you look  as a quick follow-up  do you look, then, at your lack of experience within the party itself as an asset?
 Thank you.Congressman Kucinich, you are the candidate on the stage that has a time certain by which you want to withdraw troops from Iraq. You've said essentially that within 90 days, you'll remove American troops, seek a U.N. force to replace them.What if there's no cooperation from the U.N.? Do you pack your bags and leave Iraq at this point? DENNIS KUCINICH, (D-OH) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE No. Actually, the plan that is predicated on the United Nations being presented with an entirely different direction. And that different direction would be that the United States would disavow any interest in the oil.Ask the U.N. to handle the oil assets of Iraq on behalf of the Iraqi people, until the Iraqi people are self-governing. Ask the U.N. to handle the contracts until the Iraqi people are self-governing.The United States should renounce any interest in privatization of the Iraq economy. And we should ask the U.N. to help construct a cause of governance in Iraq with a new constitution and elections.That approach, plus to fund a U.N. peacekeeping mission; in addition to that, to provide repairs for what we destroyed in Iraq, plus reparations for the families of innocent civilian noncombatants  all that constitutes a plan which would enable the United States to go to the U.N. and say, "Look, agree with this plan, send in U.N. peacekeepers," and 90 days later, we'll have our troops home.I do stand here saying that I believe sincerely that we should bring in U.N. peacekeepers and bring our troops home. And I have the plan to do that.
 Thank you.
 John, you're next.JOHN DISTASO, UNION LEADER My questions are for Senator Edwards and Reverend Sharpton.Senator Edwards, after voting to authorize the president to go to war in Iraq in 2002, you voted last fall against an $87 billion expenditure to support the troops there and aid the anti-terrorism effort.These votes may appear to some to be inconsistent, and a reaction even perhaps to the political winds of the movement. Why aren't they inconsistent? How are they consistent?JOHN EDWARDS, (D-NC) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Because I said from the very beginning, before the first resolution was ever voted on in the Congress, that in order for this effort to be successful it was absolutely critical that when we reached this stage that it be international, that it not be an American operation, that it not be an American occupation. And so long as it was that, we'd see the problems we've seen right now.Everyone on this stage has been critical of the way George Bush has conducted this phase of the operation. But at the point where we had to stand up and say yes or no, we had to stand up and vote and support that vote, I thought it would be a mistake for me to say to the president, "What you're doing is right, I support it, go forward, here's your blank check, come back next year and ask for more money."He needed to change course. We needed to have the United Nations in charge of the civilian authority. We needed NATO present to help provide security there, at least along the Saudi Arabian and the Iranian border so we could concentrate on the Sunni triangle.And actually, I have to say there are two of us on this stage, Senator Kerry and myself, who both voted against it. And I know that both of us felt we needed to say loud and clear to President Bush that what he was doing was wrong and we thought he needed to change course.
 Just to follow up quickly there, how do you know the president would have come back? And how do you know that whatever he asked for would've passed had you voted no when your vote was decisive?
 That concludes round one.Tom, you start round two.
 Senator Kerry, in a speech at Drake University, you said, in your first 100 days you would move to increase our armed forces by as much as 40,000 troops. You said there was a dire need for two full divisions.I'm the parent of two teenage sons. We're patriots. People are wondering right now about voluntary versus draft. And as president, how do you hope to lure and attract quality people into the military? And as a follow-up, where do you stand on the issue of the draft?
 Thank you.Senator Lieberman, I hope you'll allow me to take liberty with my overly stuffed e-mail box.
 OK.
 This one came to me and has repeated to come to me from rockthevote.com.We hear about health care coverage issues involving older voters, particularly prescription drugs, but young people also have serious challenges getting adequate health coverage.How would your plan improve health insurance coverage for this new generation?
 Congressman Kucinich, let me get very local with you for a minute, if I can. We here in New Hampshire, of course, some of our school districts are having trouble meeting the testing standards of No Child Left Behind, which apparently you did vote for, you were in favor of, I believe. Is that correct?Our education commissioner recently said that we can't really settle on what is a very narrow and strict determination of the student's progress. What would you do, at this point, with No Child Left Behind? Would you throw it out? And if you would, what would you replace it with?
 John, you're next.
 Peter, you're next.
 I'd like to continue in this vein a little, if I may.Senator Edwards, many people, I think, believe that the greatest security threat to the United States in the 21st century is the possible confrontation between the West and Islam.Now, I know and take for granted, having heard you before, that you respect Islam. But could you take a minute to tell us what you know about the practice of Islam that would reassure Muslims throughout the world who will be listening to you that President Edwards understands their religion and how you might use that knowledge to avoid a confrontation, which, as Tom alluded earlier, might indeed end up sending sons and daughters from New Hampshire to war.
 Do you think, Senator...
 Do you think that we suffer and will suffer at the policy level because we do not know enough about the practice of Islam?
 Reverend Sharpton, I'd like to ask you a question about domestic policy, if you don't mind.If during your term as president, if you become the nominee, and you have the opportunity to nominate someone to be chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, what kind of person would you consider for the job? You can name someone in particular, if you have someone in mind.And maybe just take a minute or so to give us a little bit about your views on monetary policy.SHARPTON Well, first of all, let me say this. I wanted to say to Governor Dean, don't be hard on yourself about hooting and hollering. If I had spent the money you did and got 18 percent, I'd still be in Iowa hooting and hollering.SHARPTON So, don't worry about it, Howard.
 Forgive me, Reverend Sharpton, but the question was actually about the Federal Reserve Board.SHARPTON I thought you said IMF, I'm sorry.
 No, I'm sorry, sir. And what you'd be looking for in a chairman of the Federal Reserve Board.SHARPTON Oh, in the Federal Reserve Board, I would be looking for someone that would set standards in this country, in terms of our banking, our  in how government regulates the Federal Reserve as we see it under Greenspan, that we would not be protecting the big businesses; we would not be protecting banking interests in a way that would not, in my judgment, lead toward mass employment, mass development and mass production.I think that  would I replace Greenspan, probably. Do I have a name? No.
 Thank you, Reverend Sharpton. Thanks very much.We've got to take a brief break here, but we will be back with more questions for the seven Democratic candidates. Stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And welcome back to St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire, where the seven Democratic candidates are debating for the last time before the New Hampshire primary.We're on our third round of questions, and we begin with John DiStaso.John?
 Peter, you're next.
 I get General Clark and Senator Edwards this time.General Clark, a lot of people say they don't you well, so this is really a simple question about knowing a man by his friends. The other day you had a rally here, and one of the men who stood up to endorse you is the controversial filmmaker Michael Moore. You said you were delighted with him.At one point, Mr. Moore said, in front of you, that President Bush  he's saying he'd like to see you, the general, and President Bush, who he called a "deserter."Now, that's a reckless charge not supported by the facts. And I was curious to know why you didn't contradict him, and whether or not you think it would've been a better example of ethical behavior to have done so.
 Let me ask you something you mentioned, then, because since this question and answer in which you and Mr. Moore was involved in, you've had a chance to look at the facts.Do you still feel comfortable with the fact that someone should be standing up in your presence and calling the president of the United States a deserter?
 OK, thank you, sir.Senator Edwards, President Bush, as you know, is worried. He said it again in the State of the Union address the other night that the Defense of Marriage Act is not strong enough, as he says, to protect the institution of marriage.You were not in the Senate in 1996 when it passed overwhelmingly.Senator Kerry was one of only 14 senators who voted against it. I'd like to know from you whether or not you think he was right or wrong, and why?
 Do you believe that other states, for example, should be obliged to honor and recognize the civil union which Governor Dean signed? Should other states be obliged to recognize what happens in another state?
 Let's talk to our moderator.
 Senator?
 I just want to follow up with on the Defense of Marriage Act, which of course is the law of the land.
 Does not the Defense of Marriage Act specifically say that the court rulings in one state, which might, for example, recognize a gay marriage, may not be imposed on anther state? In other words, doesn't the Defense of Marriage go to the very position which you yourself take?
 John, you're next.Tom, I'm sorry. Forgive me, you're next.
 It's an opportune time to  I've got Governor Dean and Reverend Sharpton.And, Governor Dean, I'm going to let you step in on this discussion here, if you'd like to.But my real question for you is, and maybe you can hit this first We took a recent survey indicated, of everything out there, New Hampshire voters most cite health care as the most important factor that they're looking at when they look at the seven of you and decide who they are going to vote for.I'll give you an opportunity to talk just a minute about what your plan is and how it's different from everyone else's. Or if you'd like to step in on this Defense of Marriage Act first, you're...
 Thank you.Reverend Sharpton, two weeks ago in Iowa, in the Black-Brown Debate, you questioned Governor Dean's lack of a black Cabinet member as governor of Vermont. Here in New Hampshire, we do not have a large amount of minorities either.What would you do to  beyond affirmative action, what would you do to get more minorities in leadership positions within government?SHARPTON Well, let me say something about the Defense of Marriage Act. I am unilaterally opposed to any civil or human right being left to states' rights. That is a dangerous precedent.I think the federal government has the obligation to protect all citizens on a federal level.And if we start going back to states' rights, we're going back to pre- Civil War days, and I think that that, in its nature, is wrong.In terms of my concern about minorities being placed in high positions, it must be a goal of inclusiveness. And I think the reason I questioned Governor Dean is he said that that's what he wanted to represent. I think that we must strive toward making sure  government must make sure it is inclusive of everyone and it reflects a nation that is inclusive of everyone, even when there are small populations.Because diversity is good for everyone, and people need to know that they can work at all levels of government and the private sector and not be limited because of race, because of sex or because of orientation.That ought to be a goal. You ought to seek it. You ought not act like it's going to just happen automatically or naturally.
 Got a new round coming.Peter, you start.
 OK.Actually, I think John starts, right?
 This is round four. Peter, you're up.
 Either way. I apologize.I then come, I think, to Governor Dean and to Senator Kerry and to Senator Lieberman again.At the beginning, I asked some of you how you would defend yourselves against a Republican attack on taxes. The Democrats are the party of higher taxes.They're also going to come at you in a big way on so-called "social values," not on economic values, but on social values. The president made these issues, as you well know, a big part of his State of the Union address the other night.Governor Dean, let me ask you this Republicans already characterize you as not sharing mainstream values. And some Democrats are, I'm sure you know, worried about this.Show Democrats tonight how you would push back.
 Thank you, sir.Senator Kerry, you're also from New England, from the state where the president believes that activist judges are threatening the basic sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman.The Republicans will certainly remind people or make them know that you were lieutenant governor to Michael Dukakis. The Republican National Committee chairman, I believe, will make a speech tomorrow in which he will say that you are more liberal than Teddy Kennedy.Show Democrats how you push back.
 Thank you, sir.Senator Lieberman, as you've heard, the question was about social values, and you have expressed your concern in the past that your party is, in fact, too liberal to win the votes at the center in a general election. So I ask you for some assistance here.Do you think that these two men have given answers on social values which will  or which would successfully inoculate the party against such charges?
 I want to try just one more time, Senator, forgive me. You've have said the party is hesitant. Do you believe that Governor Dean and Senator Kerry have been hesitant, or would be hesitant, to take on George Bush successfully on the question of social values?
 Thank you, sir.
 Tom, you're next.
 General Clark, Patriot Act, come under an awful lot of criticism, as you well know. Many say it erodes our personal liberties, while, of course, it's clear that we all want a secure country. How would your administration revisit the Patriot Act and strike a balance between national security and personal liberties?
 Congressman Kucinich, I have a question from Sheryl Zettner (ph). She's in New Hampshire. This is what she says.She says, "Why did you cut a deal to send voters to the Edwards camp if you didn't meet the 15 percent threshold in Iowa?" She's angry. She says, "Edwards supported the war and the Patriot Act."
 Before you continue...
 ... is your party divided over the war?
 I have no follow-up, to be honest. Thank you.
 John, you're next.
 Reverend Sharpton, thanks very much.We've got to take another brief break here. And when we come back, Peter Jennings will assume the role of moderator. I'll join the questioners.I might note that extended portions of this program, this debate, will be seen later tonight on the ABC News program "Nightline."Stay with us. We'll be right back.
 Welcome back to the last debate before the New Hampshire primary.Gentlemen, the timekeeper has asked me to suggest that you listen even more attentively to the bell than you have on occasion, although I think we generally agree you have been pretty good.Tom Griffith?
 Senator Kerry, I want to begin with you, something very local to the New England region, the use of MTBE in gasoline here in the Northeast, as you know.It's been very controversial because of its link to water pollution. Here in New Hampshire, our governor, Jeanne Shaheen, petitioned the EPA to let us out of that requirement some years ago, and still no answer from the feds on it.If decisions aren't made soon, they're going to have to add ethanol, I guess, which is a very costly thing that could create gas price increases and generally hurt our New England economy.What do you propose in the balancing act between the environment and the economy, as it pertains to MTBE?
 OK, thank you.Senator Lieberman, on the issue of  we're right now looking to go out to Canadian drug sources in order to lower our state costs. You've (ph) announced plans to import prescription drugs, to look at it closely, in order to save the state money.Is this something  on this topic, would you encourage state governors to do this? Or would you seek some other methodology to try to keep drug prices down? Should we be going to Canada for...
 In the meantime, Senator...
 In the meantime, Senator  forgive me for interrupting  in the meantime, the government moved today against another Canadian drug company. Are you not encouraging, as sympathetic as one is to seniors, are you not encouraging governors and communities to break the law?
 Tom?
 I'm back over to Congressman Kucinich.And I hope that you'll allow me to dig deep again into my e-mail bag for your next question.
 Roger Stevenson of Stratham wrote me with great concern that there hasn't been enough discussion on the environment.What is the most important environmental issue facing the nation?And you only have one minute.
 Thank you, Congressman.John DiStaso, you have Governor Dean and General Clark.
 Very briefly, Senator.
 John?
 Thank you, sir.Brit?
 Senator Edwards, the Iowa results suggests that a great many people have taken a look at you and seen a new face and amiable personality, a couple of adorable kids, and viewed you with considerable approval.I wonder, though, if some people don't also look at you and say, "Well, he's served part of one term in the U.S. Senate; he's not going to come back for another if he doesn't get the presidency," and wondered if, while you may be very promising and attractive in their ideas, it may be a little early for the White House for you?
 Is there anything intrinsically wrong, sir, with being a lobbyist?
 Is there anything intrinsically wrong with being a lobbyist?
 Time.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.Sorry, Brit.
 Reverend Sharpton, there are signs now that the Earth may be crumbling under the feet of the regime in Iran. There is real dissent in that country. There is a protest now against the fact that a number of candidates have been told they cannot run for election there.As president, how would you deal with the situation in Iran?SHARPTON I think that one of the problems that we see in Iran, in terms of the movement toward open elections, toward a clear repression there, is something that we must be concerned about.But I do not, in any way, shape or form, support a military intervention. I would try as best I could as president to use the power of diplomacy, the power of our trade and business with Iran, and our ability to communicate with all sides. And I would support the U.N. to try to bring about some kind of stabilized order there and some kind of dialogue.I think that we have an obligation to try to support democracy anywhere we can in the world. But I think that we've got to do it by supporting the United Nations and not undercutting it by going around it or by going in a way that would undermine the ability to bring these matters into some order.And I think that was the reason the United Nations was put forward in the first place. I think the fact that we don't pay our dues, the fact that we ourselves go around the U.N. when we want undermines the ability of the U.N. to be used in situations like Iraq.
 Thank you, Reverend Sharpton.John DiStaso, you start the next round.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator, we're geographically sensitive.
 Can I ask all of you to put up your hand who would also agree next time to start in Iowa?
 To start in Iowa.(CROSSTALK)
 Let it never be said that any of you pander.
 Mr. Hume?
 General Clark, Governor Dean has said that you're a good guy but he thinks you're a Republican. Now, we're told you did vote for several Republican presidents  President Nixon, President Reagan  said good things about the first President Bush and even about this President Bush.You said, in an article published in The Times of London back in April as the war ended, quote, "Liberation is at hand. Liberation, the powerful balm that justifies painful sacrifice, erases lingering doubt and reinforces bold actions."As to the president, you wrote, quote, "President Bush and Tony Blair should be proud of their resolve in the face of so much doubt."Given those statements, given your votes, I think it is not unreasonable to ask you when you first noticed that you were a Democrat.
 Well, that's...
 Please.
 Could not a reader be justified in concluding, from this piece that you wrote for the Times of London in April, that you did indeed support this war and was pleased by its outcome and, as you said the first time when asked the question, probably would have voted to support it?
 Thank you, General.Brit?
 Senator Edwards, the Democratic national chairman, Terry McAuliffe, said yesterday, I believe, that the president, by bringing up his possible support of a constitutional amendment on marriage, was preparing to introduce bigotry into the Constitution.Do you agree with that?
 Well, Senator, I don't think anyone would dispute that...... that abortion remains a potent issue in our national life, and the chairman...
 I wouldn't dispute that for a moment. But the chairman of your party has accused the president of the United States of bigotry, and I would just like to know if you agree that bigotry is in play here?
 Thank you, sir.
 Senator, I inadvertently robbed John DiStaso of a question to Congressman Kucinich.I hereby restore it.
 Do you have a feeling he's ready for you?
 Congressman, I apologize that we didn't see the graphs a whole lot better than we did on radio.
 Are they at your Web sites, here?
 Are they at your Web site?
 Good.
 Good, thanks. Thank you very much.
 Tom Griffith?Anybody want to take him up on that?
 Governor Howard Dean, I have a cousin in the audience who is from New Jersey, and a long-time loyal Democrat. And she called me a few times and said, "Who do you like? What are they saying?" And all along the time, I said to her  I'd give her my input. When I mentioned anything about the three New Englanders that are on the stage, she would say, "We don't need any more Northeasterners on the ticket."Now, with that question, lay out some of the red states and blue states, and what red states you would pick up as the nominee that we didn't  that the Democrats did not pick up in the year 2000?
 Does anybody need a description of red and blue states anymore?Red states were Republican in the last election. Blue states were Democrat, OK.
 For Reverend Sharpton...
 Right.
 ... you speak about being against the death penalty. Do you agree? You disagree with the death penalty in the capital murder of a police officer?SHARPTON I disagree with the use of the death penalty because it has been proven too many times to have been discriminatory in the way it has been applied. It has not been proven to be a deterrent against crime.And I do not think because it has been proven wrong that we have the right to take lives if we can't give lives, and we can't give them.Let me say this quickly, because I want to add to two of the answers of two my colleagues here.SHARPTON One, I agree with John Edwards about increasing help for businesses. I've called for a two-year deferment of small businesses so we can get more businesses on.But I think that one of the things we have not talked a lot about tonight, too, is education. I think that we cannot let the Republicans talk about values only in terms of personal morality without dealing with broad social immorality.So they say, if you have a nice, well-knit family, and the well- knit family stays together, you have good values, while they take day care from the kids, employment from the father and the rights from the mother.No, good values helps not only keep a family, but feed a family, employ a family, give education to a family.We can't let them interpret the debate that way. We could have won South Carolina last time if we talked more about that. We had more people that didn't vote than we lost the election by, in South Carolina.
 Brit Hume.
 Governor Dean, I don't mean to take you back to the moment of excitement the other night in Des Moines, but I did want to ask you a question based on...
 I can tell.But I do want to ask you a question about something you were quoted as saying about that issue today, which was that you said that wear your emotions on your  that you lead with your heart, not with your head. Is that a quality people want in a president?
 But what you do mean by not with your head. Isn't there a temperament issue that people may be alarmed about that?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Kerry, Governor Dean has said of you, and I believe also of Senator Edwards, that you cast votes that you knew were wrong on the war for political reasons. How do you answer that charge?
 But Senator, you have said of that vote on the resolution that authorized the president at his discretion to use military force against Saddam Hussein that it was a vote to threaten the use of force.
 Let me just finish the question.
 And you now are saying it was a vote to hold Saddam Hussein accountable. In fact it was, was it not, a vote to permit the president to use force at his discretion.
 Thank you very much.
 Senator Lieberman, you voted the same way. You have also objected to the way the president has handled things. And yet you went ahead and voted for the $87 billion, which Senator Kerry and Senator Edwards did not.How do you answer what they have to say here?
 The question is, you took different votes here.
 Well, how do you respond to what they're saying about the...
 Thank you, Senators.(AUDIENCE BOOING)
 I think you all know we have about  we have only about 15 minutes left, so we're going to take another break, and we'll be right back.
 Welcome back to the last 10 minutes, approximately, of the last debate before the primary.Brit, you wanted to make one point.
 I believe I said that Governor Dean had said that Senators Kerry and Lieberman cast  Kerry, excuse me, and Edwards cast those votes knowing that they were wrong. The governor has assured me he did not say that. I stand corrected.
 Good.Tom?
 For General Clark, General Clark, the 30-year anniversary of Roe v. Wade today, as you know.One in three Granite Staters call themselves Catholic, and you converted to Catholicism during the Vietnam War. You apparently now attend a Presbyterian Church, and I believe you were raised a Baptist.Can you qualify your pro-choice  however, in one interview I read, you still consider yourself a Catholic. Now, can you clarify your pro- choice position on abortion and describe how you reconcile that with Catholic doctrine?
 Can you clarify how you reconcile that with Catholic doctrine?
 General, I don't want to take up too much time, but the press has been trying very hard today to ask you to explain whether or not you believe a woman has the right to choose until the end, basically even in the eighth and ninth month. What is your clear and simple answer to that?
 And would you like quickly to tell the audience what that provides for...
 John DiStaso.
 Thank you, Senator.
 We are pushing the envelope in terms of time.Brit, I think we've got time for one more question. You started this off. Why don't you finish it?
 Well, let me ask a question to Senator Kerry.Senator, there was a recent survey, recent poll, found that 95 percent of Americans said they were either very or rather happy.A news story today said that a key measure of future economic activity  that being the index of leading economic indicators  rose in December to its highest level ever. This following a quarter in which the economy grew at a very rapid 8 percent.Are you concerned at all, sir, that this bleak portrait that those running for president, including yourself, paint of the country may not resemble the country people, by the millions, are experiencing?
 Good evening from Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. I'm Bob Schieffer of CBS News. I want to welcome you to the third and last of the 2004 debates between President George Bush and Senator John Kerry.As Jim Lehrer told you before the first one, these debates are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. Tonight the topic will be domestic affairs, but the format will be the same as that first debate. I'll moderate our discussion under detailed rules agreed to by the candidates, but the questions and the areas to be covered were chosen by me. I have not told the candidates or anyone else what they are.To refresh your memory on the rules, I will ask a question. The candidate is allowed 2 minutes to answer. His opponent then has a minute and a half to offer a rebuttal. At my discretion, I can extend the discussion by offering each candidate an additional 30 seconds. A green light will come on to signal the candidate has 30 seconds left; a yellow light signals 15 seconds left; a red light means 5 seconds left. There is also a buzzer if it is needed. The candidates may not question each other directly. There are no opening statements, but there will be 2-minute closing statements.There is an audience here tonight, but they have agreed to remain silent, except for right now, when they join me in welcoming President George Bush and Senator John Kerry.Gentlemen, welcome to you both. By coin toss, the first question goes toLOSERSenator, I want to set the stage for this discussion by asking the question that I think hangs over all of our politics today and is probably on the minds of many people watching this debate tonight, and that is Will our children and grandchildren ever live in a world as safe and secure as the world in which we grew up?Senator John F. Kerry. Well, first of all, Bob, thank you for moderating tonight. Thank you, Arizona State, for welcoming us. And thank you to the Presidential Commission for undertaking this enormous task. We're proud to be here. Mr. President, I'm glad to be here with you again to share similarities and differences with the American people.Will we ever be safe and secure again? Yes, we absolutely must be. That's the goal. Now, how do we achieve it is the most critical component of it. I believe that this President, regrettably, rushed us into a war, made decisions about foreign policy, pushed alliances away, and as a result, America is now bearing this extraordinary burden where we are not as safe as we ought to be.The measurement is not Are we safer? The measurement is Are we as safe as we ought to be? And there are a host of options that this President had available to him, like making sure that at all our ports in America, containers are inspected. Only 95 percent of them95 percent come in today uninspected. That's not good enough. People who fly on airplanes todaythe cargo hold is not X-rayed, but the baggage is. That's not good enough. Firehouses don't have enough firefighters in them. Police officers are being cut from the streets of America because the President decided to cut the COPS program.So we can do a better job of homeland security. I can do a better job of waging a smarter, more effective war on terror and guarantee that we go after the terrorists. I will hunt them down, and we'll kill them. We'll capture them. We'll do what's ever necessary to be safe. But I pledge this to you, America I will do it in the way that Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan and John Kennedy and others did, where we build the strongest alliances, where the world joins together, where we have the best intelligence, and where we are able, ultimately, to be more safe and secure.
 Mr. President, you have 90 seconds.
 Anything to add, Senator Kerry?
 Mr. President.
 New question, Mr. President, to you. We're talking about protecting ourselves from the unexpected, but the flu season is suddenly upon us. Flu kills thousands of people every year. Suddenly we find ourselves with a severe shortage of flu vaccine. How did that happen?
 Mr. President, would you like to add something?
 Time is up.
 All right, Senator Kerry, a new question. Let's talk about economic security. You pledged during the last debate that you would not raise taxes on those making less than $200,000 a year. But the price of everything is going up, and we all know it. Health care costs, as you all are talking about, is skyrocketing, the cost of the war. My question is, how can you or any President, whoever is elected next time, keep that pledge without running this country deeper into debt and passing on more of the bills that we're running up to our children?
 Mr. President.
 Let's go to a new question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. And let's continue on jobs. You know, there are all kind of statistics out there, but I want to bring it down to an individual. Mr. President, what do you say to someone in this country who has lost his job to someone overseas who is being paid a fraction of what that job paid here in the United States?
 New question to you, Senator Kerry, 2 minutes, and it's still on jobs. You know, many experts say that a President really doesn't have much control over jobs. For example, if someone invents a machine that does the work of five people, that's progress. That's not the President's fault. So I ask you, is it fair to blame the administration entirely for this loss of jobs?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, let's get back to economic issues. But let's shift to some other questions here. Both of you are opposed to gay marriage. But to understand how you have come to that conclusion, I want to ask you a more basic question. Do you believe homosexuality is a choice?
 Senator Kerry, a new question for you. The New York Times reports that some Catholic archbishops are telling their church members that it would be a sin to vote for a candidate like you because you support a woman's right to choose an abortion and unlimited stem cell research. What is your reaction to that?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, let's have a new question. It goes to you, and let's get back to economic issues. Health insurance costs have risen over 36 percent over the last 4 years, according to the Washington Post. We're paying more; we're getting less. I would like to ask you, who bears responsibility for this? Is it the Government? Is it the insurance companies? Is it the lawyers? Is it the doctors? Is it the administration?
 Go ahead, Mr. President.
 Senator Kerry, 30 seconds.
 Let me direct the next question to you, Senator Kerry, and again, let's stay on health care. You have, as you have proposed and as the President has commented on tonight, proposed a massive plan to extend health care coverage to children. You're also talking about the Government picking up a big part of the catastrophic bills that people get at the hospital. And you have said that you can pay for this by rolling back the President's tax cut on the upper two percent.
 You heard the President say earlier tonight that it's going to cost a whole lot more money than that. I just ask you, where are you going to get the money?
 Mr. President.
 Senator.
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, the next question is to you. We all know that Social Security is running out of money, and it has to be fixed. You have proposed to fix it by letting people put some of the money collected to pay benefits into private savings accounts. But the critics are saying that's going to mean finding a trillion dollars over the next 10 years to continue paying benefits as those accounts are being set up. So where do you get the money? Are you going to have to increase the deficit by that much over 10 years?
 Let me just stay on Social Security with a new question for Senator Kerry, because Senator Kerry, you have just said you will not cut benefits. Alan Green-span, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, says there's no way that Social Security can pay retirees what we have promised them unless we recalibrate. What he's suggesting, we're going to have to cut benefits or we're going to have to raise retirement age; we may have to take some other reform. But if you've just said you've promised no changes, does that mean you're just going to leave this as a problem, another problem, for our children to solve?
 Mr. President.
 Let's go to a new question, Mr. President. I got more e-mail this week on this question than any other question, and it is about immigration. I'm told that at least 8,000 people cross our borders illegally every day. Some people believe this is a security issue, as you know. Some believe it's an economic issue. Some see it as a human rights issue. How do you see it, and what do we need to do about it?
 Time's up.Senator.
 Do you want to respond, Mr. President?
 Senator.
 Next question to you,LOSER The gap between rich and poor is growing wider. More people are dropping into poverty. Yet the minimum wage has been stuck at, what, $5.15 an hour now for about 7 years. Is it time to raise it?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, I want to go back to something Senator Kerry said earlier tonight and ask a followup of my own. He saidand this will be a new question to youhe said that you had never said whether you would like to overturn Roe v. Wade. So I'd ask you directly, would you like to?
 Senator Kerry, you'd like to respond?
 That's a new question forWINNER
 You have 90 seconds.
 Yes, sir.
 Senator.
 All right, let's go to another question, and it is toLOSER You have 2 minutes, sir. Senator, at the last debate, President Bush said he did not favor a draft. You agreed with him. But our National Guard and Reserve forces are being severely strained because many of them are being held beyond their enlistments. Some of them say that it's a back-door draft. Is there any relief that could be offered to these brave Americans and their families? If you became President, Senator Kerry, what would you do about this situation of holding National Guard and Reservists for these extended periods of time and these repeated callups that they're now facing?
 Mr. President.
 Senator.
 Mr. President, new question, 2 minutes. You said that if Congress would vote to extend the ban on assault weapons, that you'd sign the legislation. But you did nothing to encourage the Congress to extend it. Why not?
 Senator.
 Let's go to a new question. For you, Senator Kerry, 2 minutes. Affirmative actiondo you see a need for affirmative action programs, or have we moved far enough along that we no longer need to use race and gender as a factor in school admissions and Federal and State contracts, and so on?
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, let's go to a new question. You were asked before the invasionor after the invasion of Iraq if you had checked with your dad. And I believeI don't remember the quote exactlybut I believe you said you had checked with a higher authority. I would like to ask you, what part does your faith play on your policy decisions?
 Senator Kerry, after 9/11 and this is a new question for youit seemed to me that the country came together as I've never seen it come together since World War II. But some of that seems to have melted away. I think it's fair to say we've become pretty polarized, perhaps because of the political season. But if you were elected President or whoever is elected President, will you set a priority in trying to bring the Nation back together? Or what would be your attitude on that?
 Mr. President.
 We've come, gentlemen, to our last question. And it occurred to me, as I came to this debate tonight, that the three of us share something. All three of us are surrounded by very strong women. We're all married to strong women. Each of us have two daughters that make us very proud. I'd like to ask each of you, what is the most important thing you've learned from these strong women?
 Well, gentlemen, that brings us to the closing statements. Senator Kerry, I believe you're first.
 Mr. President.
 Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you,LOSER Well, that brings these debates to a close, but the campaign goes on. I want to wish both of you the very best of luck between now and election day.That's it for us from Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. I'm Bob Schieffer of CBS News. Good night, everyone.Charles Gibson. Good evening from the Field House at Washington University in St. Louis. I'm Charles Gibson of ABC News and "Good Morning America." I welcome you to the second of the 2004 Presidential debates between President George W. Bush, the Republican nominee, and Senator John Kerry, the Democratic nominee. The debates are sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates.Tonight's format is going to be a bit different. We have assembled a townhall meeting. We're in the "Show Me" State, as everyone knows Missouri to be, so Missouri residents will ask the questions, these 140 citizens who were identified by the Gallup Organization as not yet committed in this election. Now, earlier today each audience member gave me two questions on cards like this One they'd like to ask of the President; the other they'd like to ask the Senator. I have selected the questions to be asked and the order. No one has seen the final list of questions but mecertainly not the candidates. No audience member knows if he or she will be called upon. Audience microphones will be turned off after a question is asked.Audience members will address their question to a specific candidate. He'll have 2 minutes to answer. The other candidate will have a minute and a half for rebuttal. And I have the option of extending discussion for 1 minute, to be divided equally between the two men. All subjects are open for discussion. And you probably know the light system by now, green light at 30 seconds, yellow at 15, red at 5, and flashing red means you're done. Those are the candidates' rules. I will hold the candidates to the time limits forcefully, but politely, I hope.And now please join me in welcoming, with great respect, President Bush andLOSERGentlemen, to the business at hand. The first question is for Senator Kerry, and it will come from Cheryl Otis, who is right behind me.
 Mr. President, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President, I would follow up, but we have a series of questions on Iraq, and so I will turn to the next questioner. The question for President Bush, and the questioner is Robin Dahle.
 Can you get a microphone, Robin, I'm sorry.
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President, I do want to follow up on this one, because there were several questions from the audience along this line.
 Well, I was going to have you do it with the rebuttal. But you go ahead. [Laughter] You're up.
 Senator?
 We're going to have another question now on the subject of Iraq. And I'm just going to turn to Anthony Baldi with a question forLOSER
 Senator Kerry, the U.S. is preparing a new Iraq Government, and we'll proceed to withdraw U.S. troops. Would you proceed with the same plans as President Bush?
 Do you want to follow up, Senator?
 The next question is for President Bush, and it comes from Nikki Washington.Nikki Washington. Thank you. Mr. President, my mother and sister traveled abroad this summer, and when they got back, they talked to us about how shocked they were at the intensity of aggravation that other countries had with how we handled the Iraq situation. Diplomacy is, obviously, something that we have to really work on. What is your plan to repair relations with other countries, given the current situation?
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President.
 Senator.
 The next question is for Senator Kerry, and it comes from over here, from Randee Jacobs. You'll need a microphone.
 Mr. President, a minute and a half.
 We're going to move on, Mr. President, with a question for you. And it comes from Daniel Farley.
 Senator Kerry, minute and a half.
 Mr. President, let's extend for a minute.
 Exactly. And with Reservists being held on duty and some soldiers
 I wanted to get into the issue of the backdoor draft.
 Senator.
 The next question, Senator Kerry, is for you, and it comes from Ann Bronsing, who I believe is over in this area.
 Mr. President.
 I want to extend for a minute, Senator, and I'm curious about something you said. You said, "It's not when but if." You think it's inevitable? Because the sense of security is a very basic thing with everybody in this country, worried about their kids.
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, we're going to turn to questions now on domestic policy, and we're going to start with health issues. And the first question is for President Bush, and it's from John Horstman.
 Senator, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President.
 Next question is for Senator Kerry, and this comes from Norma-Jean Laurent.Norma-Jean Laurent. Senator Kerry, you've stated your concern for the rising cost of health care. Yet you chose a Vice Presidential candidate who has made millions of dollars successfully suing medical professionals. How do you reconcile this with the voters?
 Mr. President, a minute and a half.
 Senator Kerry, we got several questions along this line, and I'm just curious if you'd go further on what you talked about with tort reform. Would you be favoring capping awards on pain and suffering? Would you limit attorneys' fees yes, to follow up on this for a minute. Thirty seconds.
 We'll get to that in just a minute. Thirty seconds.
 The next question is for President Bush, and it comes from Matthew O'Brien.
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 I bothI heard you both sayI have heard you both say during the campaign, and I just heard you say it that you're going to cut the deficit by a half in 4 years. But I didn't hear one thing in the last 3 1/2 minutes that would indicate how either one of you do that.
 Senator Kerry, 30 seconds.
 Senator Kerry, the next question will be for you, and it comes from James Varner, who I believe is in this section. Mr. Varner? You need a microphone.
 Mr. President, 90 seconds.
 No, you can keep going.
 You're on
 I'm going to come back one more time to how these numbers add up and how you can cut that deficit in half in 4 years, given what you've both said.
 Thirty secondsI'm sorry, thirty seconds, Mr. President.
 Mr. President, the next question is for you, and it comes from James Hubb, over here.Action on the Environment/Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate ChangeJames Hubb. Mr. President, how would you rate yourself as an environmentalist? What specifically has your administration done to improve the condition of our Nation's air and water supply?
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President?
 Senator Kerry, 30 seconds.
 Senator Kerry, the next question is for you. It involves jobs, which is a topic in the news today. And for the question, we're going to turn to Jane Barrow.
 Mr. President, minute and a half.
 Senator, I want to extend for a minute. You talk about tax credits to stop outsourcing. But when you have IBM documents that I saw recently, where you can hire a programmer for $12 in China, $56 an hour here, tax credits won't cut it in that area.
 President Bush, the next question is for you, and it comes from Rob Fowler, who I believe is over in this area.
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Senator Kerry, the next question is for you, and it comes from Elizabeth Long.
 Mr. President, a minute and a half.
 Senator, thirty seconds, let's extend.
 Mr. President.
 Mr. President, the next question is for you, and it comes from Jonathan Michaelson.
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Going to go to the final two questions, now. And the first one will be for Senator Kerry, and this comes from Sarah Degenhart.
 Mr. President, a minute and a half.
 Senator, do you want to follow up? Thirty seconds.
 And 30 seconds, Mr. President.
 And the final question of the evening will be addressed to President Bush, and it will come from Linda Grabel. Linda Grabel is over here.
 I got faked out, myself. [Laughter]
 Senator Kerry, a minute and a half.
 Mr. President.
 And Senator Kerry, 30 seconds.
 That's going to conclude the questioning. We're going to go now to closing statements, 2 minutes from each candidate. And the first closing statement goes toLOSER I believe that was the agreement.
 Senator. And a closing statement fromWINNER
 Mr. President, you have a 90-second rebut.
 New question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. Do you believe the election of Senator Kerry on November the 2d would increase the chances of the U.S. being hit by another 9/11-type terrorist attack?
 Ninety-second response,LOSER
 New question, 2 minutes,LOSER "Colossal" misjudgments what colossal misjudgments, in your opinion, has President Bush made in these areas?
 Ninety-second response, Mr. President.
 New question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. What about Senator Kerry's point, the comparison he drew between the priorities of going after Usama bin Laden and going after Saddam Hussein?
 Senator Kerry, 90 seconds.
 Let's do aone of these one-minute extensions. You have 30 seconds.
 Thirty seconds, Senator.
 We'll come back to Iraq in a moment, but I want to come back to where I began, on homeland security. This is a 2-minute new question. Senator Kerry, as President, what would you do specifically, in addition to or differently, to increase the homeland security of the United States, than what President Bush is doing?
 Ninety-second response, Mr. President.
 Yes, let's do a littleyes, 30 seconds.
 New question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. What criteria would you use to determine when to start bringing U.S. troops home from Iraq?
 Ninety seconds,LOSER
 New
 All right, go ahead. Yes, sir.
 Sure.
 We can do 30 seconds each here.
 Senator Kerry, 30 seconds.
 All right, new question, 2 minutes,LOSER Speaking of Vietnam, you spoke to Congress in 1971, after you came back from Vietnam, and you said, quote, "How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?" Are Americans now dying in Iraq for a mistake?
 Ninety seconds.
 Thirty seconds, Senator.
 Thirty seconds, Mr. President.
 New question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. You have said there was a, quote, "miscalculation of what the conditions would be in postwar Iraq." What was the miscalculation, and how did it happen?
 Ninety seconds,LOSER
 New question, Senator Kerry, 2 minutes. You've justyou've repeatedly accused President Bush, not here tonight but elsewhere before, of not telling the truth about Iraq, essentially of lying to the American people about Iraq. Give us some examples of what you consider to be his not telling the truth.
 Ninety seconds, Mr. President.
 Thirty secondswe'll do a 30-second here.
 Thirty seconds, Mr. President.
 New question, Mr. President, 2 minutes. Has the war in Iraq been worth the cost in American lives? Ten thousand fifty twoI mean, 1,052 as of today.
 Senator, 90 seconds.
 Newall right, sir, go ahead. Thirty seconds.
 Senator Kerry, you have 30 seconds, right.
 Speaking of your plan, new question, Senator Kerry, 2 minutes. Can you give us specificsin terms of a scenario, timelines, et ceterafor ending U.S.major U.S. military involvement in Iraq?
 Ninety seconds.
 Thirty seconds.
 Yes, 30 seconds.
 Mr. President, a new question, 2 minutes. Does the Iraq experience make it more likely or less likely that you would take the United States into another preemptive military action?
 Senator Kerry, 90 seconds.
 Thirty seconds.
 Thirty seconds, Senator.
 New question, 2 minutes,LOSER What is your position on the whole concept of preemptive war?
 Ninety seconds.
 New question. Mr. President, do you believe that diplomacy and sanctions can resolve the nuclear problems with North Korea and Iran? Taking them in any order you would like.
 Senator Kerry, 90 seconds.
 I want to make sureyes, sirbut in this one minute, I want to make sure that we understandthe peoplethe people watching you understand the differences between the two of you on this. You want to continue the multinational talks, correct?
 And you wantyou're wanting to do it
 And you're opposed to that, right?
 New question, 2 minutes,LOSER You mentioned Darfur, the Darfur region of Sudan. Fifty thousand people have already died in that area, more than a million are homeless, and it's been labeled an act of ongoing genocide. Yet, neither one of you or anyone else connected with your campaigns or your administration that I can find has discussed the possibility of sending in troops. Why not?
 Ninety seconds.
 New question,WINNER There are clearly, as we have heard, major policy differences between the two of you. Are there also underlying character issues that you believethat you believe are serious enough to deny Senator Kerry the job as Commander in Chief of the United States?
 Ninety-second response, Senator.
 Thirty seconds.
 Thirty seconds.
 New question, 2 minutes,LOSER If you are elected President, what will you take to that office thinking is the single most serious threat to the national security of the United States?
 Ninety seconds, Mr. President.
 Just for this one-minute discussion here, is it justfor whatever seconds it takesso it's correct to say that if somebody is listening to this, that both of you agreeif you're reelected, Mr. President, and if you are electedthe single most serious threat you believeboth of you believe is nuclear proliferation?
 Your response to that.
 All right, Mr. President, this isthis is the last question, and 2 minutes. It's a newnew subject, new question. And it has to do with President Putin and Russia. Did you misjudge him, or are you do you feel that what he is doing in the name of antiterrorism by changing some democratic processes is okay?
 Ninety seconds,LOSER
 Thirty seconds, Mr. President.
 Right. Well, but whathe used the word "truth" again.
 Talking about the truth of the matter. He used the word "truth" again. Did that raise any hackles that you with you?
 All right. Yes.
 All right, that brings us to closing statements. And again, as determined by a coin toss, Senator Kerry, you go first, and you have 2 minutes.
 Mr. President, 2 minutes.
 And that ends tonight's debate. A reminder, the second Presidential debate will be a week from tomorrow, October 8th, from Washington University in St. Louis. Charles Gibson of ABC News will moderate a townhall-type event. Then, on October 13th, from Arizona State University in Tempe, Bob Schieffer of CBS News will moderate an exchange on domestic policy that will be similar in format to tonight's. Also, this coming Tuesday, at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, the Vice Presidential candidates, Vice President Cheney and Senator Edwards, will debate with my PBS colleague, Gwen Ifill, moderating.For now, thank you, Senator Kerry,WINNER From Coral Gables, Florida, I'm Jim Lehrer. Thank you, and good night.
 So we're going to begin with opening statements, and we had a flip of the coin, and the brief opening statement first from Senator Obama.
 Senator Clinton?
 Thank you both.And with that as preamble, we will take a very short commercial break. And we will come back and begin 90 minutes of debate. The Pennsylvania Democratic Debate continues after just one minute.(Announcements.)
 We'll begin each of the segments of this debate with short quotes from the Constitution that are apropos to what we're going to talk about. And it is good to be back here at the National Constitution Center.So let's start. And I'm going to give a general question, before we get to the issues, to both of you on politics.There have already been many votes in many states, and you have each, as you analyze the vote, appealed disproportionately to different constituencies in the party, and that dismays many in the party. Governor Cuomo, an elder statesman in your party, has come forward with a suggestion. He has said, look, fight it to the end.Let every vote be counted. You contest every delegate. Go at each other to the -- right till the end. Don't give an inch to one another. But pledge now that whichever one of you wins this contest, you'll take the other as your running mate, and that the other will agree if they lose, to take second place on the ticket.So I put the question to both of you Why not?(Pause, laughter.)Don't all speak at once. (Laughter.)
 But Senator Clinton, Governor Cuomo made that suggestion because he's not so sure. And other Democrats are not so sure.Just to quote from the Constitution again, "In every case," Article Two, Section One, "after the choice of the president, the person having the greatest number of votes of the electors shall be the vice president."If it was good enough in colonial times, why not in these times.
 All right. I will let this go. I don't think Governor Cuomo has any takers yet.Let me start with a question to you, Senator Obama.
 Talking to a closed-door fundraiser in San Francisco 10 days ago, you got talking in California about small-town Pennsylvanians who have had tough economic times in recent years. And you said they get bitter, and they cling to guns or they cling to their religion or they cling to antipathy toward people who are not like them.Now, you've said you misspoke; you said you mangled what it was you wanted to say. But we've talked to a lot of voters. Do you understand that some people in this state find that patronizing and think that you said actually what you meant?
 Senator Clinton?
 We're going to have some other questions on the same theme, so you'll be able to get back that.
 Let me pick up on this. When these comments from Senator Obama broke on Friday, Senator McCain's campaign immediately said that it was going to be a killer issue in November.Senator Clinton, when Bill Richardson called you to say he was endorsing Barack Obama, you told him that Senator Obama can't win. I'm not going to ask you about that conversation. I know you don't want to talk about it. But a simple yes-or-no question Do you think Senator Obama can beat John McCain or not?
 But the question is, do you think Senator Obama can do that? Can he win?
 Senator Obama, do yo think Senator Clinton can win?
 Senator Clinton, before I move on, do you want to do a brief response?
 Senator Obama, since you last debated, you made a significant speech in this building on the subject of race and your former pastor, the Reverend Jeremiah Wright. And you said subsequent to giving that speech that you never heard him say from the pulpit the kinds of things that so have offended people.But more than a year ago, you rescinded the invitation to him to attend the event when you announced your candidacy. He was to give the invocation. And according to the reverend, I'm quoting him, you said to him, "You can get kind of rough in sermons. So what we've decided is that it's best for you not to be out there in public." I'm quoting the reverend. But what did you know about his statements that caused you to rescind that invitation?
 And if you knew he got rough in sermons, why did it take you more than a year to publicly disassociate yourself from his remarks?
 Senator Clinton, let me -- I'm sorry, go ahead. Senator Clinton, let me follow up, and let me add to that. You have said that he would not have been my pastor, and you said that you have to speak out against those kinds of remarks, and implicitly by getting up and moving, and I presume you mean out of the church.There are 8,000 members of Senator Obama's church. And we have heard the inflammatory remarks of Reverend Wright, but so too have we heard testament to many great things that he did. Do you honestly believe that 8,000 people should have gotten up and walked out of that church?
 But you did rescind the invitation to him --
 Senator, two questions. Number one, do you think Reverend Wright loves America as much as you do? And number two, if you get the nomination, what will you do when those sermons are played on television again and again and again?
 You've disowned him?
 But you do believe he's as patriotic as you are?
 I'm getting a little out of balance here. Do you want to take a few seconds, or do you want to go to the next question?
 Senator Clinton, we also did a poll today, and there are also questions about you raised in this poll. About six in 10 voters that we talked to say they don't believe you're honest and trustworthy. And we also asked a lot of Pennsylvania voters for questions they had. A lot of them raised this honesty issue and your comments about being under sniper fire in Bosnia.Here's Tom Rooney from Pittsburgh.Q Senator, I was in your court until a couple of weeks ago. How do you reconcile the campaign of credibility that you have when you've made those comments about what happened getting off the plane in Bosnia, which totally misrepresented what really happened on that day? You really lost my vote. And what can you tell me to get that vote back?
 Senator Obama, your campaign has sent out a cascade of e-mails, just about every day, questioning Senator Clinton's credibility. And you yourself have said she hasn't been fully truthful about what she would do as president.Do you believe that Senator Clinton has been fully truthful about her past?
 Your campaign has.
 And Senator Obama, I want to do one more question, which goes to the basic issue of electability. And it is a question raised by a voter in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, a woman by the name of Nash McCabe. Take a look.NASH MCCABE (Latrobe, Pennsylvania) (From videotape.) Senator Obama, I have a question, and I want to know if you believe in the American flag. I am not questioning your patriotism, but all our servicemen, policemen and EMS wear the flag. I want to know why you don't.
 Just to add to that, I noticed you put one on yesterday. But -- you've talked about this before, but it comes up again and again when we talk to voters. And as you may know, it is all over the Internet. And it's something of a theme that Senators Clinton and McCain's advisers agree could give you a major vulnerability if you're the candidate in November. How do you convince Democrats that this would not be a vulnerability?
 Senator, if you get the nomination, you'll have to -- (applause) -- (inaudible).I want to give Senator Clinton a chance to respond, but first a follow-up on this issue, the general theme of patriotism in your relationships. A gentleman named William Ayers, he was part of the Weather Underground in the 1970s. They bombed the Pentagon, the Capitol and other buildings. He's never apologized for that. And in fact, on 9/11 he was quoted in The New York Times saying, "I don't regret setting bombs; I feel we didn't do enough."An early organizing meeting for your state senate campaign was held at his house, and your campaign has said you are friendly. Can you explain that relationship for the voters, and explain to Democrats why it won't be a problem?
 Please.
 And Senator Clinton, I'm getting out of balance in terms of time.
 And you're getting shortchanged here. And so if you want to reply here, fine. If you want to wait, we'll do it in the next half hour.
 All right.We will take a commercial break. We will come back. And the Democratic debate, from the city of Philadelphia before the Pennsylvania primary, will continue. Stay with us. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 Another quote from the Constitution, apropos because we are here, as you heard just a moment ago, at the Constitution Center.Senator Clinton, a question for you. We talked about the military applications from the Constitution and this is a question that involves the war in Iraq. It comes from Mandy Garber of Pittsburgh. Take a look.MANDY GARBER (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) So, the real question is, I mean, do the candidates have a real plan to get us out of Iraq or is it just real campaign propaganda? And you know, it's really unclear. They keep saying we want to bring the troops back, but considering what's happening on the ground, how is that going to happen?
 Let me just add a little bit to that question, because your communications director in your campaign, Howard Wolfson on a conference call recently was asked, "Is Senator Clinton going to stick to her announced plan of bringing one or two brigades out of Iraq every month whatever the realities on the ground?" And Wolfson said, "I'm giving you a one-word answer so we can be clear about it, the answer is yes."So if the military commanders in Iraq came to you on day one and said this kind of withdrawal would destabilize Iraq, it would set back all of the gains that we have made, no matter what, you're going to order those troops to come home?
 But Senator Clinton, aren't you saying -- I mean, General Petraeus was in Washington. You both were there when he testified, saying that the gains in Iraq are fragile and are reversible. Are you essentially saying, "I know better than the military commanders here"?
 And Senator Obama, your campaign manager, David Plouffe, said, when he is -- this is talking about you -- when he is elected president, we will be out of Iraq in 16 months at the most; there should be no confusion about that.So you'd give the same rock-hard pledge, that no matter what the military commanders said, you would give the order Bring them home.
 Senator Obama, let's stay in the region. Iran continues to pursue a nuclear option. Those weapons, if they got them, would probably pose the greatest threat to Israel. During the Cold War, it was the United States policy to extend deterrence to our NATO allies. An attack on Great Britain would be treated as if it were an attack on the United States.
 So you would extend our deterrent to Israel?
 Senator Clinton, would you?
 Let me turn to the economy. That is the number one issue on Americans' minds right now.Yesterday, Senator McCain singled that the number one issue, in the general election campaign on the economy, is going to be taxes. And he says that both of you are going to raise taxes, not just on the wealthy but on everyone. Here's what he said in his speech yesterday.JOHN MCCAIN (R-AZ) (Pre-recorded remarks.) All these tax increases are under the fine print of the slogan hope. They're going to raise your taxes by thousands of dollars a year. And they have the audacity to hope you don't mind.(Laughter.)
 Senator Clinton, two-part question.Two-part question Can you make an absolute, read-my-lips pledge that there will be no tax increases of any kind for anyone earning under $200,000 a year?And if the economy is as weak a year from now as it is today, will you -- will you persist in your plans to roll back President Bush's tax cuts for wealthier Americans?
 Even if the economy is weak?
 An absolute commitment, no middle-class tax increases of any kind.
 Senator Obama?
 Would you take the same pledge?
 Senator Obama, you both have now just taken this pledge on people under $250,000 and 200-and-what, 250,000.
 All right.You have however said you would favor an increase in the capital gains tax. As a matter of fact, you said on CNBC, and I quote, "I certainly would not go above what existed under Bill Clinton, which was 28 percent."It's now 15 percent. That's almost a doubling if you went to 28 percent. But actually Bill Clinton in 1997 signed legislation that dropped the capital gains tax to 20 percent.
 And George Bush has taken it down to 15 percent.
 And in each instance, when the rate dropped, revenues from the tax increased. The government took in more money. And in the 1980s, when the tax was increased to 28 percent, the revenues went down. So why raise it at all, especially given the fact that 100 million people in this country own stock and would be affected?
 But history shows that when you drop the capital gains tax, the revenues go up.
 Senator Clinton.
 I'm going to go to a commercial break. But I just want to come back to one thing you said, and I want to be clear. The question was about capital gains tax. Would you say, "No, I'm not going to raise capital gains taxes"?
 "If I raised it at all." Would you propose an increase in the capital gains tax?
 Very quickly, because I owe Senator Clinton time, but, yeah, you wanted to respond.
 But Senator, that's a tax. That's a tax on people under $250,000.
 But there's a heck of a lot of --
 Those are a heck of a lot of people between $97,000 and $200(,000) and $250,000. If you raise the payroll taxes, that's going to raise taxes on them.
 On that point, we're going to take a break, a commercial break. The Democratic debate from here in Philadelphia before the Pennsylvania primary will continue. Stay with us. We'll be back. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 Back to the Philadelphia Debate, the Democratic Debate, just less than a week now before the Pennsylvania primary.And I would be remiss tonight if I didn't take note of the fact that today is the one-year anniversary of Virginia Tech. And I think it's fair to say that probably every American during this day, at one point or another, said a small prayer for the great people at that university and for those who died.It also, I suspect, makes this an appropriate time to talk about guns. And it has not been talked about much in this campaign and it's an important issue in the state of Pennsylvania.Both of you, in the past, have supported strong gun control measures. But now when I listen to you on the campaign, I hear you emphasizing that you believe in an individual's right to bear arms.Both of you were strong advocates for licensing of guns. Both of you were strong advocates for the registration of guns.Why don't you emphasize that now, Senator Clinton?
 Senator Obama, the District of Columbia has a law, it's had a law since 1976, it's now before the United States Supreme Court, that prohibits ownership of handguns, a sawed-off shotgun, a machine gun or a short-barreled rifle. Is that law consistent with an individual's right to bear arms?
 But do you still favor the registration of guns? Do you still favor the licensing of guns?And in 1996, your campaign issued a questionnaire, and your writing was on the questionnaire that said you favored a ban on handguns.
 Senator Clinton, you have a home in D.C.Do you support the D.C. ban?
 But what do you think? Do you support it or not?
 Is the D.C. ban consistent with that right?
 Well, with all due respect, and I'm not sure I got an answer from Senator Obama. But do you still favor licensing and registration of handguns?
 But Senator, you were for that when you ran for Senate in New York.
 Senator Obama, last May we talked about affirmative action, ad you said at the time that affluent African Americans like your daughters should probably be treated as pretty advantaged when they apply to college, and that poor white children -- kids -- should get special consideration, affirmative action.So, as president, how specifically would you recommend changing affirmative action policies so that affluent African Americans are not given advantages, and poor, less affluent whites are?
 Even if they're wealthy?
 Senator Clinton, would you agree to that kind of change?
 We're running short on time. Let me just give some quick questions here, and let me give you a minute each to answer. What are you going to do about gas prices? It's getting to $4 a gallon. It is killing truckers.
 People are in trouble. And yet the whole world pays a whole lot more for gas than we do. What are you going to do about it?
 Like John McCain.
 Very quickly, Senator Obama, I -- the same thing. But we've heard from politicians for a long time we're going to end dependence on foreign oil. I just have a quote "The generation-long growth in our dependence on foreign oil will be stopped dead in its tracks right now." That was Jimmy Carter in 1979. And it's gotten a whole lot worse since then.
 We're running out of time for this segment. Very quickly, for each of you, 30 seconds. Senator Clinton, you've said that you believe in using former presidents. How would you use George W. Bush if you were president? (Laughter.)
 Senator Obama.
 All right.We're going to take one more commercial break, come back with a final question for both of you in just a moment.(Announcements.)
 Final question, now, to finish what I think has been a fascinating debate, and I appreciate both of you being here -- thanking you in advance.I -- it is hard to see how either one of you win this nomination on the basis of pledged delegates in primaries. And it could well come down to superdelegates. And I know you've been talking to them all along. But let's say you're at the convention in Denver, and you're talking to a group of 20 undecided superdelegates. How are you going to make the case to them why you're the better candidate and more electable in November?What do you say to them -- minute-and-a-half each. And by a flip of the coin, Senator Clinton goes first.
 Senator Obama.
 The audience has been very good in restraining themselves. I think a round of applause for Senators Obama and Clinton. (Applause.)And that concludes tonight's Pennsylvania debate. We appreciate both of you and wish you both the best.Thank you very much. (Applause continues.)
 A lot has been said since we last gathered in this forum, certainly since -- in the few days since you two last debated. Senator Clinton, in your comments especially, the difference has been striking. And let's begin by taking a look.
 Senator Clinton, we're here in Ohio. Senator Obama is here. This is the debate. You would agree the difference in tone over just those 48 hours was striking.
 On the topic of accurate information, and to that end, one of the things that has happened over the past 36 hours -- a photo went out the website The Drudge Report, showing Senator Obama in the native garb of a nation he was visiting, as you have done in a host country on a trip overseas.Matt Drudge on his website said it came from a source inside the Clinton campaign. Can you say unequivocally here tonight it did not?
 Senator Obama, your response.
 And Senator Clinton, on this subject --
 Senator Obama, a quick response.
 Thank you.
 Senator, as you two --
 The last answer on this topic.
 Senator, I'm going to change the subject.
 Senator --
 Well, a 16-minute discussion on health care is certainly a start. (Laughter.) I'd like to change up --
 I -- well, here's another important topic, and that's NAFTA, especially where we're sitting here tonight. And this is a tough one depending on who you ask. The Houston Chronicle has called it a big win for Texas, but Ohio Democratic Senator Brown, your colleague in the Senate, has called it a job-killing trade agreement. Senator Clinton, you've campaigned in south Texas. You've campaigned here in Ohio. Who's right?
 Senator, thank you.Before we turn the questioning over to Tim Russert, Senator Obama.
 I want to ask you both about NAFTA because the record, I think, is clear. And I want to -- Senator Clinton. Senator Obama said that you did say in 2004 that on balance NAFTA has been good for New York and America. You did say that. When President Clinton signed this bill -- and this was after he negotiated two new side agreements, for labor and environment -- President Clinton said it would be a force for economic growth and social progress. You said in '96 it was proving its worth as free and fair trade. You said that -- in 2000 -- it was a good idea that took political courage. So your record is pretty clear.Based on that, and which you're now expressing your discomfort with it, in the debate that Al Gore had with Ross Perot, Al Gore said the following "If you don't like NAFTA and what it's done, we can get out of it in six months.The president can say to Canada and Mexico, we are out. This has not been a good agreement." Will U.S. president say we are out of NAFTA in six months?
 Just because -- maybe Clinton --
 You will get out. You will notify Mexico and Canada, NAFTA is gone in six months.
 We're going to get -- we're going to get to Senator Obama, but I want to stay on your terms --
 -- because this was something that you wrote about as a real success for your husband. You said it was good on balance for New York and America in 2004, and now you're in Ohio and your words are much different, Senator. The record is very clear.
 But let me button this up. Absent the change that you're suggesting, you are willing to opt out of NAFTA in six months?
 Senator Obama, you did in 2004 talk to farmers and suggest that NAFTA had been helpful. The Associated Press today ran a story about NAFTA, saying that you have been consistently ambivalent towards the issue. Simple question Will you, as president, say to Canada and Mexico, "This has not worked for us; we are out"?
 Senator, two journalists here in Ohio wrote a piece called "Business as Usual," which is very well known, suggesting it wasn't trade or manufacturing jobs that were being lost because of it, but rather business as usual lack of patents, lack of innovation, lack of investment, 70 percent of the Ph.D.s in biology, chemistry, engineering leaving the state.The fact is, exports now have the highest share of our national income ever. Ohio ranks fourth in terms of exports to Canada and Mexico. Are you sure this has not been better for Ohio than you're suggesting?
 Senator Clinton, on the issue of jobs, I watched you the other day with your economic blueprint in Wisconsin saying, this is my plan; hold me accountable. And I've had a chance to read it very carefully. It does say that you pledge to create 5 million new jobs over 10 years.And I was reminded of your campaign in 2000 in Buffalo, my hometown, just three hours down Route 90, where you pledged 200,000 new jobs for upstate New York. There's been a net loss of 30,000 jobs. And when you were asked about your pledge, your commitment, you told The Buffalo News, "I might have been a little exuberant." Tonight will you say that the pledge of 5 million jobs might be a little exuberant?
 Brian?
 Senator Obama, yesterday Senator Clinton gave a speech on foreign policy and I'm going to read you a quote from it. Quote, "We've seen the tragic result of having a president who had neither the experience nor the wisdom to manage our foreign policy and safeguard our national security. We cannot let that happen again. America has already taken that chance one time too many." Some of the comments in the speech were more pointed. The senator has compared your foreign policy expertise to that of George W. Bush at the same period. Provided you could be going into a general election against a Republican with vast foreign policy expertise and credibility on national security, how were her comments about you unfair?
 Well, Senator Clinton, in the last debate you seemed to take a pass on the question of whether or not Senator Obama was qualified to be commander in chief. Is your contention in this latest speech that America would somehow be taking a chance on Senator Obama as commander in chief?
 Senator Obama, a quick response.
 Let me talk about the future -- let me talk the future about Iraq, because this is important, I think, to Democratic voters particularly. You both have pledged the withdrawal of troops from Iraq. You both have said you'd keep a residual force there to protect our embassy, to seek out al Qaeda, to neutralize Iran. If the Iraqi government said, President Clinton or President Obama, you're pulling out your troops this quickly?You're going to be gone in a year, but you're going to leave a residual force behind? No. Get out. Get out now. If you don't want to stay and protect us, we're a sovereign nation. Go home now." Will you leave?
 Senator Clinton, if the Iraqis said I'm sorry, we're not happy with this arrangement; if you're not going to stay in total and defend us, get out completely; they are a sovereign nation, you would listen?
 Let me ask -- let me ask you this, Senator. I want to ask you --
 I want to ask both of you this question, then. If we -- if this scenario plays out and the Americans get out in total and al Qaeda resurges and Iraq goes to hell, do you hold the right, in your mind as American president, to re-invade, to go back into Iraq to stabilize it?
 But this is reality.
 Senator Obama, I want you to respond to not holding oversight for your subcommittee. But also, do you reserve a right as American president to go back into Iraq, once you have withdrawn, with sizable troops in order to quell any kind of insurrection or civil war?
 And Senator, I need to reserve --
 I'm sorry, Senator, I've got to --
 I've got to get us to a break because television doesn't stop.
 Can you hold that thought until we come back from a break? We have limited commercial interruptions tonight, and we have to get to one of them now. Despite the snowstorm swirling outside here in Cleveland, we're having a warm night in the arena. We'll return to it right after this. (Laughter, applause.)(Announcements.)(Cheers, applause.)
 We are back, and because our first segment went long and we are in a large arena -- (cheers, applause) -- we are just now welcoming back both of our candidates to the stage and asking our cooperation of the audience.We're back live tonight in Cleveland, Ohio.Senator Obama, we started tonight talking about what could be construed as a little hyperbole. Happens from time to time on the campaign trail. You have recently been called out on some yourself. I urge you to look at your monitor and we'll take a look.
 Of all the charges -- (laughter, applause) -- of all the charges and countercharges made tonight, we can confirm that is not you, Senator Obama.
 That was Senator Clinton. But since we played that tape, albeit in error, for this segment, how did you take that?
 How did you take those remarks when you heard them?
 Well, let me ask you, Senator Clinton What did you mean by that piece of videotape we saw from the campaign?
 And Senator -- Senator --
 What I was attempting to do here is to show something Senator Obama said about you, and I'm told it's ready.
 Let's try it.
 Let's try it. Hang on. Watch your monitor.Let's try it. We're going to come back to you.
 Now, Senator Obama, you can react to it and whatever you wanted to react to from earlier, but I've been wanting to ask you about this assertion that Senator Clinton has somehow cast herself as co-president.
 Senator Obama, let me ask you about motivating, inspiring, keeping your word. Nothing more important. Last year you said if you were the nominee you would opt for public financing in the general election of the campaign; try to get some of the money out. You checked "Yes" on a questionnaire. And now Senator McCain has said, calling your bluff, let's do it. You seem to be waffling, saying, well, if we can work on an arrangement here.Why won't you keep your word in writing that you made to abide by public financing of the fall election?
 So you may opt out of public financing. You may break your word.
 Senator Clinton, an issue of accountability and credibility. You have loaned your campaign $5 million. You and your husband file a joint return. You refuse to release that joint return, even though former President Clinton has had significant overseas business dealings.Your chief supporter here in Ohio, Governor Strickland, made releasing his opponent's tax return one of the primary issues of the campaign, saying repeatedly, "Accountability, transparency." If he's not releasing, his campaign said, his tax return, what is he hiding? We should question what's going on.Why won't you release your tax return, so the voters of Ohio, Texas, Vermont, Rhode Island know exactly where you and your husband got your money, who might be in part bankrolling your campaign?
 Why not now?
 So, before next Tuesday's primary?
 One other issue. You talked about releasing documents. On January 30th, the National Archives released 10,000 pages of your public schedule as first lady. It's now in the custody of former President Clinton. Will you release that -- again, during this primary season that you claim that eight years of experience, let the public know what you did, who you met with those eight years?
 But you've had it for more than a month. Will you get to him -- will you get it to the White House immediately?
 Senator Obama, one of the things in a campaign is that you have to react to unexpected developments.On Sunday, the headline in your hometown paper, Chicago Tribune "Louis Farrakhan Backs Obama for President at Nation of Islam Convention in Chicago." Do you accept the support of Louis Farrakhan?
 Do you reject his support?
 The problem some voters may have is, as you know, Reverend Farrakhan called Judaism "gutter religion."
 The title of one of your books, "Audacity of Hope," you acknowledge you got from a sermon from Reverend Jeremiah Wright, the head of the Trinity United Church. He said that Louis Farrakhan "epitomizes greatness."He said that he went to Libya in 1984 with Louis Farrakhan to visit with Moammar Gadhafi and that, when your political opponents found out about that, quote, "your Jewish support would dry up quicker than a snowball in Hell."
 What do you do to assure Jewish-Americans that, whether it's Farrakhan's support or the activities of Reverend Jeremiah Wright, your pastor, you are consistent with issues regarding Israel and not in any way suggesting that Farrakhan epitomizes greatness?
 Senator...
 Are you suggesting Senator Obama is not standing on principle?
 Rare audience outburst on the agreement over rejecting and renouncing.We're going to take advantage of this opportunity to take the second of our limited breaks. We'll be back live from Cleveland right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 We are back from Cleveland State University. We continue with our debate.The question beginning this segment is for you, Senator Obama.The National Journal rates your voting record as more liberal than that of Ted Kennedy.In a general election, going up against a Republican Party, looking for converts, Republicans, independents, how can you run with a more liberal voting record than Ted Kennedy?
 Let's go from domestic to foreign affairs and Tim Russert.
 Before the primary on Tuesday, on Sunday, March 2, there's an election in Russia for the successor to President Putin. What can you tell me about the man who's going to be Mr. Putin's successor?
 Who will it be? Do you know his name?
 Yes.
 Senator Obama, do you know anything about him?
 He's 42 years old, he's a former law professor. He is Mr. Putin's campaign manager. He is going to be the new president of Russia. And if he says to the Russian troops, you know what, why don't you go help Serbia retake Kosovo, what does President Obama do?
 Before you go, each of you have talked about your careers in public service. Looking back through them, is there any words or vote that you'd like to take back?Senator Clinton?
 But to be clear, you'd like to have your vote back?
 Senator Obama, any statements or vote you'd like to take back?
 This is the young woman with the feeding tube...
 ... and the family disagreed as to whether it should be removed or not.
 But the voters can only choose one, Brian.
 And I think you have a question.
 Well, we don't have such thing in our format as a closing statement, but I am going to ask a closing and fundamental question of you both. And I'll ask it of you fist, Senator Obama.What is the fundamental question you believe Senator Clinton must answer along the way to the voters here in Ohio and in Texas, and for that matter across the country, in order to prove her worthiness as the nominee? And then we will ask the same question of Senator Clinton.
 Senator Clinton, same question, and that is again -- is there a fundamental question Senator Obama must answer to the voters in this state and others as to his worthiness?
 Senator, thank you.
 And we have given the candidates the opportunity to make opening statements. The order was determined by a draw. Senator Obama won the draw and elected to go second, so please go ahead, Senator Clinton.
 Senator Clinton, thank you.Senator Obama.
 All right, Senator Obama, thank you. And let's begin with questions.Jorge Ramos.
 Thank you very much. (Speaks in Spanish.) Thank you so much for being with us, and let me start with a little news.After nearly half a century in office Fidel Castro resigned as the head of the Cuban government. Ninety miles off the coast of the United States we might have a new opportunity.A question for you, Senator Clinton. Would you be willing to sit down with Raul Castro or whoever leads the Cuban dictatorship when you take office at least just once to get a measure of the man?
 Very simply, would you meet with him or not, with Raul Castro?
 Senator Obama, just to follow up, you had said in a previous CNN debate that you would meet with the leaders of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, among others. So presumably you would be willing to meet with the new leader of Cuba.
 But that's different from your position back in 2003. You called U.S. policy towards Cuba a miserable failure, and you supported normalizing relations. So you've back-tracked now.
 Senator Clinton, do you want a quick response?
 Okay. Very briefly, and then we're going to move on.
 A question now on the economy. John King.KING Campbell noted -- Senators, good evening, first. I want to bring the conversation back home.You know from your travels, you don't need to look at the polls or anything else, that the economy is by far now the dominant issue that voters want to hear about from the candidates, and for some that's a question about what should we do about an economy that is at the edge or perhaps in the early stages of a recession. For some, it's more focused; maybe it's will you raise the minimum wage, maybe it is about trade deals that they think leave them on the raw end, as you mentioned in your opening statement, Senator Obama. But when we asked Democrats how are these two candidates different, many of them say they don't know.So Senator Obama, beginning with you, tell us as specifically as you can how would a President Obama be different than a President Clinton in managing the nation's economy.
 Thank you, Senator.And we've got a lot of ground to cover --
 All right, Senator Clinton, thank you very much.As I was saying, we've got a lot to get through, so I do want to shift gears and go on to another topic especially important here in Texas, which is immigration.And Jorge, you have a question.
 (Speaks in Spanish.) Federal raids by immigration enforcement officials on homes and businesses have generated a great deal of fear and anxiety in the Hispanic community and have divided the family of some of the 3 million U.S.-born children who have at least one undocumented parent.Would you consider stopping these raids once you take office until comprehensive immigration reform can be passed?
 Senator Obama, is your position the same as Hillary Clinton's?
 All right, Senator Obama.We're going to stay with this topic. I want to have John King ask another question. Go ahead, John.KING I want to stay on the issue, but move to a controversial item that was not held up when the immigration debate collapsed in Washington, and that is the border fence. To many Americans, it is a simple question of sovereignty and securityAmerica should be able to keep people out that it doesn't want in. But as you know, in this state, especially if you go to the south of here along the border, and in other border states, to many people it's a much more personal question. It could be a question of their livelihood. It could be a question of cross-border trade. It might be an issue to a rancher of property rights. It might be a simple question of whether someone can take a walk or a short drive to see their family members.Senator, back in 2006 you voted for the construction of that fence. As you know, progress has been slow. As president of the United States, would you commit tonight that you will finish the fence and speed up the construction, or do you think it's time for a president of the United States to raise his or her hand and say, you know what, wait a minute, let's think about this again; do we really want to do this?
 Let me go on and --Sorry, John.KING But does that mean that you think your vote was wrong or the implementation of it was wrong, because, as you know, when they first built the fence in the San Diego area it only went so far, and what it did was it stopped the people coming straight up the path of where that was built and they simply moved, and California's problem became Arizona's problem.
 All right --
 All right, Senator Clinton.Senator Obama, go ahead, please. (Applause.)
 Okay. Let's -- we've got one last question on immigration.Jorge, go ahead.
 (Remarks in Spanish.)Right now there are more than 30 million people in this country who speak Spanish. (Applause.) Many of them are right here. By the year 2050, there will be 120 million Hispanics in the United States.Now, is there any downside, Senator Clinton, to the United States becoming -- (remarks in Spanish) -- becoming a bilingual nation? Is there a limit?
 Senator Obama, is there any downside to the United States becoming a bilingual nation?
 All right.We're going to take a quick break. We've got to go to a commercial. We'll be back with a lot more.There's also a debate, we should mention, raging online right now, so go to our website, CNNPolitics.com, to join in.The debate here at the University of Texas in Austin continues right after this. (Cheers, applause.)(Announcements.)
 And we are back. We're here in Austin, Texas, the capital city. Welcome back to the Texas Democratic debate at the University of Texas-Austin.The first question now goes to John King.KING Senators, as I'm sitting here, we're about 45 minutes into the discussion tonight, and I'm having what I like to call one of those parallel universe moments. I've been watching each of you give speeches in arenas not unlike this one, individually, and the tone is often quite different than the very polite, substantive discourse -- (laughter, applause) -- we've had tonight.And so I want to ask you about that. There are times when each of you seems to call into question the other one's credibility or truthfulness. And Senator Clinton, I want to talk specifically about some words you've spoken here in the state of Texas over the past couple of days. You've said, quote, "My opponent gives speeches; I offer solutions." You said the choice for Democrats in this campaign is, quote, "talk versus action."Now, in a campaign that some of us are old enough to remember -- maybe not many of the students here -- this would be called the "Where's the beef?" question. (Laughter.) But since we're in Texas, I'd like to borrow a phrase that they often use here, and you've used yourself in the context of President Bush. Are you saying that your opponent is all hat and no cattle? And can you say that after the last 45 minutes? (Laughter, applause.)
 Senator Obama, go ahead. Senator Obama, do you want to respond?
 I think -- I think one of the points -- (interrupted by continued cheers, applause). I think one of the points that John King was alluding to in talking about some of Senator Clinton's comments is there has been a lot of attention lately on some of your speeches, that they're very similar to some of the speeches by your friend and supporter, Deval Patrick, the governor of Massachusetts. And Senator Clinton's campaign has made a big issue of this. To be blunt, they've accused you of plagiarism.
 How do you respond?
 Senator Clinton, is it the silly season?
 All right. Senator Clinton, thank you.Senator Obama, please respond.
 All right --
 -- I've got -- we've got some time constraints here.Now, we've got to take to another real quick break. Stay with us. We've got a lot more ahead. You can compare the candidates on the issues any time, just go to our website, cnnpolitics.com. A lot more ahead here at the University of Texas. We'll be right back. (Cheers, applause.)(Announcements.)(Cheers, applause.)
 An enthusiastic crowd here at the University of Texas. Welcome back to the Texas Democratic debate. Let's get right to it. Jorge Ramos with the next question.
 (Thank you ?), Campbell.Senator Clinton, yesterday you said -- and I'm quoting -- "one of us is ready to be commander in chief." Are you saying that Senator Obama is not ready and not qualified to be commander in chief?
 All right --
 Oh, but --
 But I would like you also to come back to this after --
 All right. We appreciate that you want to make a point.Senator Obama, we have limited time --
 -- so I would like Jorge to move on to another subject, or we're going to be out of time.
 Very briefly, absolutely.
 All right. All right, Senator Clinton --
 (Off mike) -- (applause).
 Okay.Let's let Jorge re-ask his question because I don't think anyone remembers. (Laughter.)
 Let me try again and not in Spanish, okay? (Laughter.) Here we go again -- because we also believe the war in Iraq is very important, and here's the question.Are you suggesting that Senator Obama is not ready, he doesn't have the experience to be commander in chief? That's a question.What did you mean by that phrase?
 Senator Obama. Go ahead, Senator Obama.
 All right, Senator Clinton, we're going to stay with this and stay on Iraq.John King.KING I want to continue in this vein and hone in on the very point you just made because one of you, unless this remarkable campaign here takes another wacky, unpredictable turn, is going to be running against a decorated war hero who is going to say that you don't have the experience to be commander in chief.And you have both said it's not about that type of experience; it's about judgment.You both had to make a judgment a short time ago in your job in the United States Senate about whether to support the surge. And as that was going on, Senator Clinton, you had the commanding general in Iraq before you, and you said, "I think that the reports you provide to us really require the willing suspension of disbelief," your words to General Petreaus.I want you to look at Iraq now and listen to those who say the security situation is better. Ideal? No, but better, some say significantly. In recent days, even some steps toward the political reconciliation. Is Iraq today better off than it was six months or a year ago because of the surge?
 All right. An issue relating to the current election. Jorge.
 As we can see, this has been an extremely close nomination battle that will come down to superdelegates. And House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, the highest-ranking Democrat in government, said recently -- and I'm quoting -- "It would be a problem" -- and this is a question for you, Senator Clinton -- "It would be a problem for the party if the verdict would be something different than the public has decided." Do you agree?
 Senator Obama, go ahead. Do you have a response to Senator Clinton?
 We have time for just one final question and we thought we'd sort of end on a more philosophical question.You've both spent a lot of time talking about leadership, about who's ready and who has the right judgment to lead if elected president.And a leader's judgment is -- is most tested at times of crisis. And I'm wondering if both of you will describe what was a moment -- what was THE moment that tested you the most, that moment of crisis?Senator Obama.
 Senator Clinton.
 All right. A standing ovation here in Austin, Texas. Our thanks to Senator Barack Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton. Appreciate your time tonight -- (cheers, applause) -- and to John and Jorge as well.(Applause continues.) We also want to thank our debate partners, the university, the University of Texas at Austin, and the Texas Democratic Party and the LBJ Library, as well as the city of Austin.Stay with CNN on March 4th for complete coverage of the primary results in Texas, Ohio, Vermont, Rhode Island. I'm Campbell Brown in Austin. This debate will be broadcast in Spanish later tonight on the Univision television network. It'll air at 1130 p.m. Eastern and 1030 p.m. Central.
 And this time we're giving them, by the way, 90 seconds right now to say whatever they want in opening statements. So let's begin with Senator Obama.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Clinton.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.All right, the first question will go to Doyle.
 Senator Clinton, your two campaigns have been going on for more than a year now, and it's clear that the two of you have had different experiences in your life -- in your lives. You have different styles. But when most voters look at the two of you, they don't see a lot of daylight between you on policy. So what I'd like to ask is, what do you consider the most important policy distinction between the two of you?
 We heard Senator Clinton, Senator Obama, define some of the differences that, on policy issues, she sees between the two of you. What do you see as the most significant policy differences between the two of you?
 Those are three important issues that you both have defined where there are some difference -- health care, the housing crisis, national security, Iraq, Iran. We're going to go through all of those issues over the course of this debate.But let's start with health care, because this is a critical issue affecting millions and millions of Americans. And Jeanne, you have a question on that.CUMMINGS Well, you all both mentioned that health care's a priority for your party, and -- but the truth is that most Democrats really do want full coverage, everybody covered.Now, Senator Obama, this is a question for you. Under your plan, which is voluntary -- it creates incentives for people to buy but still is voluntary -- it would be about 15 million people who would still not be covered. Now, why is your plan superior to hers?
 Senator Clinton, this is a substantive difference on health care --
 -- between the two of you. Go ahead and respond.
 Senator Obama, let me just fine-tune the question, because I know you want to respond. On this issue of mandates, those who don't, whether it's 10 million or 15 million, those who can afford it but don't wind up buying health insurance for one reason or another -- they wind up getting sick; they go to an emergency room. All of us wind up paying for their health care. That's the biggest criticism that's been leveled at your plan.
 I just want to be precise, and I'll let Senator Clinton respond, but you say broadcast on C-SPAN these deliberations. Is that a swipe at Senator Clinton because she --
 Senator Clinton, we remember '93. When you were formulating your health care plan, it was done in secret.
 All right. The next question, a related question, from Doyle.
 Senator Obama, one other thing both of your health insurance proposals have in common is they would cost billions of dollars in new spending, and both of you have proposed raising taxes on a lot of Americans to pay for that and for other proposals. Well, now, you know what's going to happen this fall in the general election campaign The Republicans are going to call you tax-and-spend liberal Democrats, and that's a charge that's been effective in the past. How are you going to counter that charge?
 Let me let -- Senator Clinton, your health care plan is estimated it will cost $110 billion annually. You want to tax the rich to pay for that, is that what you're saying?
 Jeanne has a question on a different subject, but I just want to be precise. When you let -- if you become president, either one of you let the Bush tax cuts lapse, there will be, effectively, tax increases on millions of Americans.
 You're willing to go into --
 All right, Jeanne.CUMMINGS On immigration. The Republicans have had a pretty fierce debate over immigration, and it's now pretty clear that that's going to be an issue for you-all as well, not just in the general, but it's bubbled up in some of the primaries. And it's a divisive issue for you-all as it is for the Republicans. And that was pretty evident when we got a question through Politico.This is from Kim Millman (sp) from Burnsville, Minnesota. And she says "There's been no acknowledgement by any of the presidential candidates of the negative economic impact of immigration on the African-American community. How do you propose to address the high unemployment rates and the declining wages in the African-American community that are related to the flood of immigrant labor?"Senator Obama, you want to go first on that? And it's for both of you-all.
 Senator Clinton, now we're going to stay on the subject, but Doyle has a follow-up.
 Senator Clinton, Senator Obama has said that he favors allowing illegal immigrants to obtain drivers' licenses, and you oppose that idea. Why?
 Senator.
 All right.We have a follow-up, Senator Obama. In an interview with CNN this week, you said this. You said, quote, "I stood up for a humane and intelligent immigration policy in a way that frankly none of my other opponents did." What did you mean by that?
 But --
 -- are you -- (inaudible) -- Senator Clinton's policy was not, in your words, humane?
 Was she lacking on that front?
 I'm just trying to find out what you mean.
 I want to let --
 -- Senator Clinton respond, but were you missing in action when Senator Obama and Senator McCain and Senator Kennedy started formulating comprehensive immigration reform?
 Very quickly Senator, why not then, if you're that passionate about it, let them get driver's licenses?
 All right, we're going to talk a lot more about this. We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to talk about. You can follow all of the action, by the way, on CNNPolitics.com. And there's a lively dialogue going on there right now, CNNPolitics.com.We'll take a quick break. We'll pick up with two issues, experience and character, and then move on to a lot more right after this.(Announcements.)
 All right.Senator -- Senator Clinton, you've been a senator only a few more years than Senator Obama's been a senator. What experience as a first lady qualifies you to be president of the United States?
 All right.
 Jeanne Cummings of Politico, go ahead.CUMMINGS Well, we've got a question on this that's come in on politico.com. And it echoes, I think, a message that you all might be fighting up against if Mitt Romney turns out to be your opponent come fall. We've talked about McCain. Now we have Romney's strengths to address.Now -- (name inaudible) -- of Pasadena, California, says he views the country as a very large business. And neither one of you have ever run a business. So why should either of you be elected to be CEO of the country.
 Go ahead, Doyle.(Pause, laughter.)
 I want to switch to a different theme. (Laughter.)
 Senator Clinton, this week, as you know, Senator Obama was endorsed by Senator Ted Kennedy and Caroline Kennedy. And they both argued that the country's ready for a new generation of leaders, and they said Barack Obama, like John F. Kennedy in 1960, is that kind of leader. How do you respond to that?
 Senator?
 Senator Obama, I want you to respond but also in the context of this. A lot of Democrats remember the eight years of the Clinton administration, a period of relative peace and prosperity, and they remember it fondly. Are they right? Should they be remembering those eight years with pleasure?
 We have a follow-up question from Jeanne. Go ahead, Jeanne.CUMMINGS Well, Senator Obama mentioned the generational issue. And when we look at returns and exit polls, there is something going on there. And we've got a question along those lines from Karen Roper (sp) from Pickens, South Carolina.She asks to you, Senator Clinton, that "You have claimed your presidency would bring change to America. I'm 38 years old and I have never had an opportunity to vote in a presidential election in which a Bush or a Clinton wasn't on the ticket." (Scattered applause.) "How can you be an agent of change when we have had the same two families in the White House for the last 30 years?" (Applause.)
 All right, senators, stand by. We're going to take another quick break. We have a lot more to go through. Remember, you can go to CNNPolitics.com and you can monitor what's going on.There's a lively discussion going on at CNNPolitics.com right now.We'll take a short break. Much more of this Democratic presidential debate right after this. (Cheers, applause.) Three minutes. (Applause.)(Announcements.)(Applause.)
 We're at the Kodak Theatre here in Los Angeles. Thousands of people are outside -- Hillary Clinton supporters, Barack Obama supporters. We're continuing this presidential debate right now. The next question goes to Doyle MODERATOR.
 A question about the issue of Iraq. Senator Clinton, you've both called for a gradual withdrawal of combat troops from Iraq, but Senator Obama says he wants all combat troops out within 16 months of his Inauguration, and you haven't offered a specific end date. Why shouldn't voters worry that your position could turn into an open-ended commitment?
 But you can't make a commitment, though, that 16 months after your inauguration would be enough time?
 Go ahead.
 Senator -- Senator Clinton, that's a clear swipe at you. (Laughter.)
 We have a follow-up question on this subject from Jeanne Cummings. Go ahead, Jeanne.CUMMINGS Senator Clinton, this one is for you. Judgment has been an issue that's been raised as part of this debate about Iraq. It's been raised by Senator Obama on a number of occasions.And as this debate has gone on, more than half of the Politico readers have voted for this question, and it is, in effect, a judgment question. It comes from Howard Schumann from Pittsburgh, Maine.And he asks Before the U.S. invasion of Iraq, you could have voted for the Levin amendment, which required President Bush to report to Congress about the U.N. inspection before taking military action. Why did you vote against that amendment?
 Senator -- look, I want you to respond, Senator, but also in the context of what we've heard from General David Petraeus, that there has been some progress made lately, the number of U.S. casualties has gone down, there has been some stability in parts of Iraq where there was turmoil before, and that any quick -- overly quick -- withdrawal could undermine all of that, and all of that progress would be for naught. What do you say when you'll hear that argument?
 All right. I'm going to let Senator Clinton respond.Senator Clinton, you always say if you knew then what you know now, you wouldn't have voted like that. But why can't you just say right now that that vote was a mistake?
 So what I --
 So what I hear you saying -- and correct me if I'm wrong -- is that you were naive in trusting President Bush?
 Was she naive, Senator Obama?
 I thought you -- I thought you weren't going to --
 Senator.
 All right.We're going to take a quick break. And we're going to continue this. We have one more break to go through, a lot more coming up, including questions involving character. And remember, you can go to cnnpolitics.com and watch this online discussion that's being waged right now.We'll be right back. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 Thank you, Senator.All right, we've got another question from Jeanne. Go ahead, Jeanne.CUMMINGS Well, since we've dealt with the kids, let's deal with the spouses for a second.Senator Clinton -- (laughter) --
 This will be the last question. It'll go to both of you, to Senator Obama first.The more I speak to Democrats out there, not only to Democrats here at the Kodak Theater but all over the country, they take a look at the two of you and they see potentially a dream ticket, a dream ticket for the White House. (Cheers, applause.)
 There may have been some nasty words exchanged, or angry words or whatever. But the question is this. Would you consider an Obama-Clinton or Clinton-Obama ticket going down the road?
 So is the answer yes? Is that -- sounds like a yes, that she would be on your short list.
 All right. What about -- Senator Clinton, what do you think about a Clinton-Obama, Obama-Clinton ticket?
 That means it's a yes, right?
 All right.
 Okay. All right, senators, here's the bottom line.We do the plugs here. (Laughter.) You guys can do the plugs out on the campaign trail.That has to end our conversation this evening. I want to thank both of you for coming very much. (Applause.)
 Senator Barack Obama. Senator Hillary Clinton.Stay with CNN -- (off mike) -- 40 hours of election coverage coming up on Super Tuesday. That's next Tuesday, February 5th, beginning at 6 a.m. Eastern.And get this If the Democratic and Republican races are not decided on that important day, CNN, in conjunction with the Ohio Democratic and Republican Parties, plans to bring you another round of back-to-back presidential debates from the critical battleground state of Ohio. Look for those debates on February 27th and February 28th.We want to thank our debate partners tonight, the Los Angeles Times and Politico, along with everyone here at the Kodak Theatre and the people of Los Angeles.I'm Wolf Blitzer.
 Senator Clinton, good evening.The number-one issue for Americans of both parties is the economy, and today the news is simply not good. Markets around the world are in a tailspin because of fears of a U.S. recession. So far this year, the Dow has lost nearly 9 percent.How much money would your stimulus plan put in the pockets of the average South Carolinian?
 All right.Senator Obama?
 Do you agree with her, $650 is a good number for a tax rebate?
 Correct me if I'm wrong, Senator Edwards. Your plan does not call for a tax rebate, does it?
 But what about the stimulus package?
 But...
 I just want to be precise. What you're proposing are really long-term objectives. In terms of a short-term stimulus package, you disagree with them on an immediate tax rebate.
 I'll let both of you respond, but let me let Senator Obama respond first.
 I'll let you respond, but, Senator Clinton, I want to get back to the issue of an immediate stimulus for the economy.
 Because who knows what the markets are going to be like tomorrow and there are a lot of people out there who are suffering already. But go ahead and respond.
 All right. We're staying on topic. We're staying on this subject, but I want to ask Suzanne Malveaux to ask a question and then all of you will be able to weigh...
 All right, go ahead, respond quickly and then Suzanne.
 All right. Ten seconds, go ahead.
 All right. Suzanne Malveaux, go ahead.MALVEAUX I'd like to follow-up with Senator Obama. It was just a few days ago that Senator Clinton asserted that she was the strongest candidate when it comes to fiscal responsibility.She says that the new programs that she proposes she essentially can pay for. She says that you have failed in that regard in the tune of some $50 billion worth of new programs that you cannot account for.How do you respond to that charge?
 All right.
 OK. Thank you, Senator. Senator, we're a little off topic. I have to let Senator Obama respond, then Senator Edwards, who's going to come...
 But go ahead and respond, and then I want to get back to this issue that we're talking about, fiscal responsibility. But go ahead.
 Senator...
 Senator Edwards, let them wrap up. Then I'm going to come to you.Yes?
 Wait a minute, Senator Edwards. Hold on.There has been a specific charge leveled against Hillary Clinton, so she can respond. Then I'll bring in Senator Edwards.
 We have got a long time to go. You'll have a good opportunity.
 Hold on one second. Hold on.Senator Edwards -- Senator Edwards has been remarkably patient during this exchange. And I want him -- I don't know if you want to get involved in this, Senator Edwards.
 We're staying on the economy, but I want Joe Johns to ask another question so we can continue this dialogue.JOHNS All right. Well, Senator Edwards, let's dig a little deeper on the economic mess we're in currently.In 2006, a study from the Center for Responsible Lending found that African-Americans are something like 30 percent more likely to be sold a subprime loan than white borrowers with similar credit histories and income.The South Carolina NAACP said last month that the American dream for too many Americans, too many African-Americans is a national nightmare. The national NAACP has even filed a class-action lawsuit against 12 nationwide lenders.So the bottom-line question really is Do you believe that lenders have specifically targeted African-Americans? Is this subprime mess really also an issue of race?
 All right. I want both Senator Clinton and Senator Obama to respond.But, briefly, Senator Clinton, your proposal calls for a five-year moratorium on interest rates, 90-day moratorium on foreclosure, five year keeping those interest rates the same. Alan Greenspan suggested that we simply have to let this housing crisis exhaust itself. Trying to prevent the housing markets from going down merely prolongs the agony.Does your plan, as he would seem to be suggesting, prolong the agony?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Obama.
 I'm going to go to Suzanne...
 I'm going to go to Suzanne Malveaux in a second, but I just want to give you a chance, Senator Obama, if you want to respond. Senator Clinton made a serious allegation that you worked for a slumlord. And I wonder if you want to respond.
 (?) I know.
 (?) You can...
 Senator...
 We're going to be coming back.
 We're going to be visiting all these subjects, but I just want Senator Edwards to weigh in. Suzanne has got an excellent question coming up.Go ahead.
 We have an important issue that Suzanne wants to raise right now.Go ahead, Suzanne.MALVEAUX Thank you.I would like to raise the issue of health care.It was last June, Senator Clinton. It was the PBS forum at Howard University where you said if HIV/AIDS was the leading cause of death among white women ages 25 to 34, there would be a national outcry. Obviously, you're calling attention to the need, specific need for African-American women and their health concerns.Why is it that African-American women would be better off in your health care program?
 I want to stay on health care. Joe Johns has a follow-up question.Go ahead, Joe.JOHNS Senator Obama, we all know what universal health care is, as Senator Clinton just said, sort of the idea that everybody deserves health care. And I have not been able to sort of zero in on your position on this one question Does your plan cover the estimated 12 million or so illegal immigrants in the country?
 Senator Edwards, would your plan include the 12 million illegal immigrants? And if not, what happens if they get sick and they wind up in emergency rooms? Who's going to pay for that?
 All right.
 I'm going to give both of you 30 seconds, please.
 I promised Senator Clinton she could respond as well. Try to keep it to 30 seconds.
 I have to let Senator Obama respond.But try to be brief, 30 seconds, if possible.(LOSER) Good luck.
 Thank you, Senator.Let's move on. We have another important subject that, Joe, I want you to start off.JOHNS Senator Clinton, on the Iraq question, we're here in South Carolina. It's a big military state with a lot of military families. Last week, U.S. military commanders on the ground in Iraq said that Baghdad is now 75 percent secured. There's also important signs of political progress, including de-Baathification, which was basically long awaited. That, of course, was a big benchmark.Last week, you said the next president will, quote, "have a war to end in Iraq." In light of the new military and political progress on the ground there in Iraq, are you looking to end this war or win it?
 I'm going to let Senator Obama respond, too.But, Senator Edwards, Senator John McCain, the Republican presidential candidate, he supported the surge from the beginning. I think all three of you opposed the surge from the beginning. He says now the surge is working, there's military progress, the level of violence has gone down, and that the United States must not surrender in Iraq. It must win that war in Iraq.Why do you believe Senator McCain is wrong?
 Senator Obama?
 All right.
 Senator Clinton, do you want to respond to Senator Edwards asking you whether you're ready to commit to all combat troops being out of Iraq within a year?
 I just want to tell the presidential candidates and everyone, we're just getting started. We're going to continue. We have to take a quick, quick commercial break.When we come back, you're going to see a different set. We're all going to be seated up here. All the rules are going to go away. We're going to have an important conversation, an important -- whatever rules are left, that is. They're all going to go away and we're going to discuss the issues in this campaign.Much more of our debate here when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 We're rearranging the furniture here on the stage at Myrtle Beach in South Carolina. The Senators are getting ready for part two of this debate, which will be much more informal. There will really be no rules in this part two.We're going to go through many other substantive issues. The candidates are just getting ready to come out. They're bringing the chairs out right now. Senator Hillary Clinton, Senator Barack Obama, Senator John Edwards will be here. We'll be going through the issues.Much more of our coverage right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 Welcome back to the Democratic presidential debate. We're here in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina with three Democratic presidential candidates.
 I also want to remind all of our viewers out there in the United States and around the world they can always go to cnnpolitics.com. They can continue to watch what's going on here, get a lot more information on the positions, the substantive positions of all of these candidates. If they need more information -- you need more information, that's the place to go cnnpolitics.com.I want to begin the second part of this debate with a question for Senator Obama, and I want to refer to Congressman Charlie Rangel, one of the most powerful members, one of the most powerful members of the House of Representatives, and specifically on this Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, a day so important to all of us here in the United States.He's a supporter of Hillary Clinton and he said yesterday, and I'm quoting now, that he likes you, Senator Obama. He's very proud of your accomplishments. But he went on to say that "Black voters should not do what makes us feel good, but what's good for our great nation."And I wonder if you want to respond to that notion that it may make a lot of African-Americans feel good to vote for you, but it might not necessarily be the best thing for the United States.
 I'll move on to the next question from Suzanne unless either of you want to make a comment.Suzanne.MALVEAUX It's kind of related to Senator Edwards. I've spoken with a lot of African American voters in South Carolina this week, and a lot of them say that electing a black president, that this would change the way whites see African Americans and the way African Americans see themselves.Do you think that this is a valid consideration for voters in determining who's president?
 Let's let Senator Clinton respond, and then Senator Obama.
 Senator?
 Senator Edwards?
 Joe Johns.JOHNS Senator Obama, appreciating what you said about the media's preoccupation with race, there is...
 Let's let Senator Clinton weigh in on that.
 I'm going to let the son of the south wrap this subject up and then we'll move on to Suzanne.
 Suzanne Malveaux?MALVEAUX To Senator Clinton. In New Hampshire, you said you found your own voice, but increasingly there are people who believe that it's your husband's voice that has become too loud.MALVEAUX Congressman Clyburn earlier said today, "I think he can afford to tone it down." Is there a risk that he is overshadowing your message and your voice?
 I'm going to let both of the other senators respond. Then we'll take a quick break.Go ahead, Senator Obama.
 Senator Edwards?
 We have to take a quick break, but we have a lot more to talk about, much more of this presidential debate here in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 All right.
 All right. Suzanne has a question on faith to all of you.
 Hold...
 All right.
 All right, 30 seconds, please.
 Thank you, Senator. We are completely out of time, but we have time for one final question that I'd like to ask all three of you to respond and, if possible, within one minute or less, and it's an important question on this important day. And, Senator Edwards, let me start with you. If Dr. Martin Luther King were alive today, unfortunately, he's not, but if he were alive today, why do you think he would or why should he endorse you?
 Senator?
 Senator Clinton?
 Senators, that ends our debate. Thank you so very much. Thanks to all of you.
 As we sit here this, as may you may know, is the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday. Race was one of the issues we expected to discuss here tonight. Our sponsors expected it of us. No one, however, expected it to be quite so prominent in this race as it has been over the last 10 days.We needn't go back over all that has happened, except to say that this discussion, before it was over, involved Dr. King, President Johnson, even Sidney Poitier, several members of Congress and a prominent African-American businessman, supporting Senator Clinton, who made what seemed to be a reference to a part of Senator Obama's teenage past that the senator himself has written about in his autobiography.The question to begin with here tonight, Senator Clinton, is, how did we get here?
 Senator Obama, same question.
 And, Senator Edwards, you waded into this topic tangentially yesterday.
 The questioning continues with Tim Russert.
 In terms of accountability, Senator Obama, Senator Clinton on Sunday told me that the Obama campaign had been pushing this storyline. And true enough, your press secretary in South Carolina -- four pages of alleged comments made by the Clinton people about the issue of race. In hindsight, do you regret pushing this story?
 Do you believe this is a deliberate attempt to marginalize you as the black candidate?
 In New Hampshire your polling was much higher than the actual vote result. Do you believe in the privacy of the voting booth that people used race as an issue?
 Senator Clinton, in terms of accountability, you told me on Sunday morning, "Any time anyone has said anything that I thought was out of bounds, they're gone. I've gotten rid of them." Shortly thereafter, that same afternoon, Robert Johnson, at your event, said, quote, "When Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood that -- I won't say what he was doing, but he said it in his book" -- widely viewed as a reference to Senator Obama's "Dreams from My Father," from 1995, where he talked about his drug use as a teenager. Will you now not allow Robert Johnson to participate in any of your campaign events because of that conduct?
 Were his comments out of bounds?
 We're going to continue the questioning now with Natalie Morales.MORALES Thank you, Brian. And this is a question for Senator Edwards. It comes to us from Margaret Wells from San Diego, California.Senator, she's asking, the policy differences among the remaining candidates is so slight that we appear to be choosing on the basis of personality and life story. That being said, why should I, as a progressive woman, not resent being forced to choose between the first viable female candidate and the first viable African American candidate?
 A question for Senator Obama. You won the women's vote in Iowa, but Senator Clinton won the women's vote in New Hampshire; and there probably isn't an American alive today who hasn't heard the post-game analysis of New Hampshire, all the reasons the analysts give for Senator Clinton's victory. Senator Clinton had a moment where she became briefly emotional at a campaign appearance. But another given was at the last televised debate when you, in a comment directed to Senator Clinton, looked down and said, "You're likable enough, Hillary."That caused Frank Rich to write, on the op-ed page of The New York Times, that it was your most inhuman moment to date, and it clearly was a factor and added up. Senator Obama, do you regret the comment and comments like that today?
 And one more question about that last televised debate, Senator Edwards. Afterwards Senator Clinton said it was as if you and Senator Obama had formed a buddy system against her. Senator Clinton put out an Internet ad that was entitled "Piling On." Looking back on it, the campaign for New Hampshire, in total, do you admit that it might have looked that way?
 Tim.
 Senator Clinton --
 Senator Clinton, your husband said that Senator Obama very well could be the nominee; he could win. With that in mind, when you say that Senator Obama is raising false hopes and you refuse to say whether he's ready to be president, what are the consequences of those comments in the fall against the Republican?
 You may think you are the best prepared, but would you acknowledge that Senator Obama and Senator Edwards are both prepared to be president?
 Senator Obama, you gave an interview to The Reno Gazette-Journal, and you said we all have strengths and weaknesses. You said one of your weaknesses is, quote, "I'm not an operating officer." Do the American people want someone in the Oval Office who is an operating officer?
 You said each of you have strengths and weaknesses. I want to ask each of you quickly, your greatest strength, your greatest weakness.
 Senator Edwards? Greatest strength, greatest weakness.
 Senator Clinton?
 Senator Obama, Senator Clinton invoked your name. I'll give you a chance to respond.
 Time for the rebuttal has expired.Senator Obama, a fresh question here. It may not come as news to you that there is a lot of false information about you circulating on the Internet. We receive one e-mail in particular usually once several weeks. We've received three of them this week. This particular one alleges, among other things, that you are trying to hide the fact that you are Muslim; that you took the oath of office on the Koran and not the Bible; that you will not pledge allegiance to the flag or generally respect it.How -- how do you -- how does your campaign go on about combatting this kind of thing?
 Senator Obama, thank you.At this point, we are going to take the first of exactly three breaks in the two-hour broadcast tonight. On the other side of this break, among the topics we'll take on, the economy, when we continue from Las Vegas after this. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 We are back live in Las Vegas, Nevada with the three top candidates for the Democratic nomination for president. BrianMODERATOR with Tim Russert, Natalie Morales.We're going to continue the questioning here on the topic of the economy, and then within this portion of the broadcast we're going to try something new for this series, and that is the candidates will have two questions each to ask of their fellow candidates.So while they think about that, we will start off with the economy and a question for you, Senator Clinton. This evening on NBC Nightly News, our lead story was about the fact that Citigroup and Merrill Lynch have both gone overseas, as some put it hat in hand, looking for $20 billion in investment to stay afloat from, among other things, the government of Singapore, Korea, Japan, and the Saudi Prince al-Waleed, the man -- Rudolph Giuliani turned his money back after 9/11.This is -- strikes a lot of Americans as just plain wrong. At the end of our report, we said this may end up in Congress. What can be done? And does this strike you as fundamentally wrong, that much foreign ownership of these American flagship brands?
 Senator Edwards, I neglected to point out that one of the companies keeping these giant American banks afloat is Kuwait -- a nation, an economy arguably afloat itself today, as you know, thanks to the blood, sweat, and tears of American soldiers. What would you do as a remedy?
 Tim?Oh, Senator Obama. A rebuttal.
 Time's up, Senator.
 Senator Edwards, poor folk, middle-class folks, really feeling the pinch.
 Bankruptcies are up 40 percent in one year. Five percent of credit card debts are now delinquent. In 2001 you voted for a bankruptcy bill which was the precursor to the 2005 bankruptcy bill that became law, which made it much tougher for middle-class folks, particularly women, when they became bankrupt. Do you regret that vote?
 Senator Clinton, you voted for the same 2001 bankruptcy bill that Senator Edwards just said he was wrong about. After you did that, the Consumer Federation of America said that your reversal on that bill, voting for it, was the death knell for the opponents of the bill. Do you regret that vote?
 Senator Obama, the 2001 bankruptcy bill, the 2005 bankruptcy bill.
 Time is up, Senator. We're going to get some more e-mail questions from Natalie Morales.MORALES All right. And this one is directed to Senator Obama. It comes from a resident of Miami, Florida. "As a middle- class retiree whose primary source of income is dividends, capital gains from stock investments, what, if any, safeguards would you put in place to protect us from your proposed reversal of the Bush tax cuts on these investment vehicles?"And then if we need additional stimulation, we should look at tax rebates for middle class and working families, not for the wealthy, who have already done very well under George Bush.
 Two bits of housekeeping at this point. I've been asked to remind our candidates that we have a system of lights that they can plainly see. The yellow one starts flashing -- (laughter) -- the yellow one starts flashing when they're starting to run out of time, and the red one starts flashing when they are out of time. And another reminder that only seven feet separates us from the candidates. (Laughter.)Now to that segment we promised earlier. We asked the candidates and their campaigns to come here tonight prepared with two questions, one for each of their opposition candidates. It's not our intention that these be novelty or at all throwaway questions, but that they be real questions. And we should know right away here whether this was a good or a very bad idea. (Laughter.)Senator Edwards, I would like to start with you. A question for Senator Obama and a question for Senator Clinton.
 Sure.
 Now, I've been told in midstream here, Senator Edwards, I have to take away one of your options. We were -- we apparently told the campaigns bring one question for an opponent, which now brings us to you, Senator Clinton.
 So you get your choice on, either side.
 If I could just interrupt, here, before I give you your question -- would the other two of you join in the 2009 pledge that Senator Obama has made, concerning the withdrawal of American troops?
 Senator Edwards?
 In September, we were in New Hampshire together, and I asked the three of you if you would pledge to have all troops out of Iraq by the end of your first term.All three of you said, you will not take that pledge. I'm hearing something much different tonight.
 But you both will have a presence?
 Thirty seconds for Senator Edwards.
 Senator Obama.
 I think you are.
 Oh, no, no, no, no.
 That sounded like the start of a question to me.
 Yes, I think we've ruled it a question.
 Having come close to settling that, we're going to take another one of our breaks.When we come back, we'll get to some more domestic issues, when we continue live from Las Vegas.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back, live, in Las Vegas. We promised going into the break that we would return with a discussion on domestic issues.
 This is of a type -- and just before the break, we got onto things military. We're going to start this off with a continuation of the questioning by Tim Russert.
 Senator Clinton, I'll start with you. The volunteer Army, many believe, disproportionate in terms of poor and minority who participate in our armed forces.There's a federal statute on the books which says that, if a college or university does not provide space for military recruiters or provide a ROTC program for its students, it can lose its federal funding.Will you vigorously enforce that statute?
 Of the top 10 rated schools, Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Stanford, they do not have ROTC programs on campus.Should they?
 Senator Obama, same question.Will you vigorously enforce a statute which says colleges must allow military recruiters on campus and provide ROTC programs?
 This statute's been on the books for some time, Senator. Will you vigorously enforce the statute to cut off federal funding to the school that does not provide military recruiters and a ROTC program?
 Let's go...
 Go ahead, Senator Obama.Thirty seconds each, Senator Obama and Clinton.
 Well, I think that we have to do everything necessary to help these returning veterans get the health care and the support that they need.And this new signature wound called traumatic brain injury is something that I am really upset about, because we've only begun to recognize it and diagnose it.
 We have to, at this point, turn a bit more local.And let's talk for a moment about Yucca Mountain.As sure as there's somebody at a roulette table not far from here convinced that they're one bet away from winning it all back, every person who comes here running for president promises to end the notion of storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain.And the people of Nevada have found it's easier to promise to end it than it is to end it.Anyone willing to pledge here tonight, beginning with you Senator Obama, to kill the notion of Yucca Mountain?
 Thirty seconds each, Senators Clinton and Edwards.
 Your rebuttal to the...
 Senator Edwards?
 Tim Russert?
 I want to pick up on that.Senator Obama, a difference in this campaign You voted for the energy bill in July of 2005; Senator Clinton voted against it.That energy bill was described by numerous publications, quote, "The big winner nuclear power." The secretary of energy said this would begin a nuclear renaissance.We haven't built a nuclear power plant in this country for 30 years. There are now 17 companies that are planning to build 29 plants based on many of the protections that were provided in that bill, and incentives for licensee construction operating cost.Did you realize, when you were voting for that energy bill, that it was going to create such a renaissance of nuclear power?
 Senator Clinton?
 Senator Edwards, you say you're against nuclear power.But a reality check I talked to the folks at the MIT Energy Initiative, and they put it this way, that in 2050, the world's population is going to go from six billion to nine billion, that CO2 is going to double, that you could build a nuclear power plant one per week and it wouldn't meet the world's needs.Something must be done, and it cannot be done just with wind or solar.
 Rebuttal time to both senators, 30 seconds, please. Senator Clinton.
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Edwards, in touching on immigration here, let's go to something that a lot of people have found to be a disconnect between the Democratic Party and majorities of voters in a lot of states.What would be the problem with English as an official language, as a bedrock requirement of citizenship?
 But what about speaking the language?
 Tim Russert?
 Senator Clinton, one of your pollsters was quoted in The New Yorker magazine as saying this "The Hispanic voter has not shown a lot of willingness or affinity to support black candidates."Does that represent the view of your campaign?
 Let me ask Senator Obama. Do you believe there's a history of a decision, where Latino voters will not vote for a black candidate?
 Time is up. E-mail question, Natalie Morales.MORALES This one is to Senator Obama. This comes to us from one of our co-sponsors of tonight's debate, the 100 Black Men of America.MORALES They ask, "To what do you attribute the disproportionately high dropout of black males at every level in our educational process, and what would you do to stem the tide of black men exiting the educational system?"
 Time up.Time Tim Russert?
 We arrived in...
 Senator Edwards, 30 seconds.
 Now, Tim Russert?
 We arrived in Nevada, the headline in Nevada Appeal newspaper Nevada leads in gun deaths.
 The leading cause for death among young black men is guns -- death, homicide. Mayor Bloomberg of New York, you all know him, he and 250 mayors have started the campaign, Mayors Against Illegal Guns.Senator Clinton, when you ran for the Senate in 2000, you said that everyone who wishes to purchase a gun should have a license, and that every handgun sale or transfer should be registered in a national registry. Will you try to implement such a plan?
 But you've backed off a national licensing registration plan?
 Senator Obama, when you were in the state senate, you talked about licensing and registering gun owners. Would you do that as president?
 Senator Edwards, Democrats used to be out front for registration and licensing of guns. It now appears that there's a recognition that it's hard to win a national election with that position. Is that fair?
 Our third and final break is upon us. Our final segment of our live debate here in Las Vegas when we come back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 We're back in Los Angeles for our final segment of our live debate coverage.
 Did I...
 Las Vegas.
 All right. OK. Wow, it is a tough crowd. It is a tough crowd.And I'm up $130 from last night, which is OK. I owe the city of Las Vegas my thanks.We're back in Las Vegas tonight with our live debate coverage.Thanks for saving me on that, Tim.Question for Senator Clinton. In 2006, you railed against Karl Rove and the Republicans for playing what you called the fear card.But on the eve of the New Hampshire primary, you said this "I don't think it was by accident that al Qaeda decided to test the new prime minister, Gordon Brown, immediately. They watch our elections as closely as we do, maybe more than some of our fellow citizens do. They play our, you know, allies. They do everything they can to undermine security in the world. So let's not forget you're hiring a president, not just to do what a candidate says he or she wants to do in an election. You're hiring a president to be there when the chips were down."You were suggesting, it's been suggested that you would be a better president to deal with a possible terrorist attack than, perhaps, Senator Obama.
 Senator Obama, if you look just outside where we are tonight, they're building 40,000 new hotel rooms in this city. National security is never far from their minds in Las Vegas, either.You are fond of saying you won't use 9/11 as a kind of hook.
 Do you think some of that goes on in both parties?
 Senator Clinton, I just want to make sure, you're not suggesting that Al Qaida would test a President Obama before they'd test a President Clinton?
 Senator Edwards, on the conduct of foreign policy, after Benazir Bhutto was assassinated, you made a phone call to General Musharraf in Pakistan. He called you back quickly.Close to half the people in Pakistan believe the government of Musharraf or allies were involved in the assassination of Miss Bhutto.
 Was it appropriate for you to talk to Musharraf at that time, perhaps give him cover at a time when he needed legitimacy?
 We promised this audience we would read a particularly thoughtful e-mail. And we're going off the air in a matter of minutes, so we're going to truly enforce the time limits.Thirty seconds from all of you to answer the following from Jim Milton of California "Given the decision to run for president in the first place has to be and should be one of the most important and memorable decision-making moments any American can make, tell us when you made that decision." Senator Clinton?
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator, thank you.And, at this point, that concludes tonight's debate.MODERATOR, ABC We are back at the Dana Humanities Center at Saint Anselm College here in Manchester, New Hampshire.And I am delighted to say that the four leading Democratic presidential candidates vying for the Democratic nomination are all joining us this evening. And we have, again, drawn lots for their placement on the stage.And so let me introduce them from left to right. We have with us former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico and Senator Hillary Clinton from New York.And again, for the first 45 minutes of this debate, I will be posing questions in three rather broad categories. We'll do 15 minutes each, but with the hope that I can sort of stay out of the way to the extent possible and let the candidates discuss the issues among themselves.There are no lights to limit -- time limits, at least for this part of the debate. But I will interrupt politely, I hope, if things seem to be going a little bit long.So let me start with what is generally agreed to be, I think, the greatest threat to the United States today, and, somewhat to my surprise, has not been discussed as much in the presidential debates this year as I thought would be, and that is nuclear terrorism.And for some background, here's ABC's Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross.BRIAN ROSS, ABC CHIEF INVESTIGATIVE CORRESPONDENT After more than six years of trying, the United States still does not have a reliable way to spot nuclear material that terrorists might smuggle into the country, much as ABC News twice did in demonstrations without being caught.And after six years of trying, the United States has yet to capture the man who says it is his religious duty to get nuclear weapons Osama bin Laden.And in the last 18 months, U.S. officials say his Al Qaida has regrouped using safe havens along the Pakistani border to train and dispatch hundreds of new recruits.ROSS And just as troubling, amidst all the turmoil in Pakistan, the influence of bin Laden continues to grow there, a country with many nuclear weapons.Charlie?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Brian Ross there.Well, Osama bin Laden, as he pointed out, has said it is his duty to try to get nuclear weapons. Al Qaida has been reconstituted and re-energized in the western part of Pakistan.And so my general question is, how aggressively would you go after Al Qaida leadership there?And let me start with you, Senator Obama, because it was you who said in your foreign policy speech that you would go into western Pakistan if you had actionable intelligence to go after it, whether or not the Pakistani government agreed. Do you stand by that?
 I'm going to go the others in a moment, but what you just outlined is essentially the Bush doctrine. We can attack if we want to, no matter the sovereignty of the Pakistanis.
 Senator Edwards, do you agree with him?
 Well, you led me right up to the point of what you'd do if the Islamic radicals actually took control of the Pakistani government and, therefore, were in control of nuclear weapons, and then you went away from that. But I'll come back to that in a moment.Governor Richardson?
 Ask him to step aside?
 I understand your point about diplomacy, but Senator Obama's postulate was, we have actionable intelligence, the Musharraf government won't move. Do we, should we go into western Pakistan and, essentially, try to take him out?
 Senator Clinton?
 I want to...
 I want to go to another question. And it really is the central one in my mind in nuclear terrorism. The next president of the United States may have to deal with a nuclear attack on an American city.
 I've read a lot about this in recent days. The best nuclear experts in the world say there's a 30 percent chance in the next 10 years.Some estimates are higher. Graham Allison (ph), at Harvard, says it's over 50 percent.Senator Sam Nunn, in 2005, who knows a lot about this, posed two questions that stick in my mind. And I want to put them to you here.On the day after a nuclear weapon goes off in an American city, what would we wish we had done to prevent it? And what will we actually do on the day after?Senator?
 Let me come to the two Sam Nunn questions to you, Senator.
 And I know, Senator Clinton, you've worked on this, as well.
 But in terms of retaliation, this is not likely going to be a state that sets off a nuclear attack (inaudible), it's going to be a stateless group.
 Final word, Governor?
 I'm going to...
 I'm going to move on.
 I'm going to move on.And I'm going to move on to domestic policy, how much the government is spending, how much you would spend with the programs you've proposed and the promises you've made.
 And some of that is entitlements. For a little background, ABC's Betsy Stark.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ABC BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT BETSY STARK Every hour of this new year, another 400 baby boomers will turn 60, swelling the ranks of those soon eligible to collect Social Security and Medicare. The forecasts are foreboding. By 2017, the Social Security surplus runs dry and the system begins taking in less tax revenue than it pays out in benefits.For Medicare, the problems are even more severe. By 2013, the program's Hospital Insurance Fund is expected to fall into the red and the insurance premiums seniors pay for doctor's visits and prescription drugs are projected to keep rising.(END VIDEO CLIP)STARK Many young Americans simply assume there will be nothing left for them to guarantee the security of their old age.Charlie?
 So I hope we have time to get to some of that, but before we get to it, talking about domestic policy, I want to get to the concept of change, because 60 percent of the people going into the Democratic caucuses in Iowa said they were going to go there for change, and that seemed to redound to your benefit, Senator Obama.
 And arriving here in New Hampshire, Senator Clinton, you called into question, really, what that means.And you said, and I'm quoting you now, On a lot of issues, it's hard to know where he, referring to Senator Obama, stands. And people need to ask that. Everybody needs to be vetted.So let me have a little dialogue between the two of you.What does he need to be vetted on? And what questions are there about Senator Obama that are unanswered?
 Senator Obama?
 You've been very patient.
 With apologies to Governor Richardson, I think (inaudible).
 Let me -- I'll let you respond. Let me -- in all fairness to Governor Richardson.
 I'm going to go to Senator Edwards and then Senator Obama, then we'll move on.
 We'll get -- we'll get to the commercials later.
 Final words, Senator.
 I'm going to move on to our third subject before I run out of time. And I want to turn to Iraq.We started the surge early this year. You all opposed it. But there are real signs it has worked. So from background, our man in Baghdad for ABC, Terry McCarthy.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)TERRY MCCARTHY, ABC BAGHDAD CORRESPONDENT It has been a tough 12 months in Iraq, with more U.S. troops killed than in any previous year of the war. But overall, the addition of an extra 30,000 troops has helped to reduce violence substantially. Civilian killings are down 65 percent in the last six months. U.S. deaths are down from 126 in May to 23 in December.General Petraeus has repeatedly said the solution in Iraq must be political, not military. So far, political progress has been frustratingly slow.But a year ago, many Americans, and the Iraqis, too, thought the country was a lost cause. Today, with improved security, life is returning to the streets of Baghdad.Nobody yet says the war is over. But Iraqis are finally able to hope that things might be getting better.Charlie?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 So, I want to ask all of you Are any of you ready to say that the surge has worked?And Senator Clinton, let me start with you, because when General Petraeus was in Washington in September, you said it would take a willful suspension of disbelief to think that the surge could do any good.
 I'm going to take this to Senator Obama and to Senator Edwards.But -- and I'm not here to debate -- the parliament meets, an oil law is under consideration, de-Baathification has progressed to some extent, and were it not for the surge, instead of counting votes, we'd be counting bodies in the streets.
 And all of you -- all of you wanted the troops out last year.
 Would you have seen this kind of greater security in Iraq if we had followed your recommendations to pull the troops out last year, Senator Obama?
 I'm going to go to Senator Edwards. But all of you serve in Congress or did serve in Congress. You know how slow legislatures can move; you've all experienced it in the United States Congress.But, Senator Edwards, let me go to you. Some of you -- Governor Richardson, Senator Obama -- you have talked about a timetable for withdrawal, getting all troops out by the end of 2009, 2010. If the generals in Iraq came to you as President Edwards and said, Mr. President -- on January 21, 2009 -- you're wrong, you can't do this. You're going to send Iraq back into the kind of chaos we had before, are you going to stick with it?
 I've got one minute left, and I owe each of you 30 seconds.
 I owed you 30 seconds. Now, you owe me 45, but that's...
 Senator Clinton?
 All right. Let me thank all of you. We're going to take a commercial break, three minutes. I'm going to bring Scott Spradling from WMUR up here, and we'll continue with some questions.The Democratic debate from Manchester, New Hampshire, continues.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)I am joined, for the last half of this debate, as I was for the Republican debate, by the political director here in Manchester, New Hampshire, Scott Spradling.And I appreciate all of you, again, being with us. It's good to have the four leading Democratic candidates with us. Just to reintroduce them, Senator John Edwards -- former Senator John Edwards, Senator Barack Obama, Governor Bill Richardson, Senator Hillary Clinton.Scott?
 How did the Redskins do?
 Did that hurt your feelings, too?
 I'm going to go to Senator Edwards for just a moment.You answered the first part of my question about executive training. You didn't talk about whether relative youth is a detriment.
 When I asked you the question, I said, is prior executive experience a key requirement for being president and is relative youth a detriment?
 Senator Edwards?
 The prior executive experience. And is relative youth a detriment?
 They can now buy food for members of Congress if the members of Congress are standing up. That's my understanding of what the rules have changed. You can't sit down and eat, but you can stand up and eat. Tell me why that's change.
 They can have huge parties for you as long as you're standing up.
 I'll come to all of you.I didn't want to get into this, but I've covered Washington for a long time. And I know President Clinton came to Washington talking about change. President Bush came to Washington talking about change.So many people in the administrations and in Congress say Washington is set up to resist change...
 And God love all of you for making this argument.(CROSSTALK)(CROSSTALK)
 I'm going to go Senator Obama, and I'll come to you.
 I'll hold you to it.(CROSSTALK)
 All right. Let me turn to something else.Reversing -- you invoked the name of Al Gore a few moments ago -- reversing or slowing global warming is going to take sacrifice.
 I'm sort of sorry Chris Dodd isn't here because he's talked a lot about a carbon tax in this election. Al Gore favors a carbon tax.None of you have favored a carbon tax. Is it a bad idea, or is it just so politically unpalatable that you guys don't want to propose it?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Edwards, I will take this question to you.But you raised the issue of the economy right now. And we have a housing crisis in this country.
 We have an energy problem -- in the cost of energy. And we now have a jobs problem.We have, when we are -- and you raised R word, recession -- when we are approaching recession, it is consumers who have spent us out of recession in most cases.You're all talking about letting some of the Bush tax cuts lapse. And yet...
 If you take a family of two professors, here at Saint Anselm, they're going to be in the $200,000 category that you're talking about lifting the taxes on.
 And...(CROSSTALK)
 Two public school teachers in New York?But that is -- you're in a situation where you're taking money out of the economy, is what I'm saying.
 Go ahead.
 Well, I shouldn't have done that, apparently.
 Senator Obama?
 We have just a couple of minutes left. And it's been a very interesting evening, I would say. And I've been fascinated. I hope people who have watched have been, as well.There have been an awful lot of debates. I think is debate 681. You guys may have counted. I've lost.
 Tell me one thing you've said in those debates that you wish you hadn't said. And it's your chance to take...
 ... and it's your chance to take it back.
 Sure.
 I will let you off on specificity of take-backs...
 ... since we're running out of time.Governor Richardson?
 Senator Edwards, I'll go to you, just with the passing comment that you haven't talked about Mrs. Clinton's attire recently.
 And Senator Obama?
 I want to thank all four of you for being here. And I want to thank the six Republicans who preceded you.No matter who people across the country are supporting, whether it's in this party or the other, we wish all of you well and we thank you for being here. All the best.
 Hello. I'm Carolyn Washburn, editor of the Des Moines Register. And welcome to day two of our Des Moines Register debates.Today we're going to talk with six Democratic candidates for president of the United States. These candidates have spent a lot of time together on stage in debates and forums. They have spent months in Iowa, and Iowans have had a lot of opportunity to ask them questions and look them in the eye.Still, half Iowa Democrats who say they're likely to caucus also say they may still change their minds.So as we wrestle our way down to these last 21 days, we looked at the issues not getting a lot of attention and issues Iowans said they wanted to know more about. And that is where we're going to focus most of our time today.First, let's welcome our candidates Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, Senator Joe Biden of Delaware, Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico, Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut, former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina and Senator Hillary Clinton of New York.Thank you all for being here today.The rules are simple. I'll ask the questions and let you know how much time you have to answer.
 There are timing lights. You'll see a yellow light when you have 10 seconds left, and the red light means it's time to stop.I'll try not to be a Scrooge about it, since it's the season, but I will ask you to respect the time so we don't have to shorten up answers down the line and there's plenty of time for conversation. We have lots of candidates and lots of ground to cover.I will offer up to 30 seconds of rebuttal time to any candidate criticized by name, and I'll include other candidates who indicate they want to jump in, as long as we have time.We'll explain everything else as we go along, so let's get to it.We're going to start with a discussion about the financial situation facing our country, the single biggest issue Iowans of both parties said they wanted you to talk more about.
 Would it be a priority of your administration to balance the federal budget every year? If yes, how? If no, why not?Senator Obama, I'd like you to start us off. You'll have one minute.BARACK OBAMA, D-ILL. Over the last seven years, what we've seen is an economy that's out of balance because of the policies of George Bush and the Republicans in Congress.Not only do we have fiscal problems, but we've got growing inequality. And so people are working harder for less and they're seeing costs from everything from college education to health care to gas at the pump go up.So what I want to do is get the long-term fundamentals right. That means that we are investing in education, we're investing in infrastructure, we're getting our trade deals structured so that they're fair, and that we are also ending the war in Iraq where we're spending $10 billion to $12 billion a month. That is money that can be applied back here at home for critical issues.Now, the fact is that we're not going to be able to do this unless we're able to overcome some of the special interests that have clogged up the system and created trillions of dollars worth of tax loopholes and tax breaks.
 And so, just so I'm clear, a priority to balance the federal budget, or not necessarily?
 Governor Richardson, you wanted to jump in? BILL RICHARDSON, D-N.M. Well, as a governor, I have to, by law, balance budgets. I've balanced five. And it would be a major priority of mine.And this is what I would do as president. We have to balance the budget. I would advocate for line-item veto authority for the president, a constitutional amendment to balance the budget.There's $73 billion in corporate welfare that needs to be eliminated. I think we all have to sacrifice, the Congress, too, and that means eliminating congressional earmarks. That means, also, having pay-as-you-go policies in our budget that, if somebody thinks of a new program or is going to cut a tax, we've got to make sure that it's paid for.But most importantly, I believe it's -- balancing the budget should be viewed as an opportunity to have economic growth in this country.
 Senator Biden?JOSEPH R. BIDEN JR., D-DEL. I think it's pretty straightforward. And it's not a -- you don't have to make a choice of balancing the budget and/or leading with the priorities that most of us feel strongly about, from health care, to education, to the environment.And I'll just put it in real stark terms It's about priorities -- I apologize for my cold. It's about priorities.Just by eliminating the war, eliminating the $200 billion in tax cuts that aren't needed for -- goes to the top one percent, if you add it all up, and by cutting somewhere in the order of $20 billion a year out of the military for special programs, from star wars, to a new atomic weapon, to the F-22, to the Nimitz-Class Destroyer, you can save $350 billion.That would allow me to do everything I want to do -- my priorities on education, health care and the environment -- and still bring down the deficit by $150 billion.It would cost less than half -- so, the Republicans are trying to sucker us into this, "You either have to balance the budget and do nothing to make people's lives better, or you're going to balloon the deficit."
 We're just going to go down the line with this one.Senator Dodd?
 Senator Edwards, we have 30 seconds for these rebuttals.FORMER JOHN EDWARDS, D-N.C. OK. Thank you very much.Well, first of all, what we have to do is get rid of the structural deficiencies in the American economy. And we have to create jobs, protect American jobs. We have to strengthen and grow the middle class, which is struggling mightily in this country today.And one of the reasons that we've lost jobs, we're having trouble creating jobs, we're having trouble growing and strengthening the middle class is because corporate power and greed have literally taken over the government.And we need a president who's will to take these powers on. It is the only way we're going to strengthen and grow the middle class, have universal health care, have a trade policy that actually works for American workers, have a tax policy that's not favoring big multinational corporations, but instead favors the middle class and working people.HILLARY RODMODERATORLOSER, D-N.Y. Well, fiscal responsibility is a very high priority for me. We don't have to go back very far in our history, in fact just to the 1990s, to see what happens when we do have a fiscally responsible budget that does use rules of discipline to make sure that we're not cutting taxes or spending more than we can afford.
 So let me follow up on this, and I'll start with Governor Richardson. And this will be a 60-second answer.When are tax increases necessary and appropriate, then? And given the current deficit, which of your priorities would be worth asking Americans to pay more for?
 Thank you.Senator Edwards?
 Senator Clinton? Thirty seconds.
 I want to go back to a question. You all campaign on fairly significant new programs in education, health care and the like, that will cost billions of dollars.At the same time, many of you have said that even if we start pulling troops out of Iraq now, it will take some time to do that in a safe and orderly way.So if we assume that we'll continue to have some military expenses in Iraq for many months, how will you pay for your new ideas in the short term?Senator Biden?
 Senator Obama?
 I'm going to ask Governor Richardson and Senator Dodd to answer this, 30 seconds, and then I think we'll move to another question.Governor Richardson?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator Dodd?
 Thank you.This question will go first to Governor Richardson, for 60 seconds.China is often called the United States' banker, because it holds so much of the federal debt. Given that, how should we manage our complicated relationship with China differently than we are now?
 Thank you.Senator Dodd?
 Thank you.Senator Clinton, is too much of the federal budget going to entitlements -- too much of the federal budget? I mean, if so, how do we change entitlements for their future so we keep the promises made to Americans living today? And if it's not a problem in your view, tell us why not.One minute, please.
 Thank you.Senator Biden, would you answer that, too, for one minute?
 I'm going to let Senator Obama and Governor Richardson answer this. Thirty seconds please, and then we need to move on.
 Thank you.
 Governor?
 Thank you, Governor.Periodically throughout the debate today we're going to give each of the candidates 30 seconds to make a free open statement. The campaigns drew for the order of these statements, and we're going to hear from the first two candidates now, Senator Obama and then Senator Edwards.
 Thank you.Senator Edwards?
 Thank you.
 We all knew what you meant.
 Well, I want to come back to some other issues affecting the American economy. You'll have 45 seconds to answer these.Some of our big trading partners commit human rights violations. Considering that poverty and abuse are also often blamed for fostering terrorism, how should we alter trading policies with these countries?Senator Biden?
 Governor Richardson?
 Senator Dodd?
 I feel like I still owe Senator Edwards some time here in the mix here, so, if you want to take this on, and then I think we're going to move on and the rest of you will have a chance here in a couple minutes.
 And so, a logical question -- Senator Clinton, I'd like you to answer this -- should NAFTA be scrapped or changed?
 Senator Obama, what do you think about that?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Now, let's hear free statements from the next two candidates, Senator Biden and then Governor Richardson. You have 30 seconds.
 Governor?
 Thank you.I want to take on a new issue.Most of you have laid out plans to move toward energy independence. Those plans have cost attached and potential negative impacts, at least in the short-term.For example, maybe more expensive cars, more expensive feed for livestock, impacts on coal-producing states.So what would you do to turn it into a net benefit for the American economy, and how long might that take?Senator Biden?
 Governor Richardson?
 Senator Dodd, can you try that in 30 seconds?
 Senator Clinton?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Edwards, you're the only one not in on this so far. Your turn.
 Thank you.
 I wasn't...
 I wasn't doing that today.
 The Senate, on Tuesday -- I'll ask you to raise your hands on this, how about that?Not really, but you'll have a minute to talk about this. The Senate, on Tuesday, rejected a proposal to replace traditional subsidies for certain crops and shift to the money to conservation and nutrition and biofuels programs.
 It would have replaced the subsidies with an insurance program tied to farm revenues.Senators, none of you were there for the vote. How would you have voted and why?You have one minute, starting with Senator Dodd.
 Senator Obama?
 So would you have voted for or against the proposal Tuesday?
 Senator Biden?
 Senator Clinton, how would you have voted?
 I'm going to save that question for the senators in the room and we're going to move on, I'm afraid.I want to have the last two 30-second candidate statements. The next two Senator Clinton first and then Senator Dodd.
 Thank you.Senator Dodd?
 Thank you.I want to move to another topic that affects Americans' ability to compete in a global economy, and that's education.
 Please describe the key features of what you consider to be the best education system in the world. And tell us your goals and timetable for making U.S. schools among the best.Senator Edwards? One minute.
 Thank you.Governor Richardson?
 Governor, I do have to ask a follow-up question, and that is, what -- how should people look at the education in your state and where education ranks in your state and interpret from that what changes you would make in America?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator Obama?
 Senator Dodd, 30 seconds please.
 Senator Clinton, you wanted in on that?
 Senator Edwards, 30 seconds.
 OK. I mistook you for raising your hand again, so that was extra time.Senator Biden?
 Thank you.In light of the big needs and the financial realities we've talked about up to this point, what realistically do you believe you could accomplish in your first year as president?We're going to go down the line. I'll ask you to each keep this to 30 seconds.Senator Obama?
 Thank you.Senator Biden, 30 seconds.
 Thank you.Governor?
 Thank you.
 Thank you. That was longer than Senator Biden's answer.Senator Dodd?
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Edwards?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator Clinton?
 Thank you.We're going to shift gears a bit. Voters have told us that character and leadership qualities matter as much or more than many issues. The next set of questions is entirely about character and leadership, and you'll have a minute to answer.Senator Clinton, during your time as first lady, there were criticisms that your process to develop your health care plan was too closed and secretive. Some Iowans we hear from are worried that your presidency would operate the same way.As president, how would you ensure that your administration doesn't hold -- withhold information from the public even if it gave ammunition to your critics?
 Thank you.Senator Biden, you in your campaign have had a number of occasions to correct or clarify things you've said relating to race, including your remarks about Senator Obama being, quote, "clean and articulate"; your comment about Indians working a 7-Eleven; and recently to The Washington Post, in which you spoke about race, while describing disparities between schools in Washington, D.C., and Iowa.
 Do these gaffes or misunderstandings or however you would characterize them indicate you're uncomfortable talking about race or are people just being too sensitive?
 Senator Obama?
 Thank you.Senator Edwards, you've talked about reducing the power of wealth and special interests, the same groups often responsible for getting things done in Washington, too.How will you accomplish your agenda after spending a lot of months calling these groups corrupt?
 Thank you.Senator Dodd, you write in your book that you still struggle with the memories of when your father, former Senator Thomas Dodd, was censured by the Senate in 1967 for alleged misuse of campaign money.
 How much are you motivated in your run for president by a desire to restore the Dodd family name that was hurt by the censure?
 Thank you.Governor Richardson, you promote your experience as energy secretary among your credentials. During that time, though, there were serious questions about lax security at the country's national labs, allegations that scientist Wen Ho Lee breached security at Los Alamos.You told Tim Russert in May, "We had some issues with the nuclear secrets issue and Wen Ho Lee, but I think on the whole I was a good energy secretary."In this era when Americans are fearful about our national security, talk about that part of your resume.
 Thank you.Senator Obama, you have Bill Clinton's former national security advisor, State Department policy director and Navy secretary, among others, advising you.
 With relatively little foreign policy experience of your own, how will you rely on so many Clinton advisors and still deliver the kind of break from the past that you're promising voters?
 Thank you.Time is getting a little short now, so the answers to these questions will need to be 30 seconds or less.As president, would you use signing statements to assert that certain acts of Congress conflict with your interpretation of the Constitution and your obligation to enforce those laws?
 Senator Clinton, 30 seconds.
 Senator Edwards, thirty seconds on that.
 Thank you.Well, we're all about to get the hook, so I'm going to get us down to the end. Tell us your new year's resolution for 2008.We're going to start with Senator Clinton and just go down the line.
 And you have 30 seconds.
 Thank you.Senator Edwards?
 Senator Dodd?
 Governor?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator Biden?
 OK. Senator Obama?
 Thank you.We're going to have one last question before we close, and we'll go back down the line.You all have spent a extraordinary time in Iowa, and there is a lot of debate about Iowa's role in this process. What are the lessons from Iowa?Twenty seconds.Senator Clinton?
 Twenty seconds, Senator Edwards.
 Senator Dodd?
 Thank you.Governor?
 Senator Biden.
 Senator Obama?
 Thank you.And that wraps us up.You can find out more about this debate and yesterday's very exciting Republican debate at PBS.org and DesMoinesRegister.com.I want to thank all of the candidates for being here, as well as our broadcast partner, Iowa Public Television, the studio audience, and everyone at home.Happy holidays, everyone.
 The new national intelligence estimate contains a major change. It says that Iran stopped its nuclear weapons program in the fall of 2003.Today President Bush said that nothing's changed in light of the report. He said the NIE, the national intelligence estimate, doesn't do anything to change his opinion about the danger Iran poses to the world.For all of you -- and let's go left to right across the radio dial -- do you agree with the president's assessment that Iran still poses a threat? And do you agree that the NIE's news shows that isolation and sanctions work?Senator Clinton?
 Thank you, Senator Clinton.Former Senator Mike Gravel?
 Thank you, Senator Gravel.Senator Barack Obama?
 Senator Chris Dodd?
 Thank you, Senator Dodd.Senator Joseph Biden?
 Thank you, Senator Biden.
 Senator John Edwards?
 Thank you, Senator Edwards.Congressman Kucinich?
 Thank you, Congressional Kucinich.
 Senator Clinton, as some of your opponents have noted, in September, you voted on a resolution involving the Iranian Revolutionary Guard which, among other things, called them proliferators of mass destruction.In view of this latest intelligence estimate which says Iran's nuclear program was stopped in 2003, do you believe that's still true?
 Forgive me, are the Revolutionary Guards proliferators of mass destruction?
 Let's hear from the people you've just mentioned.Senator Edwards, you remember saying that?
 But your remarks in Israel that Senator...
 Congressman Kucinich does not, but...(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Obama, we're going to have to take a break here. And we'll continue with our debate. We'll continue discussing Iran in just one minute.
 Welcome back to the NPR news debate. We're with the Democrats in Des Moines, Iowa.
 We're discussing Iran, the lessons learned from the war in Iraq.A moment ago, when Congressman Kucinich objected to -- or interrupted the statement from Senator Edwards that everybody agrees Iran is a threat, you say, Congressman Kucinich, I misinterpreted your earlier remarks that Iran is not a threat.
 Yes.
 OK. Fair enough.
 Clarified.Senator Chris Dodd, are all options on the table, or should they be on the table?
 You're talking about the vote on the Kyl-Lieberman resolution -- amendment.
 Thank you, Senator Dodd.(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Clinton, you voted for it, Senator Clinton.
 I want you to hear what one of the sponsors of that resolution, Senator Joseph Lieberman, said about Iran and about the Revolutionary Guard, explaining that resolution when he spoke one month ago on All Things Considered.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)JOSEPH I. LIEBERMAN, I-CONN. Iran has crossed a red line. I mean, they are responsible for the killing of hundreds of American soldiers. And right now all that we, the United States, has done is to tell them -- show them the evidence that we have that they're doing it and tell them they've got to stop and they haven't.So, now we have economic sanctions.If that doesn't work, we really have to consider military action to stop them from doing it, perhaps by striking the bases around Tehran where we know they are training these Iraqi terrorists who go back to kill Americans.
 Senator Edwards, why not?
 Senator Clinton, your reply? And then we'll hear from Senator Gravel.
 We'll have a response from Senator Clinton and then Mike Gravel.
 Mike Gravel, then Joe Biden.
 You -- you believe...
 We'll come back to your points in a moment. Senator Biden, you wanted to talk about the Al Quds brigade?
 Thank you.
 Senator Barack Obama?
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Clinton, and then another question.
 Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, thrives on anti-Americanism. One of our listeners, Ray Conrad, from Keosauqua, Iowa, who, incidentally, has made campaign contributions to Senator Edwards and also to Senator Biden, sent us a question about that.And he put it this way Clearly, many Muslims hate the U.S. enough to want to do us grievous harm. Would you speculate on the reasons for their hatred of us?Senator Biden, why?
 Take military off the table, you would say.
 Let me put this to Senator Edwards first, and then others.When we do things that policymakers in Washington may think are rational, like very strong support of Israel, that also upsets a lot of those 1 billion Muslims you've described.How would you, Senator Edwards, how would you as president, Senator Edwards, answer the complaint that the U.S., in its support of Israel, is so pro-Israeli it can't be an evenhanded, honest broker of matters and is anti-Muslim?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Christopher Dodd?
 Last word on this topic from Dennis Kucinich.
 Well, this question comes from a listener. It's a political science professor, Chris Pence of Marion, Indiana.QUESTION American diplomatic history books recount the Monroe Doctrine, the Truman Doctrine and will likely discuss the Bush doctrine. When future historians write of your administration's foreign policy pursuits, what will be noted as your doctrine and the vision you cast for U.S. diplomatic relations?
 Time for a couple of you at least.Senator Clinton, what do you think the Clinton doctrine will be?
 Thank you, Senator Clinton.The Edwards doctrine?
 And, Senator Biden, the Biden doctrine?
 Senator Obama, the short version of the Obama doctrine?
 And we will continue our debate from Des Moines in just a minute.
 We're broadcasting from Des Moines, Iowa. And in this part of the debate, we're going to focus on a changing China and its effects here at home.
 We'll talk about the economic power of China and what it means for U.S. consumers, U.S. workers, and the American financial system.We'll also hear about the strategic challenges China presents, its huge military buildup, its enormous appetite for natural resources, its environmental record. And we'll also cover human rights, we hope, and China's growing influence in the world.
 And that's where we'd like to start. And I'd like to pose a question to many of you.Given China's size, its muscular manufacturing capabilities, its military buildup, at this point -- and also including its large trade deficit -- at this point, who has more leverage, China or the U.S.?And I'm going to begin with you, Senator Edwards.
 Who has more leverage?
 All right, we'll get to that question of product safety in just a minute.First, Senator Obama.
 I heard you say less leverage. Who has more leverage at this point?
 Representative Kucinich?
 Senator Clinton, do we need them more than they need us?
 It's the holiday season, and many Americans are heading to the stores. And many of the products that they're going to find on the shelves have a Made in China label.We've talked to Iowans about China. And there's one listener in particular, his name is Don Frummelt (ph). He said that consumers and politicians both have a somewhat schizophrenic relationship when it comes to China.
 Let's listen to what he had to say.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)QUESTION You can't have it both ways. And I think we need candidates who are willing to bite the bullet. And if you're going to see our balance of trade is upside down with China, there's one way to fix it. Put on some kind of a tariff and prevent the American people from buying $300 TVs instead of $600 TVs.(END AUDIO CLIP)
 Senator Biden, how would...
 Would you actually restrict trade with China?And given the WTO guidelines, could you actually do that?
 No, this listener called for tariffs. Are you willing to go there?
 Thank you.Senator Dodd?
 Now, my collage Steve has a question. But first, before we get there, I just want to follow up on something that Mr. Frummelt (ph) said. He said he wants a president who's going to level the playing field.Senator Obama, what would you do in order to give the U.S. more leverage to be able to deal with China at least as an equal partner? And are you willing to do that despite the consequences, even if it means that consumers have to kiss those $300 television goodbye?
 But what would you do to level the playing field?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Edwards?
 So what would you do to stand up to U.S. manufacturers?
 But we also know that China can easily get around that. They can sometimes use the Made in Hong Kong label instead of the Made in China label.
 Steve, indulge me for just a minute. Your patience for just a minute.
 Sure. Go right ahead.
 I'm just curious. You mentioned these Chinese toys, Senator Edwards. You have two small children.
 Will you be buying toys that are made in China to place under the Christmas tree this year?
 It's difficult to do that, because, you know, 70 percent of the goods and most of the toys that you find at the local Wal-Mart (NYSEWMT) are made in China.
 Senator Obama, and then Senator Gravel.Senator Obama first on this issue of Chinese toys.
 Senator Gravel, and then Steve has a question.
 Senator Gravel, thank you.
 Thank you.
 I just want to wrap up Dan Frummelt's (ph) trade-off that he discussed, the $300 TVs versus the $600 TVs.Is any of you willing to state frankly that, if you do what you're talking about, getting tough on the currency, cracking down on what Senator Dodd called slave labor, taking other steps, that Americans are going to pay more for consumer goods at Wal-Mart (NYSEWMT) and you believe it's worth it?Is anyone willing to state frankly that that is the trade-off?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Senator Obama, is that the trade-off that people will have to pay higher prices if we do what we propose, and that's worth it in your view?
 Now listen, just quickly, I want to bring another listen into this, because we did get some questions from the listeners. And I want to hear from Karen Zuech (ph). She is a listener. She is also mother. So let's take a quick listen.QUESTION As the mom of 1-year-old son, I am very concerned about the toxic chemicals that lace many toys and others products sold in America. These chemical agents cause cancer, birth defects and genetic damage.Unlike the European Union, the U.S. does nothing to limit the use of these agents, and does not require that the toxic ingredients are listed.If you are elected president, what changes will you make to ensure that my son will grow up free from these frightening dangers?
 Karen Zuech (ph) there. She's from Santa Cruz, California. She's pointing out that the European Union has stricter standards. But if you look at the Chinese recalls in this country, they still represent fewer than one one-hundredth of all of the toys and products that come into this country.Is it possible that the U.S. could overreact to this? I'm posing this to Senator Clinton. What's the danger of that?
 We only have just a few -- a very short time, Senator Dodd, but I just want to ask you, because you've served in the Senate for some time, given the concerns about currency manipulation, product recalls, is there any vote that you would look back at and think, You know, I really wish I could reconsider that ?
 OK. We're going to have to leave this part of our discussion right there. We'll take a break for just a few minutes, then we will continue with the second hour of our Democratic presidential debate from Des Moines.This is special coverage from NPR News. (BREAK)
 Every modern president as faced a delicate balancing act with China.And this is how one listener, Pen Pen Wong (ph), of Venice, California, put it.Let's listen.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)QUESTION Many presidential candidates have talked tough about China and its human rights record in the past but, in the end, favor secure our economic interests, rather than risk upsetting China by substantively talking about the human rights issue.China is given a free pass to go at her own pace.How would you balance human rights and trade with China?(END AUDIO CLIP)
 Senator Biden, I'd like to begin with you. What kind of human rights commitment should the U.S. try to exact from China, particularly in advance of the 2008 Olympics, and how do you ensure that the country would actually live up to those commitments?
 So, Senator Biden, are you saying that would call them on the carpet, that you would...
 ... appoint a U.N. ambassador who would press for this?
 A Hobson's choice is how Senator Biden characterized this.Senator Clinton, what kind of commitment should we try to exact from China?
 Just a quick follow When you traveled to China and then when you returned to the White House, did you advise your husband on Chinese foreign policy or on foreign policy in regard to any other countries that you traveled to?And, conversely, if you were elected president, would he advise you?
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Edwards, with all this tough talk about China, how do you actually hold them accountable?
 Robert has a question, but just quickly, I just heard you say that America has enormous leverage. My first question when we began this discussion on China, you said that America did not have enough leverage.
 So diminished, but significant.QUESTION Senator, there's an implication to what you just said. The textile -- that the United States become once again a major power in textile production, and industry we associate with low-wage emerging economies.Isn't it fair to think that, no matter what our relationship with China, obviously poorer countries are going to be producing a lot of textiles in mills around the world; it's just not what our economy should be specializing in at this time?
 Thank you, very much. Senator Obama, I just want to return to the question of currency manipulation.You had said that if China is actually manipulating their currency, this country needs to take them to the mat. What, exactly, did you mean by that?
 Senator Obama, thank you.Senator Biden, very quickly.
 Do you think it's an analogous situation?
 I just want to turn to something that Senator Clinton said. You said that China reacts if they are pressed.So would we believe that -- should we believe that the relationship, the U.S. relationship with China, under a Hillary Clinton administration, would be less one of cooperation and engagement and one more akin to confrontation?
 Thank you. That's where we're going to have to end our discussion of China. We could have gone on, but thanks to all the candidates.We'll continue in just a minute with our Democratic presidential debate.
 The other day, an Iowa voter advised us of a big campaign issue. He called it the M word -- M-igration.The so-called M word is our next topic.
 Candidates, we have just been doing some reporting in the last few days from Marshalltown, Iowa, a city that I know many of you have visited. This is a city with a lot of immigrants, a number of illegal immigrants. There have been immigration raids there. And that raises questions about citizens in places like that all over America. Some citizens in Marshalltown turn in illegal immigrants; some take them in. There's actually a person who's been indicted for sheltering immigrants, which raises a question that I'd like to put to you.What obligations do American citizens have when it comes to illegal immigrants?And let's start with Senator Obama.Would you expect Americans, if you're president, January 2009, immigration reform, whatever you want hasn't happened yet, would you expect Americans to turn in illegal immigrants when they come across?
 So does that mean that Americans should not turn in illegal immigrants?
 I'm going to get to several candidates on this.Senator Dodd, let's say that you're hiring a nanny. Perhaps you've had this experience.
 Well, let's say that you have...
 ... for your kids.Let's say that a citizen is hiring a nanny.
 A working parent.Well, that's the question. You interview of applicants. They all seem very nice. They seem like they would take care of the kids. But it would appear that their documents may not be in order.What would you want an American to do?
 We're going to talk more about those issues as we go along here.But, sticking with real people, Congressman Kucinich, the real person in that situation, what should they do?
 We may get to NAFTA as well, time permitting.I want to play a bit of tape, though, of Amy Vybiral. She's at the Marshalltown Education and Training Center, so she's somebody who deals with this in real time. And here's the policy that she follows as an English as a second language institution, teaching immigrants.(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)QUESTION I don't know their status. And I don't -- we don't ask.Let me put it this way, we ask a Social Security number of everybody who enters. And we require it of no one. So it's not a prerequisite to attend the college. (END AUDIO CLIP)
 Senator Clinton, if you're president in January of 2009, is don't ask/don't tell, which is a way you could characterize her policy there -- is that appropriate for people in institutions that receive government funding?
 Senator Biden?
 Many adults as well. People learning English as a second language...
 You used the same figure at the Brown and Black Forum on Saturday, but the Pew Research Center has estimated this, that in fact 56 percent of the illegal immigrants are from Mexico and 22 percent from other Latin American countries. Aren't the vast majority of the people here in fact Spanish speakers?
 Just a yes or no question before we go on, Senator.Those Irish people and others, illegal immigrants, you interviewed. Did you hire one?
 You found someone legal?
 Let me move on to Senator Edwards, if I might.Senator Edwards, in a recent debate, you said, as I'm sure you've said many times, that illegal workers are exploited, that they're paid less, if they try to report problems, they're asked about their immigration status.But you have also said that you do not believe that illegal immigration is driving down wages. If they're being paid less, how can they not be driving down wages?
 Well, how are they not driving down wages for everybody else if that's the case?
 I just want to follow up, Senator Edwards, on something that you said. I've had the pleasure at a debate setting in front of you twice within the last week. And, at the debate on Saturday, you noted that undocumented immigrants are punished if they complain about unsafe conditions, if they speak up. And you noted that these workers would have rights, they would be looked after in an Edwards administration.What rights do immigrants have if they're working without proper authorization?
 But until you get to that point, if workers don't have proper identification, proper authorization, what rights would they have under your administration.
 Senator, I'm just going to try this one more time. How would you, quote, take care of them?
 What rights would they have?
 Senator Obama, then Congressman Kucinich?
 What about January 2009 -- still millions of illegals -- would you let them work? Would you encourage them to work?Would you give them rights as they work?
 Congressman Kucinich, would you let people work in January 2009 if you're president?
 Former Senator Gravel?
 Senator Mike Gravel, Former Senator Mike Gravel, thanks very much.A couple of other candidates had their hands up, but we are approaching a break here so let me assure you that we will continue a bit more on this topic after the break.You are listening to the NPR Democratic candidates' debate from Des Moines. We're going to take a break of about a minute. This is special coverage from NPR News. (BREAK)
 Let's start right back in with Senator Clinton, who had her hand up before.And I do want to ask about a very similar topic, Senator. You said in a debate on Saturday night that you support people who are, as you put it, Yes, undocumented, but also working hard, trying to support their families. That's why they're here.In the same answer, you said you want to crack down on employers.Is there a contradiction there? If you crack down on employers, doesn't that mean you're telling employers to put these hard-working people, as you define them, out of work?
 But granted that...
 But granting that it may take a while to do that...
 Granting that you want to do several things, it appears from the reality of the moment that the easy thing to do is to crack down. Everything else is hard and may take a while.January 2009, as I've asked other candidates, are you going to crack down on employers, given that that may harm people you've defined as hard-working?
 Senators Obama and Dodd, can you limit yourselves to 30 seconds each?Senator Obama?
 Senator Dodd?
 I'm sorry that we're limited on time. We need to move on.
 A question for Senator Edwards.If you're elected president you'll hear competing claims about H1B visas for highly skilled workers.People like Bill Gates will tell you we should have much, much more of them to bring in more highly skilled workers.Critics of that will say No, the United States is training other countries' engineers, and in fact those workers are working for less than American-trained specialists and engineers would.What would you do as president, expand H1B visas or scale them back?
 Well, there are Americans who say that they are being trained for those jobs, but that they can't compete with workers from India, who will work for 10 percent less.
 But are you saying that, for you it's a matter of fact-finding, to see which way you would go on H1B visas, or have you already made up your mind that they should be limited or they should be increased?
 Senator Biden?
 Let me move on to another subject here because our time is quite short.
 Let me move on. We're running shy of time here. And I'll tell you, we're going to do about five or six minutes on immigration, and then there's one final question we're going to throw to all of you and give you an opportunity on.We mentioned that we've been taking questions from listeners in recent weeks about this debate, and one is on a small issue that I think points to a large concern.It comes from Tally Wilson (ph) of Boone, North Carolina. And her concern has to do with those voicemail automated messages that you get if you call a government office or a business office, the ones that say, For English, press one; para Espanol, oprima numero dos.She says, Suddenly we're asked what language we speak in our own country. Will you remove the question about what language we speak when we call any U.S. government office?Senator Obama.
 Larger question here, to Senator Clinton, which is Is this country gradually going to become more a Spanish-speaking country? And should we accept that?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Anybody here willing to say directly that immigration, because of the millions and millions of people involved, is going to change American culture as it has in the past? American is not going to be the same kind of place it is now.Senator Gravel?(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Biden?
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Obama?
 That has to be the last word on immigration. We still have a few minutes left on the clock and we want to use it for one more question from voters. We were speaking to some Iowa voters on Saturday morning in Des Moines, and we received one question which we wanted to put to you all.The gentleman's name is James Irwin. He is a Democrat, by the way.And we asked him, What are some things you want to know from the Democratic presidential candidates? , and this was his choice.QUESTION What do you think the toughest choice you have left to make is? Is it gay marriage, immigration, the war in Iraq? What haven't you made up you mind on yet, and why haven't you?
 We'll go left to right, just the way we've introduced people.Senator Clinton, what is something you don't know the answer to?
 Name one?
 We're going to have to go rather quickly. If you can name one specific thing, one specific thing.
 That's Senator Mike Gravel, Former Senator Mike Gravel.Senator Obama?
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Biden?
 Anybody want to put in a resume or anything, at this time?No one seems to be very eager to grab that job at this time.
 But is there seriously -- is there seriously something that you're wrestling with?
 And you're not sure...
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Oh, come on. You know what you want to do on that. You want to -- you want to impeach people.
 Let me -- because we still have a few seconds left, I heard a number of specific answers.And I want to come back to you, Senator Clinton. You said there were a host of things that you don't know the answers to. Would you like to name one, since your fellow candidates did, in general, name something in particular?
 OK.Senator Clinton, Senator Gravel, Senator Obama, Senator Dodd, Senator Biden, Senator Edwards, Congressman Kucinich, that's where we'll have to leave it.Thank you very much to all of you. It's been a great discussion. We appreciate it.
 So let's begin our questioning tonight, Campbell Brown. Campbell?
 Senator Clinton, recently in an interview on CNN, you said of the last debate that you weren't at your best that day. You stumbled on an important question involving illegal immigration. But your opponents are saying that that's really part of a larger pattern with you, that you often avoid taking firm positions on controversial issues. And one of your opponents on this stage calls this the politics of parsing. How do you respond to that?
 Let me bring in Senator Obama, because you've been among those critical of Senator Clinton. You've suggested she's triangulating, whatever that means, on some of the key issues; she's running a textbook Washington campaign, you've suggested that. I want you to explain, if you don't mind, Senator, what do you mean by that?
 All right.Senator Clinton, do you want to respond?
 All right.Senator Obama.WINNER Well, let's talk about health care right now because the fact of the matter is that I do provide universal health care. The only difference between Senator Clinton's health care plan and mine is that she thinks the problem for people without health care is that nobody has mandated -- forced -- them to get health care. That's not what I'm seeing around Nevada. What I see are people who would love to have health care. They -- they desperately want it. But the problem is they can't afford it, which is why we have put forward legislation -- (cheers, applause) -- we've put forward a plan that makes sure that it is affordable to get health care that is as good as the health care that I have as a member of Congress. (Applause.)
 All right.
 Hold on. One at a -- one at a time. (Inaudible) -- in control. (Applause.)
 Senator Obama, we're going to have a lot more on health care. There's no -- (inaudible).
 All right.
 Okay, please.
 Go ahead, Senator.
 All right.
 All right, we're going to get back on health care shortly because we have a lot more to talk about. (Cross talk.)I want Senator Edwards to weigh in, because you've spoken about the politics of parsing in your criticism of Senator Clinton. I want you to explain what that means.
 All right.
 We're going to --
 We're going to get all of these issues, including energy and Iran and everything else.
 Senator Clinton, I'll let you respond because there was a direct charge made against you.
 Then we're going to bring in everybody. Everyone's going to get time tonight. Don't worry. We got a lot of time.Go ahead.
 All right.
 Senator Edwards, we're going to give you a chance in a second. (Continued cheers, applause.)We're going to give Senator Edwards a chance to respond. I want Senator -- Senator Biden to weigh in.Senator Biden?
 I want you to weigh in.
 I want you to. Go ahead.What do you think -- Senator Biden, here's the question. What do you think about this exchange among Democrats? Is that good for the Democrats or is it bad?
 All right.
 Let me just point out, everyone's going to have plenty of time tonight. I want John Roberts to go ahead and ask the next question, and then we'll bring everybody in, I promise.ROBERTS Senator Clinton, you were saying just a moment ago -- (laughter) -- (boos) -- that you -- the question's not going to her, by the way. Reiterating what she said. You said you're not -- you think it's legitimate for you to take hits on your record. Well, some of those hits on your record have come from the far right-hand side of the stage, from Senator Edwards, who has frequently attacked you for flip-flopping.But Senator, you have changed your position on several issues. You were for the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository before you were against it. You were for the Iraq war before you were against it. People change their positions. If it's fair for you to change your position, is it not fair for her to change hers? (Applause.)
 All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 All right. Hold on one second.I want Senator Dodd to weigh in, Senator Dodd, because you said -- made a statement earlier in the week -- and I'm quoting you now -- you're "surprised at just how angry Senator Edwards has become."And you've suggested he's not the same person I once knew. (Laughter.)Go ahead and elaborate. Tell us what you mean.
 All right.Governor Richardson, go ahead.
 I just want to go down the line and ask everyone, and then we're going to move on to the next question.Just to be precise because there was a little confusion, thanks to Senator Edwards earlier in the week, I just want to make sure I fully understand all of you Democrats. Are you ready to commit absolutely, positively that you will support the Democratic nominee, no matter who that nominee is, no ifs, ands or buts?Senator Edwards.
 Yes, I planted it. (Laughter.)
 Campbell, go ahead.
 All right, let's talk about the issues.Senator Obama, I want to ask you about immigration. It's an important issue in this state in particular. There are between 100,000 to 200,000 illegal immigrants here in Nevada. And you've supported various benefits for illegal immigrants, including driver's licenses and in-state college tuition.What do you say to those Americans who say they are losing out because you would give benefits to people who broke the laws of this country, who came here illegally? And then more generally as president, where do you draw the line when it comes to benefits for illegal immigrants?
 All right. I want to just press you on this point because it's a logical follow-up, and then I want to go and ask everyone. On the issue that apparently tripped up Senator Clinton earlier, the issue of driver's licenses for illegal immigrants, I take it, Senator Obama, you support giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. Is that right?
 All right.
 Well, let's go through everybody because I want to be precise. I want to make sure the viewers and those of us who are here fully understand all of your positions on this.Barring, avoiding, assuming there isn't going to be comprehensive immigration reform, do you support or oppose drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?
 All right.
 But -- because this is the kind of question that is sort of available for a yes or no answer. (Laughter, cheers, applause.) Either you support it or you oppose it. Let's go down and get a yes or no from everyone starting with Senator Edwards.
 Do you support drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?
 Assuming we don't -- in the absence of comprehensive immigration reform -- doesn't look like it's going to happen any time soon -- do you support drivers licenses for illegal immigrants?
 All right.
 Senator Dodd.
 So is that a yes or a no?
 All right. Thank you.Senator Obama, yes or no?
 Okay. (Applause.)
 Senator Clinton?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Well, let me rephrase the question, Congressman.
 If undocumented people in this country --
 -- should be able to get driver's licenses.
 (Inaudible) -- comprehensive immigration reform.
 Governor?
 All right.
 Your answer is yes.
 Senator Biden.
 John Roberts.ROBERTS Senator Dodd, a lot of people in this room no doubt are very concerned about the quality of education that their children will have, and how it will prepare them for post-secondary education and the working world after that. In workplaces across America, it's pretty common practice to reward high-performing employees with pay raises, and to terminate bad employees. However in our education system across the country, by and large in our nation's public schools, teachers unions make it difficult to do that.The question is, what is wrong with rewarding a teacher who excels at the job that they're doing by paying them more than an average teacher would make? (Applause.)
 We're talking about education right now, and I want to bring Congressman Kucinich in because I know you're a strong supporter of the unions. The teachers' union, very powerful -- teachers' unions, very powerful. Are there any issues with unions -- teachers' unions, or other unions for that matter -- with which you disagree?
 All right. I take it the answer is there's nothing -- there's no issue -- no major issues. You disagree with America's unions.
 All right. Okay.Governor?
 Let me -- thank you, Governor. Thank you very much.I want Senator Clinton to weigh in. On the issue of merit pay, if there's a teacher out there who's doing a great job, should that teacher get merit -- get a bonus for doing a great job, that individual teacher who works really hard, does a great job educating young people?
 Well, what if there's an excellent teacher in that team and a crummy teacher in that team, a teacher who's simply riding along and not really working very hard, not really educating those young kids? Do you give just everybody the merit pay, or do you give the individual teacher?
 All right.
 I want to move on to the next question, but I want Senator Biden to weigh in because I know your wife is a teacher. So go ahead. Should an excellent teacher be given merit pay?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Campbell Brown.
 Senator Biden, a question on Pakistan. As you know, in the past few weeks Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf has declared a state of emergency there. He's dismissed several Supreme Court justices. He has recently placed opposition leader Benazir Bhutto under house arrest twice now and imprisoned numerous other dissenters.And I know you spoke with Musharraf last week. And you, along with several others on this stage, assert that the U.S. should maintain its current level of financial support for Pakistan. And my question is, is it your view that there are times when the security of the United States is more important than the way a key ally like Musharraf disregards freedom and disregards democracy?
 All right, thank you.
 Well, let me bring in Governor Richardson.Governor Richardson, you've suggested cutting off military aid to Pakistan, so long as the Pakistani leader doesn't take these steps to restore the constitution, take off his military uniform, end the national state of emergency and have free and fair elections. But some are worried, including the opposition leader, Benazir Bhutto -- I spoke with her earlier this week -- that cutting off military aid to the Pakistan military could undermine U.S. national security.This is a country that has nuclear weapons. It has a strong Taliban presence, an al Qaeda presence. Are you worried at all that as bad as President Musharraf might be, it could get a whole lot worse over there?
 All right.
 But --
 Let me just be precise because I want to make sure we all -- I heard you correctly. What you're saying, Governor, is that human rights, at times, are more important than American national security?
 All right. All right.
 Senator Edwards, I want you to weigh in.
 Go ahead, Senator.
 All right.
 All right. Everybody's going to have a chance.Senator Obama, is human rights more important than American national security?
 Because occasionally they could clash.
 Hold on. Hold on one second. Hold on. Senator Dodd -- I do not agree with it.
 Senator Dodd, I want you to weigh in. What's more important when they clash, human rights versus national security?
 So what's more important, human rights or national security?
 All right. Okay, thank you.
 All right.
 (Inaudible) -- you answered. You answered the question, Senator.
 You say national security is more important than human rights.Senator Clinton, what do you say?
 Thank you, Senator.John Roberts.
 Stand by. Stand by.John Roberts, go ahead.You're going to have a chance.ROBERTS All right, to Governor Richardson, a military police unit from the Nevada National Guard, stationed about 12 miles from here, just left for its third tour of duty in Iraq. I want to talk to you for just a moment here about the effect of the troop increase over there. It's true that 2007 is the deadliest year so far, since 2003, for American forces.But it's also true that U.S. troop deaths have been declining steadily since the spring. And in fact, in the month of October, they were at their lowest level in nearly two years. At the same time, there has been a marked decline in the number of deaths of Iraqi people.Is General David Petraeus correct when he says that the troop increase is bringing security to Iraq?
 All right.
 Thank you, Senator (sic/Governor).
 Congressman Kucinich, is the troop increase right now --
 Is the troop increase, as General Petraeus has put forward over these past few months, is it working?
 Thank you, Congressman.Senator Obama, I'll put the same question to you. Is General Petraeus' strategy working?
 All right.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Campbell Brown.
 Congressman Kucinich, we're approaching the holiday season right now and parents across the country are in a panic. They are riffling through their toy boxes, they are throwing things away, because they are so worried that toys, the products coming from China right now are too dangerous for their children.Do you believe that the people on the stage who voted to fully open trade relations with China bear some of the responsibility for what's going on right now?
 All right.
 Senator Edwards, he made a -- he made a specific reference to you.
 Well, let's let --
 Let's ask Senator Edwards to respond. Was that vote a mistake?
 All right.
 All right. I'm going to let Senator Clinton respond, but let me just rephrase the question.Was your vote to normalize trade relations with China a mistake?
 So it was a mistake?
 All right.Senator Clinton, all of us remember the big NAFTA debate when your husband was president of the United States, and a lot of us remember the debate between Al Gore, who was then vice president, and Ross Perot. Ross Perot was fiercely against NAFTA.Knowing what we know now, was Ross Perot right? (Laughter.)
 All right. So let me rephrase the question. I'll rephrase the question. Was NAFTA a mistake?
 Was NAFTA a mistake?
 I want to go to John Roberts in a second, but I know Senator Dodd and Senator Obama want to weigh in on this.Senator Dodd, you first.
 All right.Senator Obama, was NAFTA a mistake?
 All right -- 30 seconds. I've got to let Senator Biden --
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.
 All right. Hold on.
 John Roberts.Everybody's going to have a chance --
 All right. Senator, until there's some new technological breakthrough, as you would hope and all of us would hope, where do you send the waste?
 Well, until we -- until we do it.
 All right.
 Okay. I'm optimistic. (Laughter.)Governor Richardson's a former Energy secretary. What do you do with the nuclear waste in the interim?
 All right.
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.Campbell.
 Senator Clinton, you went to your alma mater recently, Wellesley College, and you said there that your tenure had prepared you to compete in the all boys club of presidential politics.At the same time, your campaign has accused this all boys club surrounding you on stage of piling on with their attacks against you. And then your husband recently came to your defense by saying that these, quote, "boys," had been getting rough with you -- (light laughter) -- and some have suggested that you, that your campaign, that your husband are exploiting gender as a political issue during this campaign.What's really going on here?
 But Senator, if I can just ask you, what did you mean at Wellesley when you referred to the boys club?
 Just curious.
 Thank you, Senator.We're going to take a quick break, but I want to give all the boys up here -- (laughter) -- a chance to quickly respond, if any of them want to respond.Do any of you believe that Senator Clinton is playing the so- called gender card?
 Yeah. (Laughter.)
 Thank you, Senator. (Applause.) And thank you, all of you.We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to do. We're going to readjust the stage up here, get some chairs. And when we come back, you're going to be hearing directly from voters here in Nevada. They're going to have a chance to ask these Democratic presidential candidates questions. (Applause.)Much more of our Democratic presidential debate right here on the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas. We'll be right back. (Cheers, applause.)(Announcements.)
 Welcome back. We're on the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas in the Cox Pavilion. All the candidates are now seated. We're going to begin the second half of this presidential debate.Our White House correspondent, Suzanne Malveaux, is here with us. (Applause.) And Suzanne, you have some undecided voters who are ready to ask these presidential candidates some specific questions. Let's begin right now.MALVEAUX Sure, Wolf. They are all very excited, about a hundred folks here. I've had a chance to actually meet at least some of you here, and obviously I noticed when you were responding to some of the candidates you were shaking your head, wrinkling your nose. I'm not sure if they've answered your questions, and this is your opportunity to ask the candidates what you really care about.Catherine Jackson, I want to start off with you. If you'd stand with your son, please. Now, Catherine, I understand that you're quite concerned about your son, Christopher. You have served three tours of duty in Iraq, and you're -- (cheers, applause) -- recognize your service. (Extended cheers, applause.) That's for you, Christopher.Your mother, I spoke with her -- your mom -- is so worried that you're going to be called to duty again, but not to be deployed in Iraq, but rather Iran. Do you share her concern?CHRISTOPHER JACKSON Yes, I do. And I feel that if we continue on the path we're at, that's where we're going to end up, in Iran. And that's not what our troops need. Our troops need to come home now. (Cheers, applause.)MALVEAUX Catherine -- Catherine, your question.CATHERINE JACKSON I finally got my son home after three tours of policing Iraq's civil war. Now members of the Bush administration and neoconservative members of Congress are beating the drums of war again. My son is still part of the Marine Individual Ready Reserve, and if President Bush starts another unnecessary war, there will be a chance that he'll likely be recalled for war.All of you on the stage have either -- I'm sorry -- have formal political power or significant informal power, and have the ability to stop the rush to war.Please tell me, how are you going to show us your leadership so -- on this issue now so I can decide who I think would be the best leader for tomorrow?MALVEAUX To Senator Biden, please.
 Senator Clinton, you voted for that resolution. You're the only one on the stage who did vote for that resolution. Do you want to respond --
 -- to Senator Biden?
 Senator, I want to go back to Suzanne Malveaux, but this was an important vote, and you missed that vote. You weren't present in the Senate when that vote occurred.
 Thank you, Senator.Go ahead, Suzanne.MALVEAUX Jeannie (sp) Jackson, if you would stand for us, please. You have something in common with the other mother. You have a son that's also in Iraq. But your question, your concern is very different. What is your question?JEANNIE JACKSON Well, I think you're all about getting us out of Iraq, and I appreciate, so it may be a moot point. But my son's making $30,000 while corporate people are making, minimum, $100,000 for going over there. Is there any way to end this disparity in wages?And also, I'd like to say to BillLOSER Happy Birthday. (Laughter, applause.) Thank you.
 Let's throw the question to the birthday boy. (Laughter.)MALVEAUX Okay, I guess he gets the gift here. And obviously, we're talking about private contractors. Governor Richardson, you know that Senator Obama has said he would pull out all of the private contractors if in fact that he was president. But in light of how stretched our military is, do you think that's a practical solution?
 Thank you, Governor. Thank you.Suzanne.MALVEAUX Our next question -- Khalil Khan, if you would just please stand for a moment.You and I spoke very briefly, and you said you have some concerns about racial profiling.KHALIL KHAN Yes, I do.I'm American citizen and have been profiled all the time at the airport. Since 9/11, hundreds of thousands Americans have been profiled. And you know that it is like harassment. And my question is that, that our civil liberties have been taken away from us.What you are going to do to protect Americans from this kind of harassment?MALVEAUX Senator Edwards, we'd like you to take that. You obviously voted for the Patriot Act, which gives the government extended powers of surveillance. What do you say to people like Mr. Khan, who say he's been abused by that power?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Congressman Kucinich, I believe you're the only person on this stage who had a chance to vote on the Patriot Act right after 9/11, who voted against it right away.
 Now, here's the question, here's the question. (Continued cheers.) Here's the question Congressman, do you feel, as you've felt on other issues, that those who voted for the Patriot Act -- and there are several here on this stage -- bear a responsibility for the way this individual, this American citizen, is being treated when he goes through an airport?
 Thank you. Thank you, Congressman.
 All right.
 Suzanne got -- Suzanne has another question.
 But I want --
 -- Senator Biden to go ahead and respond because you voted for the Patriot Act.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Go ahead, Suzanne.MALVEAUX George Ambriz. He's -- you're a graduate student here, and you're also a mentor for children. I understand that you have a concern about immigration.Q Yes, I do. (Speaks in Spanish.) It seems that many political commentators such as Lou Dobbs are guiding the debate and strongly shaping U.S. policy on immigration by insinuating a linkage to terrorism. As many people know, no terrorist has come from our southern border. Do you consider fighting terrorism and slowing the flow of illegal immigration coming from our southern border as intrinsically related issues?MALVEAUX Governor Richardson, since you're the only on this stage who does not support even building a fence, why don't you take this one?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Governor, thank you.
 Very important. I want Senator Dodd, though, to respond, because you voted for that security fence along the border between the U.S. and Mexico.
 All right, thank you, Senator.Let's go back to Suzanne.MALVEAUX We have Judy Bagley here with us; if you would stand for a moment. You have been working in the casino business for some 27 years now, a cashier.JUDY BAGLEY That's right.MALVEAUX You've seen a lot of people come and go, obviously.BAGLEY Absolutely.MALVEAUX What is your concern?BAGLEY I'm a booth cashier. And we moved here over 30 years ago. And I have three children, and as of yesterday, eight grandchildren. (Applause.)MALVEAUX And what is your question -- congratulations. That's amazing. And what is your question to the candidates?BAGLEY My question is, over the next several years the baby boomers, like my husband and I, will be retiring en masse. At the same time, the country is at a record deficit. We face a major challenge. When I retire, I will have my pension, but many others will not.Throughout the campaign we've heard the candidates supporting -- committing to support -- oh, my goodness -- committing to support Social Security and Medicare. My question is -- but the ideas on reform are often vague. My question is, what do you plan to do to ensure that Social Security and Medicare are truly available to us, our children and grandchildren in light of the current budget conditions?MALVEAUX Thank you very much; a very important issue.Senator Obama.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Clinton, you've been criticized by Senator Obama, I think Senator Edwards, among others, for refusing to take a hard and fast position on whether you would raise the tax above those making $97,500 dollars a year to try to secure Social Security in the long term. Are you ready to make a hard and fast statement now on your position on what Senator Obama just said?
 So --
 All right. Thank you, Senator.
 All right. So Senator -- so you're not ready to accept that raising of the cap on that, but I know that Senator Obama wants to respond to you.
 I want everybody to stand by because we have a lot more to talk about, a lot more of these questions from undecided voters here in Nevada. But we're going to take a quick commercial break. Much more from the campus of the University of Nevada-Las Vegas right after this. (Cheers, applause.)(Announcements.)
 Welcome back to the campus of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. We're at the Democratic presidential debate. Suzanne Malveaux's got another undecided voter with a question.MALVEAUX LaShannon Spencer, please stand up for a moment. What is your question?LASHANNON SPENCER We constantly hear health care questions and questions pertaining to the war. But we don't hear questions pertaining to the Supreme Court justice or education. (Applause.)My question is, if you are elected president, what qualities must the appointee possess?MALVEAUX I'd like to get to Senator Dodd, if you would. And in answering that question, also tell us whether or not you would require your nominees to support abortion rights.(Laughter, cross talk.)
 All right, let's go through the whole panel. I want everybody to weigh in. This is an important question that was raised. I'll start with Senator Biden.Would you insist that any nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court supported abortion rights for women?
 Well, let's ask the woman. Do you want him to answer that question?
 So --
 Let's go down the whole panel, and if you could give me a short yes or no; would you insist on a Supreme Court nominee supporting abortion?
 All right. Thank you, Governor.Congressman.
 All right.
 Thank you, Congressman.Senator Clinton. (Cheers, applause.)Senator Clinton, would this be a sine qua non for you, that any nominee you name to the Supreme Court would have to share your view on abortion?
 So the answer is yes?
 Okay. All right.
 Thank you.Senator Obama, you used to be a professor of law.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.We heard from Senator Dodd, so Senator Edwards, go ahead. Would you insist that nominees support abortion?
 Thank you, Senator.All right, Suzanne.MALVEAUX Frank Perconte is a student here.Frank, what is your question?FRANK PERCONTE Whether it's the continuing violence in Iraq, or if it's a potential confrontation with Iran, or even the emerging instability in Pakistan, nothing seems to be getting any better in the Middle East. It only seems to be getting worse. And if the upcoming election is anything like the last two elections, if any of you is elected, in all likelihood, you'll be presiding over an extremely divided electorate. Almost half the country is not going to agree with you on the direction you want to take this country to meet those challenges in the Middle East.So my question to you is, assuming you are elected, the day after you take the oath of office, what message will you offer the whole country, to unite all of us behind you, so that you can see us through this period of transition that we're in? (Applause.)MALVEAUX I'd like to refer that to Senator Obama.Senator Obama, you said on a TV interview just this past weekend, you didn't believe that Senator Clinton was able to unite this country. Why do you believe she can't?
 Thank you.
 Senator Clinton -- thank you, Senator -- some have suggested, including some on this stage, that you are simply too polarizing to unite the country if you were elected president. What do you say to those critics?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Biden --
 Thank you.
 All right. Thank you, Senator.We're going to go back to Suzanne, but go ahead, Governor Richardson, very briefly.
 Thank you, Governor.Suzanne, go ahead.MALVEAUX Maria, would you stand, please? Give us your full name.Q Maria -- (inaudible) -- and I'm a UNLV student. And my question is for Senator Clinton. This is a fun question for you. Do you prefer diamonds or pearls? (Laughter.)
 All right, so on that note, diamonds and pearls, I want to thank all of the Democratic presidential candidates for joining us here this evening. Let's give them a big round of applause. (Cheers, applause.)That wraps up our debate tonight. This is the first presidential debate ever held here in the state of Nevada. We'd like to thank our hosts here at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and the Nevada Democratic Party, for all their help and all their volunteers in putting this together.
 Senator Obama, we'll begin with you.You gave an interview to The New York Times over the weekend pledging in it to be more aggressive, to be tougher in your campaign against your chief rival for the nomination, the leader among Democrats so far, Senator Clinton, who is here next to you tonight.To that end, Senator, you said that Senator Clinton was trying to sound Republican, trying to vote Republican on national security issues, and that was, quote, "bad for the country and ultimately bad for the Democrats." That is a strong charge, as you're aware.Specifically, what are the issues where you, Senator Obama, and Senator Clinton have differed, where you think she has sounded or voted like a Republican?
 Senator Clinton, rebuttal?
 Senator, thank you.Tim Russert.
 Senator Edwards, you issued a press release, your campaign, and the headline is "Edwards to Clinton American People Deserve the Truth, Not More Double-Talk on Iran." What double-talk are you suggesting that Senator Clinton's been engaging in on Iran?
 Do you stand behind the word "double-talk"?
 Senator Clinton.
 We're going to get to Social Security in a little bit, but I want to stay on Iran, Senator Clinton.As you know, you voted for the Kyl-Lieberman amendment, the only member on the stage here who did that. Senator, Jim Webb of Virginia said it is for all practical purposes mandating the military option, that it is a clearly worded sense of Congress that could be interpreted as a declaration of war.Why did you vote for that amendment, which would -- calls upon the president to structure our military forces in Iraq with regard to the capability of Iran?
 Senator Dodd, you said that vote was a justification for war in Iran.
 Senator Biden, do you agree with Senator Webb it was de facto a declaration of war?
 Senator Obama, let's get at this another way. Red line is the current expression of the moment where Iran is concerned in Washington. What would your red line be concerning when to, if to attack Iran? What would make it crystal clear in your mind that the United States should attack Iran?
 Same question to Senator Clinton. What would be your red line?
 Respectfully, Senator, same question, though Do you have a threshold, a red line beyond which?
 I've noted all of our candidates want in on this. Senator Edwards, you next.
 Governor Richardson, would you negotiate with Iran without any conditions?
 Congressman Kucinich, your opinion of this resolution?
 I want to ask each of you the same question.Senator Clinton, would you pledge to the American people that Iran will not develop a nuclear bomb while you are president?
 But you won't pledge?
 But they may.
 Senator Edwards.
 Senator Obama.
 Senator Biden, would you pledge to the American people that Iran would not build a nuclear bomb on your watch?
 Senator Dodd.
 Governor Richardson.
 Congressman Kucinich, same question.
 Senator Clinton, elsewhere in the region, let's talk about Iraq. One of your military advisers, retired Lieutenant General Claudia Kennedy, while campaigning for you in New Hampshire, was recently quoted saying, quote, "I don't oppose the war. I have never heard Senator Clinton say, I oppose the war," closed quote.Senator Clinton, do you oppose the war in Iraq?
 Senator Obama, was Senator Clinton's answer to the opposition of the Iraq war question consistent, in your view?
 Senator Edwards, same question.
 Senator Clinton, 30-second rebuttal.
 Senator, thank you. And a brief housekeeping note here we have built two or three rather short breaks into tonight's program, this two-hour debate tonight.And we're going to choose to take the first of them right now, mostly so everyone can take a breath, on this hot stage, on this otherwise cool night in Philadelphia. We will continue with our debate, from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia, right after this.(Announcements.)
 We are back from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, resuming what will be tonight a two- hour debate.And we're going to start with another subject at the top of this segment. Senator Clinton, it will go to you. It speaks to electability.Earlier this month, Republican presidential front-runner Rudolph Giuliani said this about you, quote, "I don't know Hillary's experience. She's never run a city. She's never run a state. She's never run a business. She's never met a payroll. She's never been responsible for the safety and security of millions of people, much less even hundreds of people. So I'm trying to figure out where the experience is here." End of quote.Senator, how do you respond to the former mayor of New York?
 Senator Clinton, I'd like to follow up because, in terms of your experience as first lady, in order to give the American people an opportunity to make a judgment about your experience, would you allow the National Archives to release the documents about your communications with the president, the advice you gave, because, as you well know, President Clinton has asked the National Archives not to do anything until 2012?
 But there was a letter written by President Clinton specifically asking that any communication between you and the president not be made available to the public until 2012. Would you lift that ban?
 Senator Obama, your hand's up?
 Senator Edwards had his hand up. Then I want to give Senator Clinton the chance to respond.
 Senator Clinton, please.
 Senator Obama, to you let's apply the -- what we'll call the Giuliani question about having run a city, a state, a payroll.What specifically is your relevant experience for being president?
 Governor Richardson, though there was broad disagreement on this panel about you having the only negotiation experience, you did raise your qualifications earlier. Is your contention that, say, the top three front-runners in this race are less qualified than you are to be president?
 Senator Dodd, you gave an interview to our local NBC station here today alluding to problems with Senator Clinton's national electability. What is the point you want to make on that score?
 Senator Edwards, do you want to take 30 seconds and respond on situational ethics?
 Congressman Kucinich, you're smiling. Why?
 Senator Biden, you said recently, "While Mrs. Clinton was meeting socially with the prime minister of a country, I was sitting down and negotiating with them. I know my experience is considerably deeper and more relevant." Do you stand by that quote? And is your inference that she is less qualified than you to be president?
 On that note, Tim Russert's going to take us into a segment on Social Security.
 Senator Clinton, I want to clear something up, which goes to the issue of credibility.You were asked at the AARP debate whether or not you would consider taxing -- lifting the cap from 97,500, taxing that, raising more money for Social Security. You said, quote, "It's a no." I asked you the same question in New Hampshire. You said no. Then you went to Iowa and you went up to Tod Bowman, a teacher, and had a conversation with him, saying, I would consider a -- lifting the cap perhaps above 200,000. You were overheard by an Associated Press reporter saying that.Why do you have one public position and one private position?
 But you did raise it as a possibility with Tod Boman.
 You called it a Republican talking point. Georgetown University, February 9th, 1998 We are in a -- you're heading to a looming fiscal crisis in Social Security. If nothing is done, it will require a huge tax increase in the payroll tax or 25 percent in Social Security benefits, Bill Clinton, 1998.That's recent history, only two years to go in his term. Is that a Republican talking point?
 Senator Obama, you said in May that, quote, "Everything is on the table" when it comes to Social Security. You now have an ad up in Iowa which says that any benefit cuts are off, and raising retirement age are off. Why have you changed your mind?
 But when asked by The New York Times whether Senator Clinton has been truthful, you said no.
 Senator Obama, we're going to transfer into a new area here, a question specifically for you because you're in a rather unique position. It's about religion and misinformation.Governor Romney misspoke twice on the same day confusing your name with that of Osama bin Laden. Your party is fond of talking about a potential swift-boating. Are you fearful of what happened to John McCain, for example, in South Carolina a few years back, confusion on the basis of things like names and religion?
 Let's take this opportunity to fit in what will be the second of three breaks tonight. We'll be back with more from the campus of Drexel University in Philadelphia right after this. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 We are back from the campus of Drexel University here in Philadelphia. Our debate continues.Now we're going to introduce some rule changes as we go. And for this next question alone in this segment, we're going to enforce a -- or try to -- a 30-second limit on responses. We're going to begin with Senator Dodd and go right down the panel.Most experts believe we're looking at $100 a barrel oil prices, perhaps very soon. Most experts further believe there are some folks in America who may be paying 50 percent more for things like heating oil this winter, let's say where winters are difficult in two states that come to mind, Iowa and New Hampshire, say nothing of your home state of Connecticut. As a member of the U.S. Senate, are these people doomed to paying more, to suffering through these energy costs this winter, Senator? Aside from blue-ribbon panels, what can be done right now about what afflicts the United States on this issue of energy?
 We're going to try to enforce this time limit.Senator Biden.
 Senator Edwards.
 Senator Clinton.
 Senator Obama.
 Congressman Kucinich.
 Thank you, Congressman.Governor Richardson.
 Thank you, Governor.A question for Senator Dodd, a question to you alone, Senator, about this intersection of environment and sacrifice. So many people have been saddened by the pictures these past few days from Southern California. There are reports that major cities in the state of Georgia are threatened with running out of drinking water in a matter of days. Are you truly prepared to lead on a national scale the kind of sacrifice it would require where it intersects with the environment?
 Senator Edwards, should there be a bottomless well of federal dollars for people who knowingly live in areas of this country that are disaster prone to rebuild their homes if lost in a disaster?
 So does smarter mean any limits? Let's just take 20 seconds more here. From Malibu to the Outer Banks down to Florida, should there be unlimited federal dollars?
 To Tim Russert.
 I'd like to talk about taxes. Senator Clinton, I'd like to start with you because the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Charlie Rangel, is strong supporter of your campaign. He wants to repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax, but he also wants to have a 4 percent surtax on a single $150,000 income or a $200,000 married couple. You went to Harlem with your husband, with Charlie Rangel, and the former president said, quote, "Charlie Rangel wants me to pay more taxes so you can pay less, and I think that's a good idea." Is that also your view?
 So in principle, you would be in favor of looking at a 4 percent surtax --
 But you will not campaign on the Rangel plan?
 Senator Obama, would campaign on the Rangel plan?
 Congressman Kucinich, I want to move to the issue of hedge funds.
 Hedge funds. Managers of hedge funds.
 There's a listing in the paper the other day of the hundred top managers of hedge funds. (Clearing his throat.) Excuse me. At the top, $1.5 billion. Number 100 makes $50 million. They pay a tax rate of 16 percent rather than ordinary income of 31, 32 percent.The Democrats took control of Congress in November of '06. The leader of the Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reid, said, "We're not going to change it this year." Your reaction?
 Senator Edwards, you work for a hedge fund. By every estimate, we could save $25 billion over 10 years, new revenue--
 -- to be used for a whole variety of programs. Why won't the Democratic Party act on this issue?
 Senator, thank you.We're going to introduce the concept of a lightning round here. Take one question; go down the line. 30 seconds each -- a time we're going to enforce.And Governor Richardson, we're going to start with you. This is about something called Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study. It's called TIMSS. A number of overseas nations took part in it. It found that overseas students spend an average of 193 days annually in school. The deficit compared to the U.S., where it's 180 days -- over 12 years, that adds up to one-year gap between education in the U.S. and overseas.Do you believe we in this country need to extend the school day and/or extend the school year? And will you commit to it?
 Time.
 Time.
 Governor?
 Thirty-second limit on these.Congressman?
 Thank you, Congressman.Senator.
 Senator Obama, thank you.Senator Clinton.
 Senator Edwards.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Biden.
 Senator Dodd.
 Keep you -- I have to keep you to time, Senator. Thank you.We're going to continue this notion of a lightning round.After a quick break, we're going to start our next segment with a question handed to me by a student here at Drexel today. So again, our last break now, and a short one -- we will continue from Philadelphia right after this.(Announcements.)
 We are back in Drexel University in Philadelphia.Something we'd like to institute as the lightning round. We've put a clock and a noise, perhaps not loud or severe enough, on the screen. (Laughter.) As we tried this out in the previous segment, we're going to get try to get tougher and heavier concerning our enforcement.I promised to begin with a question handed me by a Drexel student today. It dovetails -- and Senator Dodd, we'll start with you -- it dovetails with what physicians have asked me to ask in this room, to this group here tonight.With so many young people choosing not to go into medicine, so many veteran physicians choosing to get out or losing heart because their ability to earn an income is going down, how do you expect this nation to attract, to continue to attract quality people to medicine, Senator?
 Senator, thank you.Senator Biden.
 Very good. It's our new "tough guy" policy. (Laughter.)
 Senator, thank you.Senator Edwards.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Clinton.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Obama.
 Senator, thank you.Congressman?
 Thank you, Congressman. Thank you, Congressman.Governor Richardson.
 Governor -- Governor, thank you.Senator Obama, a question to you. More than one columnist covering the field of transportation has compared our current commercial aviation business to Aeroflot in the old Soviet Union. One writer said, hold on, that's insulting to Aeroflot. They have raised their service.The question to you is How did this country get into a state where point to point air travel is no longer truly dependable? But more important, what would you be truly willing to do as president to fix it?
 Time.
 Yeah. Yeah, sorry, the rules --
 We should probably repeat the lighting round continues with my colleague, Tim Russert. (Laughter.)
 Thank you, Brian.Senator Clinton, Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer has proposed giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. You told the Nashua, New Hampshire editorial board it makes a lot of sense. Why does it make a lot of sense to give an illegal immigrant a driver's license?
 Does anyone here believe an illegal immigrant should not have a driver's license?
 An illegal immigrant should not have a driver's license.
 Who else? Senator --
 Senator Clinton, I just want to make sure what I heard. Do you, the New York Senator Hillary Clinton, support the New York governor's plan to give illegal immigrants a driver's license? You told the Nashua, New Hampshire, paper it made a lot of sense.
 Do you support his plan?
 New subject.Senator Edwards, you have young children. As you know, the Internet can be a bit of a cultural Wild West. Assuming a lot of homes don't have parental support, would you be in favor of any government guidelines on Internet content?
 Senator Obama, why are you nodding your head?
 Are you for it or against it?
 Congressman Kucinich, I want to move to a different area, because this is a serious question.The godmother of your daughter, Shirley MacLaine, writes in her new book that you've cited a UFO over her home in Washington state -- (laughter) -- that you found the encounter extremely moving, that it was a triangular craft silent and hovering, that you felt a connection to your heart and heard direction in your mind.Now, did you see a UFO? (Laughter.)
 Actually --
 No, no. Let me -- 14 percent of Americans say they have seen UFOs.I'm going to move --
 Fourteen percent.
 Fourteen.
 I want to see -- (laughter) -- I'm going to ask Senator Obama a question in the same line.The three astronauts of Apollo 11 who went to the moon back in 1969 all said that they believe there is life beyond Earth. Do you agree?
 Let's talk about life on Earth. Senator Clinton, Lance Armstrong called here today with a question. He made the point, as he often has, 3,000 people, roughly, killed on 9/11, roughly a trillion dollars spent in the years since; about that many people die of cancer every two days. He wanted us to ask any of you, are you willing to be the president or are you willing to pledge to be the president who knocks cancer down from its status as number one killer of Americans under the age of 85?
 Senator, thank you.Tim Russert.
 Senator Dodd, you went on the Bill Marr show last month and said that you were for decriminalizing marijuana. Is there anyone here who disagrees with Senator Dodd in decriminalization marijuana? Senator Biden?BIDEN (?) (Inaudible.)
 Senator Edwards? Why?
 Senator, Senator Biden, I introduce a new subject here. Christmas shopping season, holiday hoping, almost upon us, as there is a chill in the air. Would you advise Americans against buying imported toys from China, in light of the recent health and safety problems?
 This is what happens late at night in a hot room. (Laughter.)Senator Obama, we started with you. Let's take a stab at this one. Tomorrow, of course, is Halloween. (Laughter.) You will go as what? (Laughter.)
 Let's perhaps try to end on that note. (Laughter.) Along with this If you didn't hear your question asked or answered here tonight, we are guessing there will be ample opportunity. We, among others, will be back at this pursuit with now 65 days to go until the Iowa caucuses.I want to thank my partner first and foremost, Tim Russert, in the questioning here tonight.We, of course, want to thank our hosts at Drexel University, the great city of Philadelphia, and the candidates in the race for the Democratic nomination for being with us here tonight.On behalf of all of us at NBC News, especially our road crew here who makes these all possible, good night from Philadelphia. Thank you for being with us. (Applause.)
 Good evening, and welcome. We have some big issues to talk about tonight, so let's start right now.Senator Obama, I'd like to start with you. General Petraeus in his testimony before Congress, later echoed by President Bush, gave every indication that in January of 2009 when the next president takes office, there will be 100,000 troops in Iraq. You're the president. What do you do? You said you would end the war. How do you do it in January of 2009?
 Will you pledge that by January 2013, the end of your first term more than five years from now, there will be no U.S. troops in Iraq?
 Senator Clinton, Democrats all across the country believed in 2006, when the Democrats were elected to the majority in the House and Senate, that that was a signal to end the war, and the war would end.You have said that will not pledge to have all troops out by the end of your first term, 2013. Why not?
 Senator Edwards, will you commit that at the end of your first term, in 2013, all U.S. troops will be out of Iraq?
 Governor Richardson.
 Would you send combat troops back in if there was genocide?
 Governor Richardson, you have said that you will bring home all troops within a year. You've heard your three other opponents say they can't do it in four years. How can you do it in one year?
 Governor, how are you going to do this in one year?
 Senator Dodd, you've heard this discussion. Where do you come down?
 I want to put you on the record. Will you pledge as commander in chief that you have all troops out of Iraq by January of 2013?
 You'll get it done.
 Senator Biden, would you get it done?
 You would not make a commitment to have them all out by --
 Congressman Kucinich, please.
 But you'll pledge -- excuse me, excuse me. You'll pledge to have all troops out by January of 2013.
 Well, it's September of '07 now, so we're going to have a problem. (Laughter.)
 All right. We'll give you -- I want to give Senator Gravel a chance.Senator Gravel, I've listened to you very carefully in this campaign. You were in the Senate.
 You were in the Senate, and you take credit for stopping the draft. If you were a senator right now, what advice would you give your colleagues still in Congress about how they can stop the war even though they don't have enough votes to stop a debate or to override a veto?What should they do?
 Senator, are you suggesting that these candidates suspend their campaigns, go back to Washington and for 40 consecutive days vote on the war?
 Senator Clinton, I'll give you a chance to respond.
 Please take 30 seconds.
 I just want to pick up on Senator Gravel's point.Senator Dodd, is it practical for you as a senator and others who now serve in Congress to go back to Washington and for 40 consecutive days try to cut off the funding for the war, defend your campaigns if necessary, and bring the issue to crystallize it in a way that the American people will understand exactly what's going on?
 I want -- I -- we have so much to cover. I want to talk about Iran. And this is --
 We have --
 All right. Fine. Fine. Fine.
 All right. Okay. All right. We've had that discussion.
 Senator Clinton, in 1981 the Israelis took out a nuclear reactor in Iraq. On September 6th, to the best of our information, Israel attacked Syria because there was suspicion that perhaps North Korea had put some nuclear materials in Syria.If Israel concluded that Iran's nuclear capability threatened Israel's security, would Israel be justified in launching an attack on Iran?
 It is not a hypothetical, Senator. It's real life.
 It's real --
 But my question --
 The question is --
 Would Israel -- my question is --
 My question was --
 My question is, would the Israelis be justified if they felt their security was being threatened by the presence of a nuclear presence in Iran , and they decided to take military action? Would they be justified?
 You will all be running against a Republican opponent, perhaps Rudy Giuliani. This is what he said. " Iran is not going to be allowed to build a nuclear power. If they get to a point where they're going to become a nuclear power, we will prevent them; we will set them back eight to 10 years. That is not said as a threat; that should be said as a promise."Would you make a promise as a potential commander in chief that you will not allow Iran to become a nuclear power and will use any means to stop it?
 Senator Obama, would Israel be justified in launching an attack on Iran if they felt their security was jeopardized?
 So you would not offer a promise to the American people, like Giuliani, that Iran will not be able to develop and become a nuclear power?
 Senator Edwards, would the Israelis be justified in launching an attack if they felt their security was threatened by a nuclear presence in Iran ?
 Governor Richardson, would you make a solemn commitment to the American people that Iran will not become a nuclear power?
 But the issue you may have to confront as president, Israel took out a nuclear reactor in Iraq. They attacked Syria. They may conclude they need to attack Iran.If they did and you were president, would you support Israel?
 Before we take a break, I want to go to Allison King of New England Cable News, who has been sifting through thousands of questions from across the country and New England and here in New Hampshire.Allison, a question, please.ALLISON KING (New England Cable News) Thank you, Tim.Dozens of cities around the country, including several here, right here in New England, have been designated as sanctuary cities. These are communities that provide a safe haven for illegal immigrants, where police are told not to involve themselves in immigration matters.Would you allow these cities to ignore the federal law regarding the reporting of illegal immigrants and, in fact, provide sanctuary to these immigrants?Governor Richardson, I'll start with you.
 Get all the candidates on the record -- anyone here who would close down these sanctuary cities, not allow them to exist? You would allow these sanctuary cities to exist?
 The question is, you would allow these sanctuary cities to disobey the federal law?
 All right.
 Senator Obama.
 But you would allow the sanctuary cities to exist?
 Senator Clinton, would you allow the sanctuary cities to exist?
 But you would allow the sanctuary cities to disobey the federal law.
 Real fast.
 Thank you, Senator Gravel.We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more to talk about and a lot more time. We are at Dartmouth College, Hanover, (New) Hampshire. We'll be right back with the Democrats. (Applause.)
 And we are back live from Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire, and we are resuming our debate.Senator Dodd, let me start with you. President Bush predicted that Hillary Clinton would be the nominee for president for your party. You issued a statement that said, quote, "I can understand why the president would want Senator Clinton to be the nominee."What does that mean?
 Ah.
 Experience and judgment have been two issues that have been raised in this campaign. Senator Clinton, as first lady, your major initiative was health care. You acknowledge that you did some things wrong in that. Democrats and Republicans both rejected your proposal. You said that the most important vote you cast in the Senate was on the Iraq war. You voted for it.If, in fact, you made fundamental misjudgments on health care as first lady and the war as senator, why shouldn't Democratic voters say, "She doesn't have the judgment to be president"?
 Could the scaled bill down -- scaled-down bill that you have now, which is very similar to what Senator Chafee, a Republican, had back in 1993 -- your bill today could have passed back then, but you refused to compromise.
 Senator Biden, you said the other day, quote, "Do you really believe that Senator Clinton can get more than 15 percent of Republicans to vote for health care?" What does that mean?
 And she cannot?
 Senator Edwards, you said in effect that Senator Clinton's mismanagement of health care meant that 40 million Americans have not had it since 1993. That's a very serious charge.
 Well, Senator, I want to ask you this because in 2004 when you ran for president, you said we could not afford universal health care, it was not achievable, and it was not responsible. You've changed dramatically on this issue.
 Senator Obama, I asked Senator Clinton about experience in judgment. You have served in the U.S. Senate about 33 months. You have no landmark legislation as such that you have offered. When you were elected back in 2004, you said, quote, "The notion that somehow I am going to start running for higher office, it just doesn't make sense."If it didn't make sense in 2004, why does it make sense now?
 I want to ask Senator Gravel. You talk about running for president of the United States. In 1980 your condo business went bankrupt.
 In 2004 you filed for personal bankruptcy --
 -- leaving $85,000 in credit bills unpaid. How can someone who did not take care of his business, could not manage his own personal finances, say that he's capable of managing the country?LOSERWell, first off, if you want to make a judgment of who can be the greediest people in the world when they get to public office, you could just look up at the people up here. Money -- many of them done very, very well in public office. I left the Senate no better than when I went in.Now, you say the condo business. I'll tell you, Donald Trump has been bankrupt a hundred times. So I went bankrupt once in business.And the other -- who did I bankrupt? I stuck the credit card companies with $90,000 worth of bills. And they deserved it, because I used the money. (Laughter.) They deserved it, and I used the money to finance the empowerment of the American people with the National Initiative, so you can make the laws.Now, Tim, let me just point one thing out.
 All right.
 You've made your point. You've made your point.
 Let me leave it at that, because I've got to give everyone a chance.Congressman Kucinich, when you were mayor of Cleveland, you let Cleveland go into bankruptcy, the first time that happened since the Depression. The voters of Cleveland rewarded you by throwing you out of office and electing a Republican mayor of Cleveland. How can you claim that you have the ability to manage the United States of America, when you let Cleveland go bankrupt?
 Governor Richardson, you talk about your experience, and yet when you were the secretary of Energy, there was security breaches at Los Alamos. You talked about Justice White being your favorite Supreme Court justice, someone who voted against Roe v. Wade. New Mexico ranks 48 in terms of people below the poverty line, 48th in children below the poverty line.You said that being gay is a choice. Based on those kinds of comments and that record of performance or questionable activities, how can you tell people you have the experience to be president?
 I'd like to go to Alison King of New England Cable News again for another question. Alison.KING Thanks, Tim.The issues surrounding gay rights have been hotly debated here in New England. For example, last year some parents of second graders in Lexington, Massachusetts, were outraged to learn their children's teacher had read a story about same-sex marriage, about a prince who marries another prince.Same-sex marriage is legal in Massachusetts, but most of you oppose it. Would you be comfortable having this story read to your children as part of their school curriculum?I'm going to start with Senator Edwards.
 Thank you, Alison.We're going to take another quick break. We're going to come back and talk about something that affects this generation and the next generation -- Social Security, Medicare and a whole lot more. We'll be right back to the Democrats debate.(Announcements.)
 And we're back at Dartmouth College talking to the Democrats. I want to talk about Social Security and Medicare. The chairman of the Federal Reserve, the head of the Government Accountability Office, have both said that the number of people in America on Social Security and Medicare is going to double in the next 20 years -- there are now 40 million; it's going to go to 80 million -- and that if nothing is done, we'll have to cut benefits in half or double the taxes. That is their testimony.Senator Biden, in order to prevent that, would you be willing to consider certain steps? For example, back in 1983, Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neill, Pat Moynihan and Bob Dole got together and changed the retirement age. It's going to be going up to 67 in a gradual increase.Right now, you pay tax for Social Security on your first $97,500 worth of income. Why not tax the entire income of every American? And if you do that, you'll guarantee the solvency of Social Security farther than your eye can see.
 Would you also, considering now life expectancy is 78, considering -- consider gradually raising the retirement age?
 Senator Clinton, would you be in favor of saying to the American people, "I'm going to tax your income. I'm not going to cap at $97,500. Everyone, even if you're a millionaire, is going to pay Social Security tax on every cent they make"?
 But you would not take lifting the cap at 97.5 off the table.
 But Senator Biden said you can't grow your way out of this. And for the record, when the Clinton administration left office, Social Security was only guaranteed to 2038, not 2055.
 A plan --
 But Senator --
 -- a simple question.A simple question. What do you put on the table? What are you willing to look at to say, "We're not going to double the taxes, we're not going to cut benefits in half; I'm willing to put everything on the table, some things on the table, nothing on the table"?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Dodd, tax all income?
 Governor Richardson, would you lift the cap and have taxes paid on income and not cap it at --
 You then would -- excuse me, excuse me -- you then would have a deficit of over 300 billion (dollars) --
 Governor --
 It's not funny money; it's real money.
 Growing -- Governor, what you're saying is that there's no pain in this. You can double the number of people on Social Security, Medicare, and the life expectancy can go to 78. The reason Franklin Roosevelt set the age of eligibility to 65 -- that was life expectancy. You made it on the program for a month or two, and that was it. You're going to have double the number of people on these programs for 15 years, and you can do it by growing the economy.
 Senator Edwards --
 -- can you grow your way out of this?
 Real fast.
 Senator Dodd, Senator Edwards invoked your name. You've got 30 seconds.
 But Senator Clinton --
 Senator Clinton -- Senator Clinton -- Senator Clinton, you would acknowledge that the programs as they are now constructed will not exist unless significant changes are made in them for the next generation.
 One second -- one second here. I want to turn to another health issue because this is important before I bring Allison in.Over 400,000 Americans have premature death due to smoking or secondhand smoke.Senator Clinton, would you be in favor of a national law to ban smoking in all public places?LOSER Well, we banned it in New York City. And people thought it would be a terrible idea, and everyone was really upset about it. And actually business at a lot of establishments, like restaurants and other places, increased, because many people felt more comfortable going when there was no smoking.I think that we should be moving toward a bill that I have supported to regulate tobacco through the FDA. And once it has those health warnings and once the FDA can regulate it, I think that will give a lot of support to local communities to make these, what are essentially zoning decisions. And I'd fully support that.
 But you're not in favor of a national law to ban smoking in public places?
 Senator Obama, a national law to ban smoking in all public places?
 Have you been successful in stopping smoking?
 Is there anybody here who's in favor of a national law to ban smoking?(Cross talk.)
 Okay. So Biden, Dodd, Richardson.
 Kucinich and Gravel.
 All right. So Biden, Dodd, Richardson, Gravel and Kucinich in favor of a national law.Alison, you're up.
 And Edwards.KING Susan Renacle (sp) of Canaan, New Hampshire, the mother of two young adult sons, believes that the legal drinking age of 21 is counterproductive and unrealistic, especially, she says, because -- (interrupted by applause, cheers) --
 In the interest of time, is there anybody here, from Obama down to Gravel, who thinks we should lower the drinking age back to 18?
 Eighteen?Kucinich -- Congressman Kucinich? You said yes.
 Obama, Edwards, Clinton are all no on 18?
 No.
 Lower the drinking age to 18.
 Okay.We're going to take a break and come back with our lightning round -- 30 seconds to answer each question.
 We'll be right back.
 We are back in New Hampshire.Politicians spend millions of dollars on TV commercials, which last 30 seconds. We want to demonstrate to the American voters tonight that you can answer a question in 30 seconds. (Laughter.)Here we go.Senator Obama, you go around the country saying it's time to turn the page. Are you talking about the Bushes, the Clintons or both?
 Senator Clinton, if you are the nominee, it will be 28 years, from 1980 to 2008, where there's been a Bush or a Clinton on the national ticket. (Laughter.) Is it healthy for democracy to have a two-family political dynasty? (Laughter.)
 Senator Biden, do you believe that MoveOn.org has changed politics for the better?
 Have they been a positive force in politics? (Laughter.)
 Congressman Kucinich, Alan Greenspan in his book wrote something that has not received any notice. He advocates raising taxes on gasoline $3 a gallon over the next 10 years because he said there is no way we will wean ourself off of gasoline-driven automobiles and convert to something else like Brazil, which uses sugarcane. Would you be in favor of a phased-in, $3-a-gallon gasoline tax?
 Time.
 Would anyone here raise the gasoline tax in order to wean America off of Middle East oil?
 Senator Dodd, you have --
 Yes, you have a carbon tax. I have another question for you, however.You have two daughters, 6 and 2. Christmas is coming. Would you favor a temporary ban on the importation of all toys from China until we are convinced that they're not coming into our country and harming our children?
 Senator Obama, you were criticized by Jesse Jackson and others about your -- in their words -- tepid response about the situation in Jena involving civil rights difficulties in Louisiana. Should you have gone to Jena, Louisiana, in order to try to bring those communities together?
 Governor Richardson, if you're president of the United States you're automatically honorary chairman of the Boy Scouts of America. In light of that organization's position on sexual orientation, would you accept that position?
 I've got to move on and give Senator Edwards a chance. Senator Edwards, you heard Alan Greenspan recommending raising gasoline tax. We do have a dependency on foreign oil which all across America people say we must become energy independent.
 Would you be in favor of developing more nuclear power here in the United States?
 Period?
 Senator Obama, nuclear power?
 Congressman?
 Nuclear power?
 Senator Clinton, would you rule out expanding nuclear power?
 I want to move to another subject, and this involves a comment that a guest on Meet the Press made, and I want to read it, as follows Imagine the following scenario. We get lucky. We get the number three guy in Al Qaida. We know there's a big bomb going off in America in three days and we know this guy knows where it is.
 Don't we have the right and responsibility to beat it out of him? You could set up a law where the president could make a finding or could guarantee a pardon.President (sic) Obama -- would you do that as president?
 Senator Biden, would you allow this presidential exception?
 Senator Clinton, this is the number three man in Al Qaida. We know there's a bomb about to go off, and we have three days, and we know this guy knows where it is. Should there be a presidential exception to allow torture in that kind of situation?
 The guest who laid out this scenario for me with that proposed solution was William Jefferson Clinton last year. So he disagrees with you.
 So there is a disagreement?
 Well, that raises a question Which foreign policy decisions of the Clinton administration were you involved in or did you advise?
 Anyone else what to disagree with President Clinton on torture?
 Go ahead, Senator Dodd.
 Governor Richardson, this is an exception to offer a pardon to someone or to do a presidential finding because it's someone who knows a bomb is going off...
 Time.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Edwards, the exception?
 That was -- that was the scenario that President Clinton laid out.
 So you would be in favor of...
 No. It would be pardoning the person who...
 Fair enough. All right.Real fast -- 30 seconds.
 I want to turn to politics and money. Senator Clinton, as you all know, you had to turn back $850,000 in contributions from Norman Hsu because of his rather checkered past.Again, President Clinton said this, Now, we don't have to publish all our donors for the Clinton Foundation, but if Hillary became president, I think there would questions about whether people would try to win favor by giving money to me.In light of that, do you believe that the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton library should publish all the donors who give contributions to those two entities?
 And the foundation?
 Until such legislation, would they voluntarily, the Clinton library and Clinton Foundation, make their donors public?
 What's your recommendation?
 Is there anyone here who doesn't believe that presidential libraries and presidential foundations should make public all their donors?
 Senator Edwards, you mentioned candor with the candidate -- president with the American people. Your campaign has hit some obstacles with revelations about $400 haircuts, $500,000 for working for a hedge fund, $800,000 from Rupert Murdoch.Do you wish you hadn't taken money in all those cases or hadn't made that kind of expenditure for a haircut?
 But the hedge fund, as you know, had subprime mortgages, many of which defaulted in the Katrina area. If you had to do it all over again, would you not have taken that money?
 I'm...
 The specific example.
 Specific example.
 Before we go, there's been a lot of discussion about the Democrats and the issue of faith and values. I want to ask you a simple question.Senator Obama, what is your favorite Bible verse?
 I want to give everyone a chance in this. You just take 10 seconds.Senator Clinton, favorite Bible verse?
 Senator Gravel?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Senator Edwards?
 Governor Richardson?
 Senator Biden?
 I want to thank you all for your answers this evening.I want to ask Allison King for one more question. This, after all, is New Hampshire. She wants to ask you about baseball.KING For many here, in New England, the answer to this next question may be the most important one you answer tonight.Red Sox or Yankees?Governor Richardson?
 Senator Clinton, what a bout a World Series -- Yankees and Cubs?
 But who would you be for?
 Spoken like a true sports fan.Senator Gravel, Yankees, Red Sox?
 Edwards?
 Obama?
 Dodd?
 Biden?
 Thank you all.Thank you voters of New Hampshire and all across the country for watching the Democratic candidates tonight.And thank you, Dartmouth.Our thanks to New England Cable News, Dartmouth College. The broadcast re-airs tonight, 1 a.m. Eastern on MSNBC. If you want to see the Republican candidates in a similar setting, NBC will bring you the debate from Dearborn, Michigan, October 9th. I'll see you this Sunday on Meet the Press.From Hanover, New Hampshire, good night.
 Before beginning, we want to thank all of you for having accepted coming to this presidential forum. In the name of the millions of Hispanics and Latin Americans who are seeing this, thank you very much.We're going to start with a question. The first question is for Senator Barack Obama. Why do you consider it important to participate in this presidential forum? Do you consider that participating in a forum run in Spanish and addressed specifically to Hispanic voters is a political risk for you?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Clinton. Senator Clinton, do you consider that there's a political risk in participating in this forum?
 Senator Gravel, why did you consider it important to participate in this forum?
 Senator Edwards, it is a risk for you to be here?
 Senator (sic) Kucinich, millions of Hispanics here in the United States speak Spanish. Would you be willing to promote Spanish as a second national language of the United States?
 We're speaking right now as -- would you promote -- Senator Dodd, would you promote Spanish as a second national language in the United States?
 Governor, I think it's clear for all of us that English is our common language, but the question is Would you be willing to promote Spanish as a second national language -- not a first language, but a second national language?
 The rules that the seven candidates have accepted for this debate is that everyone is going to communicate in English, and everything would be translated into Spanish. Thank you very much. (Applause.)Representative Kucinich, the next question is for you. A recent conducted by the Pew Hispanic Center reveals that two of three Hispanics believe that the U.S. should withdraw from Iraq. Under what circumstances would you consider the mission accomplished so that our troops could return?
 Senator Obama, the same question. At what time would you consider that the mission has been completed or accomplished, so that the troops can come home?
 Your time is up. Thank you.
 Unfortunately, the question is for Senator Edwards. Senator Edwards, if General Petraeus has indicated that there was some success of these troops, would you still be in favor of withdrawing Iraq (sic) in a few months?LOSER I'm absolutely in favor of America leaving Iraq. What I'm concerned about, about the Petraeus report, is that it will be basically a sales job by the White House, that it'll be a PR document -- (applause) -- because that's what we've continually gotten from this administration, throughout the course of the war.And it will be focused on this benchmark or that benchmark than whether some minor progress has been made on one particular benchmark.The underlying question that has existed the entire time that we've been in Iraq is, have the Sunni and Shi'a moved toward some sort of serious political compromise? Because without that compromise, there cannot be peace or stability in Iraq. It cannot happen.And I think we know the answer to that right now. The answer to that question is there has been no political progress. In fact, the Iraqi parliament went on vacation for three or four weeks while American men and women were putting their lives on the line in Iraq.Here's what I believe. I believe no political progress means no funding without a timetable for withdrawal. And if the president vetoes a bill that has a timetable for withdrawal, the Congress should send him another bill with a timetable for withdrawal and continue to do it until he's forced to start withdrawing troops. (Cheers, applause.)
 Senator Clinton, the same question For the -- in the next few days, we'll have a report from General Petraeus. If the troop surge has had partial success in Iraq, would you still withdraw from Iraq?
 Senator Richardson, what would you do with the troops?LOSER What I would do with the troops is I would bring them all home -- every one of them. And you know, there's a fundamental difference that I raised in the last debate with Senator Obama, Senator Clinton, Senator Edwards. Under their plans, under their website, they leave either 25 or 50 or 75 troops behind. I'd bring them all home within a period of time of six to eight months, because our troops have become targets.You can't bring reconciliation to Iraq, or an all-Muslim peacekeeping force or a partition, without getting all our troops out. Our kids are becoming targets. They are dying -- the last three months, the highest total. Iraqis are dying.And I -- there is a basic difference between all of us here that I mentioned, involving, what do we do about leaving troops behind? Some say they want to leave combat troops behind. They don't want to leave them --
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much. (Applause.)The next question is for Senator Gravel. Osama bin Laden just reappeared in a video warning that the U.S. is vulnerable still. Just two days away from the sixth anniversary of 9/11 the question is this What would you do that hasn't already been done to capture bin Laden, which hasn't (been) done previously?
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)We want to go to Senator Dodd. The question The question isn't that in the past things haven't been done right, but what would you do differently to capture Osama bin Laden -- something that hasn't been done?
 Thank you, Senator.Now we're going to go to another topic, and we're going to go to the important subject of immigration. We're going to go to Senator Obama. None of the 9/11 terrorists entered the U.S. through the Mexican border. Why build a wall there in the name of national security on the Mexican border and not on the border with Canada? (Cheers, applause.)Senators -- I would like to mention that Senator Obama, Clinton and Dodd approved and voted in favor of the wall. Now you, Senator Obama.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)Senator Clinton, you also voted in favor of the wall. Why on the Mexican border and not on the Canadian border?
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you. (Applause.)Now, Senator Dodd, why did you vote in favor of the wall? Why not in Canada?LOSER Well, listen, I underscore the same points here. Obviously, any debate about immigration has to include security here. The American people feel strongly about it.But I would argue that while there may be a place periodically to have security along that border that include some fence, it's also important that we understand the underlying reason why people emigrate, and we're not focusing enough attention on that.We need to be dealing with our neighbor, Mexico, far more cooperatively. For 26 years, I've chaired the interparliamentary meeting with Mexico -- either been the chair or the co-chair of it. This is an ally, this is a friend, this is a neighbor. We need to be talking about the economic conditions which exist in Central America and elsewhere that drive people from their homes to seek an opportunity for their families. We need to have trading agreements and economic agreements that can lift people up and not continue to depress them, deprivingthem wages and working conditions that would allow them to live in their countries not have to emigrate and come to this country. (Applause.)So in addition to the security issues there, we're downsizing the guest worker program, making employers who knowingly hire undocumented workers pay a far greater price. We need to be far more cooperative and understand the underlying reasons that provoke immigration in the first place. (Cheers, applause.)
 Let's take a pause and then we'll return with more of this defeat on Univision, and we'll talk more about immigration. We'll be back in a moment. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 We continue from the University of Miami in this presidential -- Democratic presidential forum. Several questions we're doing for this forum have been proposed by users of univision.com. we've received 13,000 question. One's from -- (name inaudible) -- from Long Island. The question If you become president, by what date would you begin working on immigration reform? Would you commit to do it in your first year?Senator Kucinich.
 The same question, we're going to ask, about immigration to all the candidates. Would you commit during your first year of the presidency, to immigration reform?Governor Richardson.
 Thank you.
 Senator Edwards, now your time to respond.
 Thank you very much.Senator Gravel, your question. In your first year?
 Senator Clinton, immigration reform the first year?
 Senator Dodd, the same question.
 And finally, to be fair, so everybody has the opportunity to talk about immigration reform, Senator Obama.
 Thank you, Senator. (Applause.) The next question is for Senator Gravel. Some 60,000 families have been separated in federal raids, and more than 5 million children have been born in the United States to undocumented parents. If you reach the presidency, would you be willing to suspend the raids?
 Thank you, Senator Gravel. (Applause.)Governor Richardson, the same question. Would you stop the raids?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you. (Applause.)We didn't want to ask all the questions, so from univision.com they're still sending questions. This from Jorge Ramos.Do you believe Americans will work on a farm 10 hours in 105- degree weather for only 8.50 per hour? He would like to know if undocumented immigrants are necessary for the U.S. workforce?Senator Edwards.
 Thank you.Senator (sic) Kucinich, are undocumented immigrants necessary?
 Thank you.Senator Clinton, the negative tone of the immigration debate has left the country polarized and has created certain racist and discriminatory attitudes towards Hispanics, including legal residents and citizens of Hispanic origin. What would you do to curb anti- Hispanic, anti-Latino sentiment in particular?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Obama, the same question. What can be done to curb this anti- Hispanic sentiment?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.The same question, Senator Edwards. There's an anti-Hispanic sentiment in the United States. How can you curb that?
 Thank you, Senator.Now, if you like, let's talk about Latin America. You all know an anti-American sentiment as well as the number of governments leaning to the left in Latin America has increased in the last decade.To Senator Dodd, does -- to -- Governor.
 Thank you, Senator -- thank you, Governor. (Applause.)Also, another question for you, Senator Dodd. What will you do with Latin America?LOSER Well, Jorge, look, we have neglected Latin America for these last six years here. I'm old enough to remember when Richard Nixon's car was stoned in Caracas, Venezuela, in the late 1950s.And then, two years later, we elected an American president whose photograph still hangs in many huts and hovels from the Rio Grande to Tierra del Fuego.We need to re-engage once again here. I mentioned earlier, we're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the 500 billion we've spent there. We need to engage with the hopes and aspirations of people in this part of the world. The Good Neighbor Policy of a Franklin Roosevelt, the Alliance for Progress that Bill talked about -- re-engage, reconnect again with the hopes and aspirations of people in this part of the world.Expand the Peace Corps. I was a Peace Corps volunteer in the Dominican Republic back in the 1960s. What a difference it makes. It's a fraction of itself today. Sending young people, senior volunteers to once again reconnect with the people of this part of the world.We shouldn't, as I said earlier, be losing public relations battles to Hugo Chavez. We have more to say to the hopes and aspirations of people in Latin America than Hugo Chavez does if we engage directly, and I will as president of the United States. (Cheers, applause.)
 Thank you, Senator.Since you mentioned Hugo Chavez, this question is for Senator Edwards. Is Hugo Chavez a dictator? If he continues to be friends -- enemies of the U.S. like Iran and Cuba, would you end relations with Venezuela, or would you stop buying oil from Venezuela?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Gravel, the same question. Do you consider Hugo Chavez a dictator? Would you break relations with him?
 Thank you, Senator.This is the chance to speak about Cuba now. Senator Clinton, what do you think would happen in Cuba without Fidel Castro? And what role would theU.S. play after his death or in that transition?
 Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Senator.Senator Dodd, the same question. What would Cuba be like without Castro? And what's the role of the United States?
 The next question is for Representative Kucinich. Polls show that education is the main concern for Hispanics. One out of three Hispanic students does not finish high school. What can you do to curb this tendency, which endangers to some point the future of the productivity of the Hispanic community?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. (Continued (cheers, applause.)Senator Obama, please respond also. What do you think you could do to curb the Hispanic dropout rate?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Governor Richardson, do you think that bilingual education would help with dropout rates among Hispanics and young immigrants?
 Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)
 We're going to take a brief commercial break, and then we'll continue with this Democratic presidential forum from the University of Miami. We'll be right back. (Announcements.)
 We continue with this debate only in Spanish.And we're going to the next question, and this is a question for all the candidates. More than 40 million Americans lack health insurance. Among them are 13 million Hispanics, one in every three.Let's start with Senator Obama. Why is it so difficult to make health care accessible to everyone in the world's richest country?
 Thank you.Governor Richardson, regarding this issue, you would resolve this in one year. How would you do it, exactly?
 Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Governor.Senator Dodd, would your plan include -- your plan would include undocumented. That's even more ambitious. How would you extend this health care to them?
 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Senator Clinton, as first lady, your attempt to establish universal health insurance failed. What did you learn so you can be successful the next time?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Gravel, you've said that your medical bills led you to bankruptcy. How would you apply your personal experience in your plan?
 Thank you.Senator Edwards, must we raise taxes in order to provide health care for Americans?
 Thank you, Senator.And finally, Mr. Kucinich, everyone talks about the health care problem, recognizes that there are problems, but no one can fix it. What is the problem?
 Thank you. Thank you, thank you.
 Thank you.Many people are losing their homes in the United States, Senator Clinton. One out of every 12 Hispanics will lose their home because of the mortgage crisis. What's the role of the federal government to play to ensure that the American dream is not lost?
 Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)Senator Obama, what's the role of the government of the United States to keep people from losing their homes?
 Thank you, Senator.
 To finish, what would each one of you consider to be the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the United States?We go to you, Governor Richardson.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor. Thank you. (Applause.)Senator Dodd, the same question. What's the greatest contribution of the Hispanics in the United States?
 Thank you, Senator Gravel.Senator Edwards, what's the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the U.S.?
 Thank you, Senator.Representative Kucinich?
 Thank you.Senator Obama, the greatest contribution of Hispanics in the United States?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Clinton, the greatest contribution of Hispanics in this country?
 Now we've come to the end of this first presidential forum broadcast exclusively in Spanish. We'd like to thank all of you candidates. Thank you for having been with us in this first presidential forum broadcast exclusively in Spanish by Univision. We heard from you from the BankUnited Center from the University of Miami. We've heard the candidates. If you're a citizen, register and vote; make your voice count.Before we finish, we want to clarify that Univision News -- we have absolute journalistic independence, and our invitation stands to candidates of the Republican Party to participate in a forum just like this one, exactly the same, in Spanish.Thank you for joining us on this historic evening. Remember that you have the opportunity to change history. Thank you from the University of Miami, and thank you for watching Univision. Good night. (Cheers, applause.)
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this special edition of "This Week." We're back here at Drake University in Iowa for the first Democratic presidential debate in Iowa. It's been sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee. All of our guests here have been invited by the Iowa Democratic Party, and all eight Democratic candidates are here.The podium order was determined by lot, but here's where they stand in Iowa, according to our latest ABC News poll.At 27 percent, Illinois Senator Barack Obama. New York Senator Hillary Clinton is at 26 percent, as is former North Carolina Senator John Edwards, also at 26 percent. New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson is at 11 percent. Senator Joe Biden of Delaware is at 2 percent, along with Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich, also at 2 percent. Connecticut Senator Chris Dodd is at 1 percent. And former Alaska Senator Mike Gravel, no support registered.Candidates, welcome.(CROSSTALK)
 Not so bad, Senator Gravel. Maybe it'll go up after today.I'm joined here in the questioning by David Yepsen of the Des Moines Register, and we want to cover a lot of ground today. We want to cover the economy, health care, education, and of course the war.But let's start with the two questions that have really been dominating this race so far. I think Democrats across the country are struggling with these questions. It comes up in the dialogue between your campaigns.And the first one is Is Barack Obama ready to be president, experienced enough to be president?And can Senator Clinton, Hillary Clinton, in part because of your experience, bring the country together and bring about the kind of change that all of you say the country needs?
 Senator Biden, you stepped into this last week. You told Newsweek magazine that Senator Obama is "not yet ready" to be president.Senator Clinton, is he right?
 But, Senator Clinton, you did tell the Quad City Times that Senator Obama's views on meeting with foreign dictators are naive and irresponsible. Doesn't that imply that he's not ready for the office?
 Senator Dodd, you've called Senator Obama's views confusing and confused, dangerous and irresponsible. Do you think he's ready to be president?
 Senator Biden, it seems like your colleagues here don't want to reach the judgment that you've made. Why isn't Senator Obama ready?
 But Senator Biden, you did go beyond talking about Pakistan. You were asked Is he ready? You said, "I think he can be ready, but right now I don't believe he is. The presidency is not something that lends itself to on-the-job training."
 Is Senator Obama ready?
 Your answer?
 Senator Clinton, one of the areas that -- one of the things that Senator Obama just talked about is that he thinks that some of your differences aren't as great as people have said.Your campaign criticized Senator Obama after he made a comment ruling out the use of nuclear weapons against Al Qaida, yet, here's what you said last year when asked about Bush administration reports that they might use tactical nuclear weapons in Iran. Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 So Senator Obama rules out using them against Al Qaida. You rule out using them against Iran. What's the principal difference there?
 Do you accept that distinction?
 Senator Edwards, is there a difference or not?
 But is he right or wrong?
 The one I just asked, was there a difference between Senator Clinton and Senator Obama on this issue.
 Senator Gravel, then Governor Richardson.
 Let me turn now to the second question I raised, the topic question about Senator Clinton. And outgoing White House counsel Karl Rove opined on that this week. He was on Rush Limbaugh. Here's what he had to say.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)KARL ROVE There is no front-runner who has entered the primary season with negatives as high as she has in the history of modern polling. She's going into the general election with, depending on what poll you're looking at, in the high forties on the negative side and just below that on the positive side.And there's nobody who's ever won the presidency who started out in that kind of position.(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Now, Senator Obama, I know you're loathe to agree with Karl Rove on just about anything.
 But the Associated Press this week wrote an article. They talked to 40 Democratic activists and officeholders across the country. It led to the series of headlines across the country "Democrats worry Clinton may weigh down lesser candidates"; "Democrats worry Clinton may hurt the rest of the ticket."Are they right to be worried?
 But when you say that, are you saying that Senator Clinton is part of the failed politics of Washington, or not?
 So the answer is yes?
 Well, that is the fundamental question, though.
 And you're seeing that Senator Clinton is not?
 Senator Clinton, will you do it?
 Senator Clinton...
 How about this point, though, that Senator Edwards raises? He says the fact that you're taking money from lobbyists symbolizes that you're part of the status quo, part of the failed politics of Washington.
 Back to you, Senator. She says the distinction is artificial.
 Senator Dodd, I want to ask you...
 I want to ask...
 Senator Dodd, will you accept the challenge from Senator Edwards?
 Congressman Kucinich, is this debate over lobbyists real or artificial?
 Just called on you.
 I want to move on to another issue we're hearing about a lot from the voters from Iowa in the poll. More voters wrote in questions for us on the issue of Iraq than any other single issue.They all wanted to know what your plans were to get out of Iraq, and to get out safely from Iraq.Senator Biden, you've put up an ad, just this morning, here in Iowa, on that subject. Here's part of it.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 Let me turn the questioning, now, to David Yepsen.
 Governor Richardson, is that ad right, that Senator Biden is the only candidate with a plan?
 You're right. We do want to have a debate.Senator Biden, what's your reaction to that?
 Governor, quickly?
 Senator Clinton, help a Democrat out. You've got the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee saying one thing, and I've got a former U.N. ambassador saying something else. Who's right?
 So does that mean that Governor Richardson just is wrong when he says that all troops, all troops, except for protection of the embassy, can be out by the end of the year?
 I want to get everybody in on this question. First let me just find out if anybody agrees with Governor Richardson on this question.Senator Gravel, do you agree with Governor Richardson?
 So you would pull out. Senator Edwards...(CROSSTALK)
 Thank you.Senator Edwards, can all the troops be out, except for protection of the embassy, by December?
 By December. By Governor Richardson's plan.
 I want to find out what you all think.
 And I also want Senator Clinton and Senator Obama on that question. You go first.
 Senator Biden, I think everyone agrees, everyone is afraid of the things you just outlined right there.But this is a fundamental difference with respect, Senator Edwards.Governor Richardson says that every troop except for protection of the embassy can be out by December, and if they're not, then the conflict is going to continue.
 Wait...
 Senator Obama, where do you come down on this question? How many troops are going to have to stay for how long?
 Senator Obama, you've invoked the idea of conventional thinking a few times here, yet when I listen to what you're saying about what you would do in Iraq, now it sounds very similar to what Senator Clinton would do.Is there any difference between you and Senator Clinton on what you would do right now?
 Let me move on now. We've got a question -- we've got an e-mail question from Seth Ford of South Jordan, Utah.And he said, "My question is to understand each candidates' view of a personal God. Do they believe that, through the power of prayer, disasters like Hurricane Katrina or the Minnesota bridge collapse could have been prevented or lessened?"I'd like each of you to answer it. Let me start with you, Senator Clinton.
 We'll keep it up, and I'll just repeat it again.My question is to understand each candidate's view of a personal God. Do they believe that, through the power of prayer, disasters like Hurricane Katrina or the Minnesota bridge collapse could've been prevented or lessened?
 Senator Dodd?
 You have a direct pipeline, Congressman.
 Thank you, Congressman.Let's turn to another question from here in Iowa. It's on the subject of agriculture, close to a lot of Iowans' hearts. And it comes from Mr. Blaine Baincon (ph).(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION I'm Blaine Baincon (ph), a farmer from Massena, Iowa. I was wondering how you plan to help small farms as the large companies take over more farms.(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Edwards, you have criticized U.S. trade agreements. How do you fashion trade agreements to protect American workers, without in turn creating trade wars that hurt American farmers, Iowa farmers and what they're trying to sell abroad?
 Senator Clinton, how do you come down on that question of how do you protect American jobs in America without setting up a situation where other countries discriminate against the things we're trying to export, particularly agricultural exports?
 Senator Obama, how do you balance -- how do you protect jobs without hurting farmers?
 Governor Richardson, we have 20 seconds left until a commercial.Do you agree with Senator Obama's position that we should cap the subsidies to farms?
 You're going to get cut off by a commercial.(CROSSTALK)
 We'll be right back.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 You have no idea what's been going on behind me in the last 30 seconds, but welcome back to "This Week." We're continuing this Democratic debate here in Iowa.And I want to go to a question that came in over e-mail. It was from Robert Malzarek (ph) of Montgomery, Alabama.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION This question is for all the candidates.Unlike many others, I think that candidates may tell the truth, just not the whole truth and nothing but the truth. For example, when advocating a position or action, candidates downplay or simply ignore the likely negative side effects.Can you name a major issue where you didn't tell the whole truth and describe what you left out?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Senator Gravel?
 How about you, though, Senator?(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Biden, what's your answer to that question?
 Congressman Kucinich, you?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Edwards?
 That's what I'm asking you, the question -- right.
 Senator Clinton?
 But did you tell the whole truth when discussing it?
 Senator Dodd, where didn't you tell the whole truth?
 Senator Dodd, thank you. Let me turn, now, to an issue that hasn't been discussed enough in these debates so far. It's the issue of education. And, for that, let me bring David Yepsen back.
 Senator Dodd, should more effective -- I'm going to ask you about so-called performance-based pay. Should more effective teachers be paid less than effective ones?
 Senator Obama, performance-based pay. How would you do that without alienating the teacher's unions?
 Senator Clinton?
 Governor Richardson?
 I want to...
 I want to move on to health care now. It sounds like -- and let me just sum this up -- no one on the stage is for merit pay for teachers, specifically.(LOSER) I am.
 You are? OK, thank you.(LOSER) Well, and, George, I...
 Go for it.
 OK.
 OK, Senator Gravel.Go ahead.
 Congressman Kucinich, Senator Biden, both on this quickly.
 Senator Biden...
 We're running toward the end of the 90 minutes. I have a couple of quick questions, and then a final question.This is -- this is basically a yes-no question. We've seem all this turmoil in the markets over the last couple of weeks, caused by the credit crunch and the crisis in the mortgage markets.
 We saw, on Friday, the Federal Reserve lowered the discount rate for banks. Should they lower rates for everyone else, yes or no?
 Final round, final question, about 30 seconds each, please.You know, presidential biographers are always looking at the turning point in a life, the moment where an ordinary person went on the path to the presidency, the decisive moment.Congressman Kucinich, what's the decisive moment in your life?
 Decisive moment in your life that put you on the broader path.
 Governor Richardson?
 I've got to move on. We're going to run out of time. Sorry.
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Dodd?
 Last week, Senator Clinton.
 And that is the last word.Thank you all very much.These formalities out of the way, the lucky recipient of our first question has been determined by lottery. Senator Dodd, that would be you.Obviously, in the light of what happened in Minnesota last week, maintaining infrastructure requires spending, and how tax dollars are spent is a matter of priorities. What should we not build, what should we not be funding to see to it that our highways and our bridges and our tunnels and our mines are all properly maintained?
 Anderson Cooper, CNN host
 Our first question tonight is from Zack Kempf in Provo, Utah.Q (Laughs.) What's up? I'm running out of tape! I have to hurry! So my question is, we have a bunch of leaders who can't seem to do their job. And when we pick people based on the issues that they represent, but then when they get in power and they don't do anything about it anyway. If you're going to spend this whole night talking about your views on issues, but the issues don't matter if when you get in power, nothing's going to get done.We have Congress and the president with, like, a 30 percent approval rating, so clearly we don't think they're doing a good job. What's going to make you any more effectual, beyond all the platitudes and the stuff we're used to hearing? I mean, be honest with us How are you going to be any different?
 Senator Dodd, you've been in Congress more than 30 years. Can you honestly say you're any different?
 But 
 But if someone really wants a change, are you the guy to get it done?
 Senator Obama, your supporters say you are different. Your critics say you're inexperienced, you're a first-term senator.
 A lot of people say -- Congressman Kucinich, your supporters certainly say you are different. Even your critics would probably say you are different. Here's a direct question for you.DAVIS FLEETWOOD (Groton, Massachusetts) Hello. My name is Davis Fleetwood. I'm from Groton, Massachusetts. My question is for Dennis Kucinich. After watching the first several debates, which seemed more like conversations than actual debates, we're all clear out here that you Democrats are united. We get it.But we have a very important decision to make coming up very soon, and Americans desperate for a change need to know, Congressman Kucinich, how would America be better off with you as president than we would be if either Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama became president?
 What do you have that Senator Clinton and Senator Obama do not have?
 Senator Clinton, you were involved in that question. I want to give you a chance to respond. 30 seconds.
 Time. Senator Obama, you were involved in the question, as well.
 Our next question is for Senator Clinton. (Applause.)Q (Rob Porter, Irvine, California) Hi. My name is Rob Porter, and I'm from Irvine, California. I have a question for Hillary Clinton. Mrs. Clinton, how would you define the word "liberal"? And would you use this word to describe yourself? Thank you.
 So you wouldn't use the word "liberal." You'd say "progressive." Senator Gravel, are you a liberal?
 Your time is up.
 Senator Obama, I'm going to have to let you respond.
 Our next question is for Senator Biden.Q Hello. This question is for all of the candidates. Partisanship played a major role in why nothing can be done in Washington today. All of you say you will be able to work with Republicans. Well, here's a test. If you had to pick any Republican member of Congress or Republican governor to be your running mate, who would it be?
 All right. Stay on the topic. Senator Edwards? Any Republicans?
 Time.
 The other thing you're going to see tonight are candidate videos. We've asked each campaign to put together a 30-second YouTube-style video. The first one is from Senator Chris Dodd.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION Senator, I have to ask, what's with the white hair?
 There you go. Nothing wrong with white hair.
 Yes, sadly, my age is catching up to my hair.Almost 50 percent of South Carolina's Democrats are African-Americans. It's among the highest percentage of the nation. So we're giving a lot of questions from YouTube viewers on race tonight. This first one is for Senator Edwards. Let's listen.QUESTION Hello, America. Hello, presidential candidates. This is Will from Boston, Massachusetts. And I hope, you know, they put this question on. It's a question in the back of everybody's head. You know, in some people, it's further back than others, collecting cobwebs. But is African-Americans ever going to get reparations for slavery? I know you all are going to run around this question, dipping and dodging, so let's see how far you all can get.
 Senator Edwards, no dipping and dodging. Should African-Americans get reparations?
 Senator Obama, your position on reparations?
 Is anyone on the stage for reparations for slavery for African-Americans? Are you?
 Time.
 Our next question is for Senator Dodd.Q Do you believe the response in the wake of Hurricane Katrina would have been different if the storm hit an affluent, predominantly white city? What roles do you believe race and class played in the storm's aftermath? And if you acknowledge that race and class affected the response efforts, what can you do to ensure that this won't happen in the future? And what can you do to ensure this nation's most needy people, in times of crisis and always, something will be done to help them too?
 Governor Richardson, the Democrats talk a lot about the failure of the president with Hurricane Katrina. The governor of that state was a Democrat; the mayor of that city is a Democrat as well.
 Our next question comes from JordanMODERATOR.QUESTION Hello. My name is JordanMODERATOR, and I am a student at K.U., from Coffeyville, Kansas. This question is meant for Senator Obama and Senator Clinton. Whenever I read an editorial about one of you, the author never fails to mention the issue of race or gender, respectively. Either one is not authentically black enough, or the other is not satisfactorily feminine. How will you address these critics and their charges if one or both of you should end up on the Democratic ticket in '08?
 Senator Obama, how do you address those who say you're not authentically black enough?
 Not my question; Jordan's question.
 Senator Clinton, you have a minute as well since this question is to you.
 Senator Edwards...Senator Edwards, earlier this week, your wife said that you would be a better advocate for women than Senator Clinton. Was she right?
 We prefer you stay on the question...
 So do you think you're a better advocate for women than Senator Clinton?
 Senator Clinton, is he a better advocate for women?
 Our next question is on a topic that got a lot of response from YouTube viewers. Let's watch.Q Hi. My name is Mary. And my name is Jen. And we're from Brooklyn, New York. If you were elected president of the United States, would you allow us to be married to each other?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Senator Dodd, you supported the Defense of Marriage Act. What's your position?
 Governor Richardson?
 This next question is for Senator Edwards.Q I'm Reverend Reggie Longcrier. I'm the pastor of Exodus Mission and Outreach Church in Hickory, North Carolina. Senator Edwards said his opposition to gay marriage is influenced by his Southern Baptist background. Most Americans agree it was wrong and unconstitutional to use religion to justify slavery, segregation, and denying women the right to vote. So why is it still acceptable to use religion to deny gay American their full and equal rights?
 I should also point out that the reverend is actually in the audience tonight. Where is he? Right over here. Reverend, do you feel he answered your question?REVEREND This question was just a catalyst that promoted some other things that wrapped around that particular question, especially when it comes to fair housing practices. Also...
 Do you think he answered the question, though?REVEREND Not like I would like to have heard it...
 What did you not hear?REVEREND I didn't quite get -- some people were moving around, and I didn't quite get all of his answer. I just heard...
 All right, there's 30 seconds more. Why is it OK to quote religious beliefs when talking about why you don't support something? That's essentially what's his question.
 Senator Obama, the laws banning interracial marriage in the United States were ruled unconstitutional in 1967. What is the difference between a ban on interracial marriage and a ban on gay marriage?
 We're going to take a quick break, but before we go we're going to show another candidate video. This one is from the Clinton campaign. And then when we come back from the break, we'll see one from the -- from Senator Edwards' campaign.(MUSIC PLAYED FROMLOSER CAMPAIGN VIDEO)(COMMERCIAL BREAK)(MUSIC PLAYED FROM EDWARDS CAMPAIGN VIDEO)
 That was just one of the candidates' videos. If you're just joining us, that's one of the candidate videos you're going to be seeing throughout the evening as we go to commercial breaks.Let's turn international now. We've got a lot of international questions. Let's listen.QUESTION I'm Gabriel. And I'm Connie, from a refugee camp near Darfur.Before you answer this question, imagine yourself the parent of one of these children.What action do you commit to that will get these children back home to a safe Darfur and not letting it be yet another empty promise?
 Governor Richardson, what are you going to do? Would you commit American troops?
 You say U.N. troops. Does that mean American troops?
 Senator Biden, in the past, you've talked about NATO troops. What about American troops?
 Time.Senator Gravel?
 Actually, no, you've got to answer just directly the question, 30 seconds.
 Senator Clinton, would you agree with Senator Biden? American troops should got to Darfur?
 How about American troops on the ground?
 Just in the spirit of trying to get the answer, does that mean no American ground troops?
 OK, want to talk about Iraq tonight. Before we do, I just want to put a picture up on the screen.That's United States Marine Corps 1st Lieutenant Shane Chiders. He was a 2001 graduate of this college, The Citadel. March 1st, 2003, it was just after sunrise when Lieutenant Chiders and his platoon were on a mission to capture an oil pumping station from Iraqi soldiers before the Iraqi soldiers could destroy it.During the operation, a stray bullet hit him just below his body armor. Lieutenant Chiders became the first U.S. service man to die inside Iraq in Operation Iraqi Freedom.In all, 12 Citadel graduates died in either Afghanistan or Iraq since September 11th, 2001, and over 1,100 have served in those two countries. Tonight we acknowledge their sacrifices and the sacrifices of all our service men and women now serving in Iraq and Afghanistan.Our first question on Iraq tonight comes from Barry Mitchell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.QUESTION Mitch from Philadelphia.My question for all the candidates How do we pull out now? And the follow-up, are we watching the same blankin' war? I certainly wasn't a big fan of the invasion/liberation. It sickens me to hear about soldiers wounded and getting killed daily, not to mention innocent Iraqis, but how do we pull out now? The government's shaky; bombs daily.Don't you think if we pulled out now that would open it up for Iran and Syria, God knows who -- Russia -- how do we pull out now? And isn't it our responsibility to get these people up on their feet? I mean, do you leave a newborn baby to take care of himself? How do we pull out now?
 Senator Obama, how do we pull out now?
 Right...
 Senator Biden, how do we pull out now? That was the question.
 OK, time.
 Time.
 Another question on Iraq.QUESTION Thank you for taking my question. The 2006 election gave the Democrats in office a mandate to end the U.S. occupation of Iraq. Since that time, 800 of our military service members have died there.As the mother of an American soldier deploying to Iraq for a second time, I would like to know if the perception is true that the Democrats are putting politics before conscience.How many more soldiers must die while these political games continue in our government?Is the reason why we are still in Iraq and seemingly will be for some time due to the Democrats' fear that blame for the loss of the war will be placed on them by the Republican spin machine?
 Senator Clinton?
 Time.
 Congressman Kucinich, the Democrats have been in power for seven months. Nothing has changed in Iraq.
 OK. Senator...
 Senator Dodd -- we're going to see your campaign commercial.Senator Dodd, you're in the Congress. What about it? You've been in power seven months now. Nothing's changed in Iraq.
 No, no, no, no, let's not go to Darfur...
 The question, though, is Are the Democrats playing politics?
 Time.
 Time.
 The next question is for Senator Gravel.QUESTION My name is Don. I'm from West Virginia.My question is for Mike Gravel. In one of the previous debates you said something along the lines of the entire deaths of Vietnam died in vain.How do you expect to win in a country where probably a pretty large chunk of the people voting disagree with that statement and might very well be offended by it?I'd like to know if you plan to defend that statement, or if you're just going to flip-flop.Thanks.
 Senator Obama, are the soldiers dying in Iraq in vain?
 To the question of, did the troops -- are the troops dying in vain, though Yes or no?
 Senator Edwards, are the troops -- did the troops in Vietnam die in vain?
 Got another question -- this one's relatively short -- from a Tony Fuller. Let's listen.QUESTION My name is Tony Fuller from Wilson, Ohio, and I was wondering if the candidates feel women should register for the draft when they turn 18. Why or why not?
 Should women register for selective service when they turn 18 like men do currently?Senator Dodd?
 Senator Clinton, do you think women should register for Selective Service?
 Senator Obama, should women register for Selective Service?
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Gravel?
 Thank you. Do you think -- should women register?
 OK. Thank you for your answer.Another video.QUESTION Hello, my name is John McAlpin (ph). I'm a proud serving member of the United States military. I'm serving overseas.This question is to Senator Hillary Clinton. The Arab states, Muslim nations, believe it's women as being second-class citizens. If you're president of the United States, how do you feel that you would even be taken seriously by these states in any kind of talks, negotiations, or any other diplomatic relations? I feel that is a legitimate question.
 Time.
 Let's go to another YouTube video.QUESTION In 1982, Anwar Sadat traveled to Israel, a trip that resulted in a peace agreement that has lasted ever since.In the spirit of that type of bold leadership, would you be willing to meet separately, without precondition, during the first year of your administration, in Washington or anywhere else, with the leaders of Iran, Syria, Venezuela, Cuba and North Korea, in order to bridge the gap that divides our countries?
 I should also point out that Stephen is in the crowd tonight.Senator Obama?
 I just want to check in with Stephen if he believes he got an answer to his question.QUESTION I seem to have a microphone in my hand. Well, I'd be interested in knowing what Hillary has to say to that question.
 Senator Clinton?
 Senator Edwards, would you meet with Hugo Chavez, Fidel Castro, Kim Jong Il?
 Time.
 We've got another question on the subject.QUESTION Dear Presidential Candidates, see those three flags over my shoulder? They covered the coffins of my grandfather, my father, and my oldest son.Someday, mine will join them.I do not want to see my youngest sons join them.I have two questions. By what date after January 21st, 2009, will all U.S. troops be out of Iraq? And how many family members do you have serving in uniform?
 Senator Dodd.
 So you're saying that by January 21st, 2009, all U.S. troops would be out...
 Right.
 Governor Richardson?
 Is that even possible? Six months...
 Senator Biden?
 Senator Clinton?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 All right.
 We've got to take a short break. As we go to break, we're going to show another campaign commercial, this one from Senator Mike Gravel.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 And welcome back to the CNN/YouTube debate. That was obviously a YouTube-style video from Governor Richardson's campaign.This next question is on the topic of education.QUESTION Hi, my name is Sheena Currell. I'm from (inaudible), South Carolina.My question is Who was your favorite teacher and why?
 A little bit hard to hear. The question was Who was your favorite teacher and why?Senator Gravel?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Biden?
 Senator Edwards?
 All right. With the next question, you are going to have to pay attention both to the words, the music and to what is written on the screen.(VIDEO PRESENTATION)
 Governor Richardson, you have had to implement No Child Left Behind in your state. Would you scrap it? Revise it?
 Senator Biden, everyone on this stage who was in Congress in 2001 voted for No Child Left Behind. Would you scrap it or revise it?
 Our next question comes from South Carolina.QUESTION Hey, I'm Mike Green from Lexington, South Carolina. And I was wanting to ask all the nominees whether they would send their kids to public school or private school.
 The question is public school or private school. We know, Senator Clinton, you sent your daughter to private school.Senator Edwards, Obama and Biden also send your kids to private school.Is that correct?
 No?
 OK.(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Clinton?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Obama?
 I want to ask this question of everyone.Senator Biden?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 Senator Gravel?
 Senator Dodd?
 Let's try to stay on the topic.The next question comes from Pennsylvania.QUESTION Hi. My name is Anne, and I work at a Planned Parenthood in Pennsylvania.My question is, we here at Planned Parenthood support comprehensive sex education and I'd like to know if any of you as candidates have talked to your children about sex and used medically accurate and age-appropriate information?
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Obama, Mitt Romney has accused you this week of saying that 5-year-old children should be getting sex education. Was he right?
 All right.Now, time for something completely different.QUESTION Hey, there, my name's Jackie Broyles. And I'm Dunlap [2nd person on video]. We're from Red State Update. Murfreesboro, Tennessee. This here question's for all you candidates. Mainstream media seems awfully interested in old Al Gore these days. Is he losing weight? What's it say in his book? Is he still worried about all the ice? They interpret all these as signs that he may or may not run. They really want to know if Al Gore's going to run again. Yes. Well, what we want to know is does that hurt you-all's feelings?
 Anybody have their feelings hurt?No, you're all right about that?
 Yes?
 They can take it up with Jackie.We're not going to talk about Al Gore tonight, but we are going to talk about something that he talks a lot about. That's what our next question's about.QUESTION Hello, Democratic candidates. I've been growing concerned that global warming, the single most important issue to the snowmen of this country, is being neglected.As president, what will you do to ensure that my son will live a full and happy life?Thank you.
 It's a funny video. It's a serious question. Congressman Kucinich?
 Are the people on this stage, are your fellow candidates, are they green enough?
 Time.
 All right.Similar topic. Let's listen.QUESTION Hi, I'm Stephanie. We're in the Bay area, in my bathroom, because this is one of the places where I use compact fluorescent light bulbs. I use these to decrease my personal energy use, and I hear politicians talking about alternative energy to delay -- to decrease our energy impact as a whole.So my question for you is, how is the United States going to decrease its energy consumption in the first place? In other words, how will your policies influence Americans, rather than just using special light bulbs, to do this?
 Senator Gravel, how do you get Americans to conserve?
 Senator Dodd?
 The question was about personal sacrifice. I just want to ask a question to...
 So let me just ask a question to everyone on this stage. And I know we said we wouldn't do a lot of show of hands. This is probably the only one we'll do tonight.
 How many people here a private jet or a chartered jet to get here tonight?You're not sure?
 Yesterday, OK.(CROSSTALK)
 Senator Gravel, what was that? You took the train?
 OK.
 We've got another question on it's way now.
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Obama?
 Senator Clinton, what is Senator Edwards -- why is he wrong on nuclear power?
 Time.
 I want to go another YouTube video, another question.QUESTION Hi, everyone. My name's Melissa and I'm from San Luis Obispo, California.My question is for everyone In recent years, there's been so much controversy regarding dangling chads, then no paper trail in electronic systems.I know it costs money to amend things like that, but if I can go to any state and get the same triple grande, non-fat, no foam vanilla latte from Starbucks, why I can't I go to any state and vote the same way?QUESTION Don't you think that standardizing our voting practices will increase legitimacy, and possibly even voter turnout in our elections? What are you going to do to fix that? If you want, give me a call and I will make a standardized form for you.
 Governor Richardson?
 We're going to take a short break. We're going to go to break with a YouTube-style video from Senator Biden's campaign.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER Imagine you're trapped deep in a hole with a group of politicians debating.President Bush says the only way out of Iraq is to dig us deeper and deeper. But what if one leader stood up for us and said no, we can get out now, without leaving chaos behind?Joe Biden is the only one with the experience and the plan to end this war responsibly so our children don't have to go back.
 Welcome back. We still have a lot of YouTube videos we want to try to get to. This next one is about a pocketbook issue.Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION Hi. I'm Cecilla Smith.QUESTION And I'm Asanti Wilkins.QUESTION And we're from Pennsylvania, and my question is to all the candidates, and it's regarding the national minimum wage.Congress seems to never have a problem when it comes time to give themselves a raise. But when it came time to increase the minimum wage, they had a problem.My question to the candidates If you're elected to serve, would you be willing to do this service for the next four years and be paid the national minimum wage?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 So, it's pretty simple, yes or no. Minimum wage, by the way, goes up tomorrow to $6.55. In 2009, it will be $7.25.Senator Gravel, would you work for the minimum wage?
 Senator Dodd, would you work for the minimum wage?
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Edwards?
 Yes.Senator Clinton?
 Governor -- Governor Richardson, yes?
 OK.Senator Biden?
 Congressman Kucinich?
 So would you work for it?
 OK.
 By the way, you'd all get overtime, too. So don't worry about that.Let's watch another video here, another question.QUESTION This is Nancy McDonald from Wilmington, Delaware.QUESTION We all know that Social Security is running out of money, but people who earn over $97,500 stop paying into Social Security. What is up with that?
 Senator Dodd, what about that? The Congressional Research Service says that if all earnings were subject to payroll tax, the Social Security trust fund would remain solvent for the next 75 years.
 Do you support that?
 Senator Obama?
 Another question on Social Security.QUESTION What's the dirtiest little secret in Washington? The U.S. is going broke. With the retirement of the baby boomers, things are only going to get worse. Fed Chairman Bernanke has said Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security need to be radically changed to avoid this crisis, yet everything is business as usual in D.C.There are two solutions, both of which are politically unpopularRaise taxes or cut benefits. Which would you choose, and how would you convince the public to support you?
 Governor Richardson?
 Here's a question on taxes.QUESTION This here is a two-part question.(SINGING) Pay taxes on my clothes and food, pay taxes on my place, pay taxes on my moisturizer, I pay taxes on my weights. I pay taxes on my land. Every year, y'all make me pay. I pay tax on this guitar so I can sing for you today.My taxes put some kids in college I can't afford to send myself.Now, tell me, if you were elected president, what would you do to help?Also, I got a parking ticket last week. Could one of y'all pardon me?
 Senator Biden, this guy's overtaxed.
 I'm sorry. There's another tax question right here.QUESTION My name is Marcus Benson from Minneapolis. And I'd like to know, if the Democrats come into office, are my taxes going to rise like usually they do when a Democrats gets into office?
 Congressman Kucinich, are the taxes going to rise?
 One of the most popular topics that we got questions on was health care. We, frankly, were overwhelmed with videos on health care, so we put several of them together.I want to show you some personal stories.QUESTION Mark and Joel Strauss, Davenport, Iowa. Not every parent has the luxury of two loving sons to care for them during Alzheimer's.QUESTION My question for the candidates is, people like us -- the baby boomer generation -- is going to see a boom of Alzheimer's over the upcoming decades.What are you prepared to do to fight this disease now?QUESTION Hi. These are my grandmothers. Both of them suffered from diabetes and ultimately died of massive heart attacks.This is my mother. She suffers from diabetes and she's also had a heart attack.The statistics for women with heart disease are staggering. What I'd like to know is, how do each of you plan on addressing chronic disease and preventative health in your health care plans? I would like my mother to be around to see her grandchildren.QUESTION Hi. My name is Kim. I'm 36 years old and hope to be a future breast cancer survivor from Long Island. My chances for survivor aren't as good as they might be, however, because like millions of Americans, I've gone for years without health insurance that would have allowed me to take preventative medicine.QUESTION What would you as president do to make low-cost or free preventive medicine available for everybody in this country?Thank you.(VIDEO CLIP)
 Senator Obama, 45 million uninsured Americans. Senator Edwards says your plan doesn't really provide universal coverage.Does it?
 Senator Edwards...
 Senator Edwards, does Senator Obama provide universal coverage?
 Senator Clinton, this goes back to the first question that we got. How is it going to be any different under your administration?
 All right. I've got another question on health care.Let's watch.QUESTION Hi, this is Lucia Ballie (ph) for a group of friends on the east side of L.A. And our question is Does your health care plan cover undocumented workers?QUESTION Thank you.
 Senator Dodd?
 Would your plan cover undocumented workers?
 So that's a yes?
 Let's try to answer the question.
 Would your plan, Governor Richardson, cover undocumented workers?
 OK. Another question from a YouTube viewer.QUESTION Hi. My name is Chris Nolan and I'm a Democratic precinct committeeman from Mundelein, Illinois. And my question is for Hillary Clinton.With Bush, Clinton, and Bush again serving as the last three presidents, how would electing you, a Clinton, constitute the type of change in Washington so many people in the heartland are yearning for, and what your campaign has been talking about?I was also wondering if any of the other candidates had a problem with the same two families being in charge of the executive branch of government for 28 consecutive years, if Hillary Clinton were to potentially be elected and then re-elected.QUESTION Good luck. And, whoever becomes the nominee, I'm pulling for you.QUESTION Go Democrats!
 The question is for Senator Clinton.
 Time.
 Thirty seconds, Senator Gravel. Do you have a problem with it?
 Time's up.
 Since you went to Senator Obama, we'll let you respond, if you want.
 In our remaining...
 In our remaining few minutes, the questions turn to two subjects -- God and guns. First question.QUESTION Hi, I'm Zenne Abraham in Oakland, California. The cathedral behind me is the perfect backdrop for this question. This quarter reads "United States of America." And when I turn it over, you find that it reads "liberty, in God we trust." What do those words mean to you? Thank you.
 Senator Biden.
 Here's a question from the other side of the coin.QUESTION Good evening. My name is Stephen Marsh of Thousand Oaks, California, proud citizen of the United States of America that does not believe in God. However, the former President Bush said this statement was an oxymoron.Now, I am worried about the amount of time given to evangelical concerns while secular voters are more or less getting a snubbed -- the faith and politics forum.So my question is this Am I wrong in fearing a Democratic administration that may be lip service to the extremely religious as much as the current one? And if so, why? Thank you for your time.
 Senator Edwards?
 Senator Obama?
 Another question regarding guns.QUESTION Good evening, America. My name is Jered Townsend from Clio, Michigan.To all the candidates, tell me your position on gun control, as myself and other Americans really want to know if our babies are safe.This is my baby, purchased under the 1994 gun ban. Please tell me your views.Thank you.
 Governor Richardson, you have one of the highest NRA ratings.
 Senator Biden, are you going to be able to keep his baby safe?
 Time.
 We got one more question. Before...
 And this last...
 This last question from a YouTube viewer will be asked to each of you.QUESTION My name is Jason Koop, and I am from Colorado Springs, Colorado. And my question is for all of the candidates, and it is intended to lighten up the mood a little bit.I would like for each of you to look at the candidate to your left and tell the audience one thing you like and one thing you dislike about that particular candidate. And remember, be honest.
 Senator Gravel?
 Senator Dodd?
 You're not going to answer the question. All right.Senator Edwards?
 Senator Clinton?
 All right. I'll take that as you're not going to answer.Senator Obama?
 Governor Richardson?
 Senator Biden?
 Congressman Kucinich, talk about Senator Gravel.
 Well...
 I'm not sure it would be possible to find anybody.
 All right. We'll leave it at that.I want to thank all the candidates tonight. CNN and YouTube would also like to thank all our partners, the South Carolina Democratic Party and the Democratic National Committee, for sponsoring tonight's big debate.We want to thank our host, The Citadel.September 17th is the Republican debate. I want to encourage everyone to submit their questions via YouTube. You can start doing that right away. All you've got to do is go to YouTube.com, click on the link.Thanks very much, everyone.Good night.ParticipantsSenator Joseph Biden, Jr. (D-Del.)Senator Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.)Senator Christopher Dodd (D-Conn.)Former Senator John Edwards (D-S.C.)Former Senator Mike Gravel (D-Ak)Representative Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio)Senator Barack Obama (D-Ill.)Gov. Bill Richardson (D-N.M.).
Tavis Smiley, host of "Tavis Smiley" on PBS.PanelistsMichel Martin, journalist and NPR host;Ruben Navarrette, Jr., nationally syndicated columnist;Dewayne Wickham, USA Today and Gannett News Service columnist.
 To ask the first question tonight, I'm pleased to be joined by Crecilla Cohen Scott from Bowie, Maryland. She is a winner of our online contest in which we asked the listeners of the Tom Joyner Morning Show to submit questions to the website, BlackAmerica.com. This question will go first to Senator Clinton, and we'll work our way, of course, down the line. Please welcome, from Bowie, Maryland, Crecilla Cohen Scott for tonight's first question.CRECILLA COHEN SCOTT (Bowie, MD) (Applause.) Good evening, candidates. In 1903, the noted intellectual W.E.B. DeBoise said the problem of the 20th century is the problem of the color line. Is race still the most intractable issue in America, and especially, I might add, in light of today's U.S. Supreme Court decision which struck down the use of race as a factor in K through 12?
 I want to thank Crecilla Owen Scott for her question. Crecilla, thank you very much. (Applause.)SCOTT (Off mike) -- thank you --
 Please thank Crecilla for her question. (Applause.) It just -- it just seemed to make sense to us to start this conversation with a question from an everyday person in America.Now I want to turn over this conversation to a terrific panel of journalists I've asked me to -- join me in handling questions this evening. Although I may use moderator discretion if necessary -- (mild laughter) -- from time to time to remind you of that clock out there. So that you can know that we're keeping answers, by the way, to one minute per person.First up, DeWayne Wickham, syndicated columnist for USA Today and the Gannett News Service. (Applause.) Next, Michel Martin, former "Nightline" correspondent and now host of her own NPR show called "Tell Me More." (Applause.) And Ruben Navarette, Jr., nationally syndicated columnist and member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune. (Applause.) DeWayne Wickham's question will be answered first by Senator Joe Biden.
 Thank you, Tavis. This question is about the link between education and poverty. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in 2006 the unemployment rate of black high school graduates -- black high school graduates -- was 33 percent higher than the unemployment rate for white high school dropouts. To what do you attribute this inequity, which keeps many black families locked in the grip of poverty?
 Senator Biden.
 Sorry about that. (Applause.) Thank you very much, sir.Governor.
 Governor --
 Senator Edwards.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Obama?
 Senator Dodd? Yeah, time's up. I'm sorry. Senator Dodd?
 Senator Dodd.
 Thank you, Senator.
 The next question, from Michel Martin of NPR, will be answered first by Governor Richardson.MARTIN Thank you, Tavis.Good evening, Governor. Good evening, candidates. I'm sure you'll agree there are a lot of beautiful young people out here in the audience today, and we're very pleased to be here at Howard University. So you can imagine how disturbed we were to find out from the Centers for Disease Control that African-Americans, though 17 percent of all American teenagers, they are 69 percent of the population of teenagers diagnosed with HIV/AIDS.Governor and candidates, what is the plan to stop and to protect these young people from this scourge?
 Governor, you have --
 Thank you very much.Senator Edwards.
 Senator Obama.
 Thank you, sir.Congressman? (Applause.)
 Senator Gravel?
 Senator, thank you.Senator Dodd.
 Senator Dodd.
 Senator Dodd. (Laughter.)
 Senator Clinton.
 Yeah, and I -- Senator.
 Senator Dodd.
 Senator Dodd, and I was going to say, well -- you Paris Hilton, you'd have an hour, but you're not, so -- (laughter).
 Senator Biden.
 Thank you.
 Ah.
 All right.
 All right.
 And I'm sure Michelle appreciates you clarifying it.
 Let me take now moderator's privilege here. We unapologetically tonight want to cover as much as we can, and I know the candidates appreciate topics they haven't had a chance to address heretofore. So after the question that Mr. Navarrette will ask, that will be first answered by Senator Edwards, we will then cut your responses to 30 seconds to cover more subject matter tonight. And I thank you for your cooperation.But you will have a minute --
 You have a minute to answer this question, a minute to answer this question. Then we'll go to 30 seconds for the remainder of the conversation.
 Mr. Navarrette.NAVARRETTE Thank you, Tavis.This week billionaire Warren Buffett said that the very wealthy aren't taxed nearly enough. In fact, he noted -- (applause) -- in fact, he noted that he's taxed at a lower rate than some of his employees, who earn much less. Do you agree that the rich aren't paying their fair share of taxes? And if so, what would you do about it?
 Senator Edwards --
 Thank you, sir. (Applause.)
 Congressman? (Applause.)
 Senator Gravel? (Cheers, applause.)
 Senator Gravel, thanks.
 Senator Dodd.
 Thank you.Senator Clinton.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Biden.
 Thank you, Senator Biden. (Applause.)Governor?
 Governor?
 Governor?
 Thank you, sir.
 Your time --
 Yeah, thank you.
 Yes -- you are, and I thank you. (Laughter.) As I asked -- as I asked your cooperation of a moment ago again, we unapologetically wanted this conversation to be different, to cover as many subjects as much as we could, in terms of subject matter. So DeWayne Wickham's question now will be answered first by Senator Obama -- 30 seconds, and we'll cover a lot more ground. Thank you.
 Okay. Okay, please stay with me on this one.According to FBI data, blacks were roughly 29 percent of persons arrested in this country between 1996 and 2005. Whites were 70 percent of people arrested during this period. Yet at the end of this 10-year period, whites were 40 percent of those who were inmates in this country, and blacks were approximately 38 percent. What does this data suggest to you?
 Senator Obama.
 Thank you, sir. I love you, but I'm trying to keep this moving.Yes, sir, Congressman.
 Senator Gravel.
 Senator Dodd.
 Senator Clinton.
 Senator Biden.
 Senator --
 Thank you, Senator Biden. (Applause.)Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Edwards.
 Thank you, sir.Michel Martin's next question will be answered first by Congressman Dennis Kucinich. Michel.MARTIN Congressman, would you support a federal law guaranteeing the right to return to New Orleans and other Gulf regions devastated by Hurricane Katrina, based on the United Nations Human Rights Standards Governing the Internal Displacement of Citizens?
 Congressman --
 Thank you.Michel -- (applause) -- on this end, they could not hear the question. Could you repeat it again, right quick?MARTIN Okay. The question is, would you support a federal law guaranteeing the right to return to New Orleans and other Gulf regions devastated by Hurricane Katrina, based on the United Nations human rights standards governing the internal displacement of citizens -- and I can go further -- that includes the requirement that authorities establish conditions and provides the means to allow internally displaced persons to return voluntarily in safety and dignity?
 Thank you.Senator Gravel, 30 seconds.
 Senator Dodd?
 Senator Clinton? (Light applause.)
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Biden.
 Senator -- Governor.
 Governor?
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.Senator Edwards.
 Senator?
 Thank you very much. (Applause.)Senator Obama.
 Thank you.Ruben.NAVARRETTE Thank you.
 Ruben's question will be asked -- answered, rather, first by Senator Gravel. Yes, Ruben.NAVARRETTE A lot of Americans are concerned with outsourcing of U.S. jobs. Most corporations, I think it's fair to say, don't share that concern. In fact, they argue that we're living in a global economy and Americans have to compete in that environment. Which side are you on? And if you agree that outsourcing is a problem, what's your solution?
 Senator Gravel, thank you.Senator Dodd.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator Dodd.Senator Clinton.
 Thank you, Senator. Senator Biden.
 Thank you, Senator Biden.Governor Richardson.
 Thank you, Governor. Thank you very much.Senator Edwards.
 Senator Obama.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)Congressman.
 As I look at my watch, we're down to about five minutes in this conversation. This will be the last question, unfortunately. We've done a good job of covering a variety of subject matter different than the previous conversation, but DeWayne, very quickly, this will be the last question, and it will start with Senator Dodd.
 This question is about Darfur. This is the second time that our nation has had a chance to do something about genocide in Africa. The first came in Rwanda in 1994, when we did nothing as more than a half a million people were slaughtered there. What does this country's unwillingness to move aggressively to end the slaughters that take place in Darfur today -- what does it say about our claim to moral leadership?
 Senator Dodd.
 Thank you, Senator Dodd.Very quickly, Senator Clinton.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Biden.
 Senator Biden. Thank you, sir.Governor Richardson.
 Governor, I got to --
 I hate to cut you off.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator -- thank you very much.Senator Edwards? Thank you very much. Senator Edwards? (Applause.)
 Senator Edwards --
 Thank you. Thank you very much. I got just a few seconds.Senator Obama? (Applause.)
 Congressman, I've got 15 seconds for you and 15 seconds for Mr. Gravel, very quickly.
 Congressman --
 Congressman, thank --
 Congressman, I hate to cut you off. I got to get at least a quick response from Senator Gravel.
 We are up against the clock. My thanks to all. Please thank all the candidates for joining us tonight. We'll see you again September 27th for the Republican All-American Presidential Forum. Until then, good night from Washington. Thanks for watching. And as always, keep the faith. (Applause.)
 Let's meet the candidates. We've asked for no opening statements. However, I would like to ask each candidate to, in one short sentence -- and the emphasis is on the word "short" -- short sentence, about five seconds or so, to introduce themselves to the voters of New Hampshire.Let me begin with an example of what I have in mind. I'm Wolf Blitzer, and I'm with CNN. (Laughter.)Let's start across the stage and go to Mike Gravel.Senator, why don't we begin with you, and then we'll go down the line.
 Excellent. You did very, very well. (Laughter.) I think all of us are really happy about that.Let's begin our questions right now. We're going to start with Scott Spradling of WMUR-TV. He has the first question.Scott.
 Does the Bush administration, Senator, deserve any credit for the fact there's been no terrorist attack here in the United States for nearly six years?
 Senator Edwards, let me let you clarify what you said the other day. You said the war on terror is a bumper sticker, not a plan. With the news yesterday, this alleged plot at JFK which could have done supposedly horrendous damage and caused incredible number of casualties, do you believe the U.S. is not at war with terrorists?
 Senator Clinton, do you agree with Senator Edwards that this war on terror is nothing more than a bumper sticker, at least the way it's been described?
 Congressman Kucinich, you voted against the Patriot Act when it was first introduced; you've since voted against it. But some would say yesterday's plot that was described by the FBI underscores the need for precisely that kind of tough measure to deal with potential terrorists out there.
 All right. We got to move on to the next question. I want to go back to Scott. Go ahead, Scott.
 Senator Biden, why are you reluctant to say now they were wrong and you were right?
 Senator Clinton, you've voted in favor of every funding for the U.S. troops since the start of the war until now. And some are accusing and some others of playing politics with the lives of the troops. What is your response?
 Senator Obama, you did the same thing. Since you came in to the Senate you voted for the funding for the troops for this war until now. What's your answer?
 I'm going to come to Governor Richardson in a moment.But Senator Edwards, where, if at all, do you disagree with any of your Democratic colleagues, Democratic candidates on this issue of the troops, the funding of the war, how to get out?
 All right.
 Do you want to name names?
 It is to me, but it might not be to some of the viewers out --
 All right.
 I'm going to give both of them a chance to respond to you.Senator Obama.
 All right.Senator Clinton.
 All right.
 All right.
 Let me let Senator Edwards respond.Are the differences minor between you and these Democratic candidates?
 All right.
 Let me let Senator Dodd -- he voted against the funding as well. Senator?
 All right.
 Well, Governor -- I want Governor Richardson to weigh in, because I know you've been very, very concerned about what's happening with the genocide in Darfur. What if some of the critics, some of the supporters of this war are right, and a unilateral, quick U.S. withdrawal from Iraq -- and you want troops out by the end of this year -- does lead not only to an increased civil war but to genocide in Iraq? What moral responsibility does the United States have to deal with that scenario?
 But what about genocide? What about the possibility of genocide?
 But what about Iraq, if it were, God forbid, to happen?
 All right --
 Hold on one second. We're going to get back to this. I want to let Senator Gravel, he hasn't had a chance to speak yet.Senator Gravel, I know you've been outspoken on all of these issues. Where very briefly do you disagree with these other Democratic candidates?
 Let's go to the next question from Tom.Go ahead, Tom.AUDIENCEYes, thank you.Congressman Kucinich, the New Hampshire union leader asked --
 I don't know if we're having trouble with this mike. I'll read you his question.The union leader, the main newspaper here in New Hampshire, asked readers to e-mail their questions. Here's one from Michael Pelletier, a major in the New Hampshire National Guard."Can you tell me if the mission we accomplished during our deployment in Iraq was worth our effort and sacrifice, or was it a waste of time and resources?
 All right.
 Senator Biden.
 All right.SEN.// Wolf?
 Hold on. I want to bring Senator Clinton in.Senator Clinton, do you regret voting to authorize the president to use force against Saddam Hussein in Iraq without actually reading the National Intelligence Estimate, the classified document laying out the best U.S. intelligence at that time?
 So let me just be precise; that the question was, do you regret not reading the National Intelligence Estimate?
 Senator Edwards, you didn't read that National Intelligence Estimate either. Do you regret that?
 All right.
 Senator Obama, you didn't think the war was the right thing to do, even though you weren't in the U.S. Senate, you didn't have access to any intelligence information at the time. Do you think someone who authorized the use of force to go to war in Iraq should be president of the United States?
 All right.
 Senator Gravel, do you think someone who voted to authorize the president to go to war should be president of the United States?
 When you say --
 All right. Senator Clinton, do you want to respond?
 We have to move on to the next question. I want to go back to Tom.Tom, hopefully your microphone is working.FAHEY Yeah, I'm hoping, too.Governor Richardson, a question on immigration. Despite your doubts about the immigration bill that's now pending in the U.S. Senate, you support granting legal status to about 12 million people who have entered this country illegally. Why is this not an amnesty program?
 All right, I don't know if all the candidates could hear your microphone, so I'm going to re-read his question to make sure all of you heard it.The question is directed to Governor Richardson. Governor Richardson, despite your doubts about the immigration bill pending in the Senate, you support granting legal status to roughly 12 million people who have entered the United States illegally. Why is this not an amnesty program?
 Well, let me get back to the question. Almost all of these 12 million illegal immigrants who are here would qualify for this new Z Visa, which would make them legal residents of the United States, so here's the question Why isn't this amnesty?
 Why?
 All right.
 All right.
 All right.
 Senator Biden, let me weigh -- let you weigh in. You voted last year to support this immigration legislation, including the construction of an approximately 700-mile fence along the border between the United States and Mexico. Governor Richardson doesn't think there needs to be such a fence.Why is he wrong?
 If you don't think there needs to be a fence, why did you vote for that legislation?
 Let me bring back Senator Obama.You also voted for that legislation, including the construction of that fence, and some say, to be even-handed, if you want to build a fence along the border with Mexico, we should also build a fence along the border with Canada.
 All right. We're going to move on to the next question. But before we do, one related question. And I'm going to periodically ask you to raise your hand if you agree or you -- if you agree with the question.And I want you to raise your hand if you believe English should be the official language of the United States. (Pause.) The only hand I see is Senator Gravel.
 All right, hold on.
 All right. Hold on. We're going to save our applause till the end, please.Senator Clinton.
 Senator Dodd, you know most of the polls show an overwhelming majority of the American public favors making English the official language of the United States.
 All right.
 We're going to --
 All right. We're going to go on to the next question because our time is obviously limited.Scott, go ahead.
 Yes.SEVERAL CANDIDATES Yes.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, sir.
 Let me let Senator Obama weigh in, because you did release your plan that Senator Edwards says is not really a universal health care plan because it isn't mandatory on everyone. I wonder if you'd want to respond to him.
 Senator Clinton, you've been involved in this issue, as all of us remember --
 -- for a long time. What do you think of Senator Obama's plan?
 And -- and Senator Clinton, you can do that without raising taxes?
 All right.Governor Richardson, I want you to weigh in, and then I'll let Senator Dodd weigh in.
 But can you do it national health care --
 -- universal health care without raising taxes?
 Thank you.
 All right.
 Thank you, Governor.I promised Senator Dodd he could weigh-in as well.
 All right.
 I'm going to --
 I'm going to move on to the next question.
 I'll let Senator Edwards and then Congressman Kucinich. I have a specific question for Congressman Kucinich, but go ahead.
 All right.
 All right.
 Senator Obama.
 All right.
 All right.
 Hold on one second. I promised Congressman Kucinich.Go ahead.
 All right.
 All right. Hold on. No applause.
 All right. Let's go to the next question. Tom.FAHEY Let's try this now. This is my voice.Senator Clinton, you've said that it's time to allow gays and lesbians to serve openly in the U.S. military and end the "don't ask, don't tell" policy that was implemented when your husband was president. Was President Clinton's policy of "don't ask, don't tell" a mistake?
 All right. So, Senator Clinton, the question was, was your husband's decision to allow this "don't ask, don't tell" policy to go forward -- he was president of the United States, he could have changed it -- was it a mistake?
 All right. But you know, Senator Biden, there are still a lot of military commanders out there, including the current chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Peter Pace, who say keep the current policy. "Don't ask, don't tell" -- it would be demoralizing, it would be bad for military readiness to change that policy and let gays and lesbians serve openly in the U.S. military.
 Senator --
 Well, let me just do a show of hands. If you think it's time to get rid of the "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the U.S. military, raise your hands. (Applause.)
 All of you agree on this.But, Governor Richardson, go ahead.
 All right.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator Edwards, I want you to weigh in on a related question.The governor of New Hampshire is here with us tonight. He just signed legislation into law in this state allowing civil unions. There are -- (applause, cheers). All right, let's try to keep the applause down.The question is this Is it time to move beyond that and let gays and lesbians get married?
 All right.
 All right.
 All right. We got to move on to the next question.Let me throw it back to Scott.
 Governor Richardson, if you were president of the United States, the question is, what would you do with former President Bill Clinton?
 What about you, Senator Obama? Arguably, Bill Clinton might be the most popular Democrat out there among Democrats.If you were elected president, what would you have him do?
 All right.
 Well, let her -- let her tell us, if you were president, Senator Clinton --
 -- what would your husband do?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Let's go back to Scott for another question.
 Thank you, Senator. But the question is, what would you do right now to reduce the price of gasoline?
 Senator Gravel?
 Senator Edwards?
 But, Governor Richardson, you're a former secretary of Energy. Are the oil companies, the big oil companies engaged in price gouging of the American consumer?
 But do you believe they are? Do you believe they are?
 All right.
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.
 All right, Governor. Hold on. I'm going to let Senator Biden weigh in as well. What would you do specifically? Senator Biden, give it to us briefly, to reduce -- if you want to reduce the price of gasoline in the United States.
 All right. I want everybody to stand by because we're only getting started. We're going to continue all of this, but we're ready to shift into part two of tonight's debate, where voters from New Hampshire here will start asking specific questions. We have some work to do on this stage. While we move in some of the chairs, move out the podiums, while we watch that unfold and you'll see it, viewers of WMUR are going to go back to their studios. The rest of you are going to go and see our colleagues Anderson Cooper and the best political team on television. They're going to give us a sense of this debate so far.Our debate will resume here in about three minutes. We'll be right back.(Break.)
 We're back here at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire. We're now set for our voters to question the candidates. Our pool of voters here are either registered Democrats or independents likely to vote Democratic in the New Hampshire, first-in-the-nation primary. We brought them together with help from the New Hampshire Political Library and the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. CNN producers have interviewed all of them.And working with me in this half of the debate is Jennifer Vaughn from our partner WMUR-TV. Jennifer has the first question.JENNIFER VAUGHN (WMUR-TV) Wolf, thank you. Good evening, everybody.Our first question from the audience tonight is from Jennie LeBranch. She's an elementary school teacher from Manchester, New Hampshire.Jennie, you are also the wife of a soldier who is serving in Iraq.Q That's correct.
 And I understand that you have had a very difficult week, haven't you?Q Yes. Unfortunately, we lost two soldiers in my husband's team to an IED explosion.
 What's on tap next?Q Well, we got to finish the mission. And we're all Army Strong, and we want to bring all our guys and gals home and continue with -- I guess every day --
 Jennie, what's your question for the candidates tonight?Q My question is, what is your vision on ending major military operations, and how do you plan on rebuilding the military after such many years of conflict?
 All right, let me throw that question to Congressman Kucinich because he's been outspoken on a lot of these issues.
 But her question was specifically, what would you do to rebuild the military, which seems to be pretty stretched right now? What -- do you have a plan?
 All right. I'm going to bring everybody in, but Senator Obama, you want to increase the size of the U.S. military by almost 100,000 troops. That's going to cost billions and billions of dollars. What do you say to Congressman Kucinich, who says he wants to cut the size of the U.S. military?
 Senator Dodd, are there relics of the Cold War, big tickets, military items, that you would cut?
 All right.
 But is there a specific military program --
 -- you would --
 Thank you, Senator.Jennifer, back to you.
 Okay, Wolf, thank you very much.Carol Kilminster is with us tonight. Carol, you live in Merrimack, New Hampshire, you're a social worker. Your son is serving in Iraq.Q That's correct.
 Can you tell us his name?Q James.
 What is your question for the candidates tonight?KILMINSTER My question is, why is it that veterans cannot receive medical services at the hospital of their choice?
 Senator Obama, let's have you answer this question. You serve on the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs.
 All right.
 So -- so what you're saying is they should be allowed -- veterans -- not just to have to go to Veterans Affairs hospitals, but go to regular hospitals as well.
 Governor?
 All right.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Gravel, you served in the military during the Korean War. Have you had any experiences with the Veterans Affairs Department as a veteran yourself?
 So you're satisfied or unsatisfied?
 All right.
 What about that --
 But the question he asked specifically was, did you know about the problems at Walter Reed before you read about them in The Washington Post?
 All right. Let's go back to Jennifer for another question.
 Well, thank you. Paulie Kern (sp) is here with us tonight. Hi, Paulie (sp). You live in Hancock, New Hampshire. You are a retired legal secretary. You have a question about Iran tonight. You lived there in the late '60s.PAULIE KERN Yes. That's particularly the reason why I have the question about Iran. I'd like to ask, how would you approach solving the problem we have with Iran today? Would you use force or would you use diplomacy? And if you use diplomacy, what would you do?
 All right. Let's let Senator Clinton first respond to that.
 All right.
 So what happens, Senator, if diplomacy, when all is said and done, fails?
 Senator Edwards, how far would you go, if necessary, to stop Iran from building a nuclear bomb?
 All right.
 But you're saying only economic sanctions, not a military threat that should be on the table. Is that what you're saying?
 What about that, Senator Biden? You're the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. If you got word from the U.S. intelligence community that Ahmadinejad and his government were on the verge of having a nuclear bomb capable of hitting targets in the region on missiles, what would you do?
 All right, Senator, thank you for that.Let's go back to Jennifer.
 Okay, Wolf, thank you. Matthew Masur, how are you?MATTHEW MASUR Hi. Fine, thank you.
 You're a faculty here.MASUR Yeah, I'm a professor of history.
 And you live in Concord, New Hampshire?MASUR I do.
 What is your question tonight?MASUR A number of the candidates have talked about alliance-building, and I wanted to ask about a specific country. The U.S. has had close relations with Pakistan as part of the war in Afghanistan and part of the war on terror. How do you reconcile our security interests with Pakistan with our interest in promoting liberal democracy if Pakistan is not a democratic country?
 Let's throw that question to Senator Clinton.
 All right.
 Congressman Kucinich, if you were president of the United States and the intelligence community said to you, "We know where Osama bin Laden is, he's in Pakistan. We've got a specific target, but he's only going to be there for 20 minutes. You got to give the order, yes or no, to take him out with a HELLFIRE missile, but it's going to kill some innocent civilians at the same time," what would be your decision?
 Senator Obama, you want to respond?
 All right.
 I just want everybody to raise their hand and tell me if you agree that if the U.S. had intelligence that could take out Osama bin Laden and kill him, even though some innocent civilians would die in the process, would you, as president, authorize such an operation? If you would raise your hand.
 All right.
 All right, we're going to go on to the next question from Jennifer.But Senator Edwards, you really want to weigh in.
 And Pakistan's a nuclear power also.Jennifer, go ahead.
 Jeff Turiel is here with us tonight. You are a psychologist at Nashua High School.Would that be Nashua North?Q Nashua North, that's correct.
 What's your question tonight?Q I would like to address the crisis in Darfur. At this time as many as 400,000 people have been killed, millions are -- more without food and shelter. If you were elected president, what role do you think the United States should play in addressing this terrible tragedy?
 Go ahead, Senator.
 All right. Raise your hand if you agree with Senator Biden that the United States should use military force to stop the genocide in Darfur.
 Hold on. Hold on!
 We start with a no-fly zone, but very often, Senator Clinton, that could move on to other operations.
 Governor, would you use force to save people in Darfur?
 What about that idea --
 Hold on a second. What about that idea, Senator Dodd, about possibly boycotting the Beijing Summer Olympic Games if China doesn't use its influence to stop the genocide in Sudan?
 All right.
 Senator Edwards?
 All right, we're going to go back -- we're going to back to Jennifer, but go ahead, Senator Obama, very quickly.
 All right. Let's go back to the -- Senator --(Cross talk.)
 Well, if you agree --
 -- if you agree that the U.S. should consider boycotting --
 He says -- Senator Dodd says he doesn't think that's a good idea. If you agree that it might be a good idea, raise your hand -- if necessary.(Senator Edwards and Governor Richardson raise their hands.)
 All right.
 I want to go back to Jennifer, but I have to ask Governor Richardson, you're a former ambassador at the United Nations. And what I hear you saying, what you're saying is that you would consider the United States boycotting the Summer Olympic Games in China unless China starts getting tough with the government in Sudan.
 All right.
 All right, we've got to leave it. Hold on one second. The audience is anxious for another question from out here.Jennifer.
 Tim O'Connor is anxious.You're about to graduate from high school.Q Yeah.
 Are you eligible now to vote for the first time in the New Hampshire primary?Q I am. I'm 18 now.
 What's your question tonight?Q Well, on a little bit of a lighter note, I spent last summer in Germany with a family whose oldest son was completing his one year of mandatory service to his country. I was wondering if you think we should have that, and if so, how do you plan to make it happen?
 All right, Senator Gravel, let me ask you that question.
 Congressman Kucinich, should there be mandatory service for young people after they finish high school?
 Is it time, Senator Dodd, as Senator Charlie Rangel recommends, to bring back the military draft?
 All right.
 Thank you, Senator.Jennifer, go ahead with the next question.
 Brian Sealander is with us tonight.Brian, you live in Bedford and you're self-employed.
 What is your question?
 Senator Obama, what is a definition of "rich"?
 All right.
 So give us a number, Senator Obama. At what number would you tell us that there's lower taxes or what number people can afford higher taxes?
 It's income. Income -- $200,000 a year, $150,000?
 What's a rich person, Senator Edwards?
 All right.
 Thank you, Senator.Jennifer, go ahead.
 This is Gregory Camann. And Gregory, you live in Bedford and you used to own a hair salon. I'm going to reach around you and have you ask your question.CAMANN Our country is now running huge federal deficits again. I'm wondering, one, do the candidates have a problem with that? And if they do, what policies would they pursue, if they became president, to alleviate that problem?
 All right.
 Thank you, Congressman.Jennifer, you have an e-mail question.
 Yes, well, if I may. This e-mail question is from our WMUR Gather.com blogger. The question is Democrats have vowed to weed out corruption in the federal government. A major source of corruption for both Democrats and Republicans are bribes in spending bills sometimes referred to as "earmarks." Would you vow, if elected president, to veto all bills containing earmarks?And, Wolf, of course earmarks, the pork spending that sometimes gets added to legislation without anybody really knowing about it.
 Well, let's ask Senator Dodd.What about that, would you agree to give up earmarks for Connecticut, if you had your way? (Laughter.)
 All right.
 Senator Gravel --
 -- is it time to do away with these earmarks?
 All right.Senator Clinton?
 Thank you, Senator.We're going to go back to Jennifer in a second, but I know Congressman Kucinich wants to weigh in.
 Congressman Kucinich, you want to respond to that?
 All right.
 Senator Biden.
 Thank you, Senator.Let's go back to Jennifer.
 Okay, Wolf.We have Ivy Merrill with us tonight. Ivy, how are you?IVY MERRILL I'm well. How are you?
 You are a substitute elementary school teacher.MERRILL I am.
 What's your question tonight?MERRILL Well, thank you for being here.Given that the circumstances in this country and in our world were essentially the same when you take office, what would be your top priority for your first hundred days?
 Senator Edwards?
 All right.
 I want to go very quickly to everyone. What would be, Senator Clinton, your top priority in the first 100 days?
 All right.Senator Obama?
 All right.Governor Richardson?
 Education.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Biden, your top priority in the first hundred days.
 Congressman Kucinich, what would be your top priority?
 Very quickly, Senator Gravel and then Senator Dodd. But very quickly, your top priority?
 Okay.
 All right. Senator Dodd, very quickly. You've got five seconds.
 We got to leave it right there. This brings -- got to leave it right there. This brings to an end our debate.Be sure to join us Tuesday, right here on this same stage, for a debate involving the Republican candidates for president of the United States.Our next Democratic debate, by the way, will be a revolutionary approach to campaign debates. It will be held on July 23rd from Charleston, South Carolina, in partnership with YouTube and Google. You're going to want to see that debate as well.Thanks very much once again to Saint Anselm College here in Manchester; to our partners, WMUR and the New Hampshire Union Leader.ModeratorsBrianMODERATOR, NBC NewsDavid Stanton, WIS NewsCandidatesSen. Christopher J. Dodd, D-Conn.Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y.Former Sen. John Edwards, D-N.C.Gov. Bill Richardson, D-N.M.Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr., D-Del.Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich, D-OhioFormer Sen. Mike Gravel, D-AlaskaSen. Barack Obama, D-Ill.BrianMODERATOR Let's now begin the questioning.Senator Clinton, your party's leader in the United States Senate, Harry Reid, recently said the war in Iraq is lost. A letter to today's USA Today calls his comments "treasonous" and says if General Patton were alive today, Patton would "wipe his boots" with Senator Reid.Do you agree with the position of your leader in the Senate?Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton Well, Brian, at the outset, let me say that the American people have spoken. The Congress has voted, as of today, to end this war. And now we can only hope that the president will listen.I'm very proud of the Congress under the leadership of Speaker Pelosi and Leader Reid for putting together a piece of legislation which says we will fund our troops and protect them, we will limit the number of days that they can be deployed, and we will start to bring them home.And I think that is exactly what the American people want. This is not America's war to win or lose. We have given the Iraqi people the chance to have freedom, to have their own country. It is up to them to decide whether or not they're going to take that chance.And it is past time for them to demonstrate that they are willing to make the sacrifice, the compromise that is necessary to put together a unified government and provide security and stability without our young men and women in the middle of their sectarian civil war.
 Senator, time. Thank you very much.Senator Biden, same question to you, which is Do you agree with Senator Reid that the war is lost?Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. Look, Brian, this is not a game show. You know, this is not a football game. This is not win or lose. The fact of the matter is that the president has a fundamentally flawed policy. It's based upon the notion of being able to set a strong, central government in Baghdad that will be democratic.And the real question is Are we going to be able to leave Iraq, get our troops out, and leave behind something other than chaos?In order to do that, the president should start off by not vetoing the language which we just -- he says he's going to veto, we just passed today saying, "Begin to drawdown American troops right now and move toward a political solution."Look, there's only one way. You've got to change the fundamental premise of this engagement, and that is, you've got to decentralize Iraq, you've got to give the regions control over their own destiny, get them control over their police forces, their own identity, and have a limited central government and share their oil wealth (ph). The president better get on the game plan here, or he is just going to drag this out to the point where it's not recognizable.
 Senator Obama, you have called this war in Iraq, quote, "dumb," close quote. How do you square that position with those who have sacrificed so much? And why have you voted for appropriations for it in the past?Sen. Barack Obama Well, Brian, I am proud that I opposed this war from the start, because I thought that it would lead to the disastrous conditions that we've seen on the ground in Iraq.What I've also said is if we're going to send hundreds of thousands of our young men and women there, then they have to have the night-vision goggles, the Humvees that are reinforced, and the other equipment that they need to make sure that they come home safely.But the American people have said, Republicans and Democrats, that it's time to end this war.I was in New Hampshire, talking to a woman at a townhall meeting. She started crying, standing up, saying, "I can't breathe. My nephew's been sent to Iraq."And, when I listen to mothers and father all across the country, they are telling me it's time for us to come home.I'm proud of the fact that I put forward a plan in January that mirrors what Congress ultimately adopted.And it says there's no military solution to this. We've got to have a political solution, begin a phased withdrawal, and make certain that we've got benchmarks in place so that the Iraqi people can make a determination about how they want to move forward.
 Senator Edwards, you made a high-profile apology for your vote in favor of the Iraq war resolution. You have said, quote, "We need a leader who will be open and honest, who will tell the truth when they made a mistake."Was that not a direct shot at your opponent, Senator Clinton?Former Sen. John Edwards No, I think that's a question for the conscience of anybody who voted for this war. I mean, Senator Clinton and anyone else who voted for this war has to search themselves and decide whether they believe they've voted the right way. If so, they can support their vote.If they believe they didn't, I think it's important to be straightforward and honest, because I think one of the things we desperately need in our next president is someone who can restore the trust bond between the American people and the president of the United States. Because I think that trust has been devastated over the last six years.And I think, beyond that, it's important for the president of the United States to restore trust between the president and the rest of the world. It is impossible for the United States of America to provide the stabilization and the leadership in the world that the world desperately needs from us unless, first, the American people trust their president, believe he's an open, honest, decent human being, and the rest of the world has faith in the president of the United States.
 Senator Clinton, I owe you a response probably in terms of your vote.Clinton Well, Brian, I take responsibility for my vote. Obviously, I did as good a job I could at the time. It was a sincere vote based on the information available to me.And I've said many times that, if I knew then what I now know, I would not have voted that way.But I think that the real question before us Is what do we do now? How do we try to persuade or require this president to change course?He is stubbornly refusing to listen to the will of the American people. He threatens to veto the legislation we've passed, which has been something that all of us have been advocating for a number of years now.And I can only hope that he will not veto it. And I can only end by saying that if this president does not get us out of Iraq, when I am president, I will.
 Senator, thank you.Congressman Kucinich, do you think one can be against the war and yet still fund it?Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich No. I think it's inconsistent to tell the American people that you oppose the war and, yet, you continue to vote to fund the war. Because every time you vote to fund the war, you're reauthorizing the war all over again.As a matter of fact, my good friends here from the Senate just came back from Washington, D.C., where they voted to continue funding the war. The Democrats have the power to end the war right now, and that's what we should do.They were under no obligation to give George Bush any money at all. The money's in the pipeline to bring the troops home. And that's exactly what ought to be done, at this moment.I have a plan, H.R. 1234, a plan to end the war in Iraq, which calls on the international community to provide peacekeepers and security forces that will move in as our troops leave. But we can't do that until we determine we're going to end the occupation. And we will do that when we stop the funding.Furthermore, I don't think that it's sufficient to say that if we had the information at the beginning that we would have voted differently.That information was available to everyone. And, if you made the wrong choice, we're auditioning here for president of the United States. People have to see who had the judgment and the wisdom not to go to war in the first place, and I made the choice not to go to war.
 Governor Richardson, if you were representing New Mexico in Congress, despite your opposition to the war, do you think you would vote to fund the troops?Gov. BillLOSER No. Let me be very clear about my position. This war is a disaster. We must end this war.This is what I would do if were president today. I would withdraw all of our troops, including residual troops, by the end of this calendar year.I would use the leverage of that withdrawal, coupled with intensive diplomacy in three areas.One, a political framework led by the United States where the three religious entities in Iraq have a coalition government, divide oil revenues and possible set up three separate entities.Number two, I would convene a security conference, and I would invite Iran and Syria.They're going to be tough, and we should be tough with them. But we have to have an international peacekeeping effort.And, thirdly, I would have a donor conference. I would have other countries take over the reconstruction responsibility and the security of Iraq.
 Governor, thank you.Senator Dodd, as I understand it, you've cosponsored something called Feingold-Reid, which would, in effect, cut off the funding spigot by about a year from now...Sen. Christopher J. Dodd That's correct.
 ... and draw the troops out.Is that possible, the notion of no more troops in Iraq?Dodd I believe it is, Brian.I don't think the stakes have ever been higher for us as a country. We're more vulnerable today. We're far less secure. We're more isolated in the world as a result of this policy. This is a failed policy.Our troops have been heroic. And certainly we'd all make sure that whatever they needed they would get.But we need to understand that we've got to move beyond this policy. We need bolder, experienced leadership that will take us in a different direction than where we're clearly, clearly headed.I'm proud to support the Feingold-Reid legislation, which does exactly as you've described it. It would impart an end date, begin immediately -- an end date at the end of next March.It's very important that the Iraqi people -- we're spending $2 billion a week, $8 billion a month, over $400 billion over more than four years. They now have to assume the responsibility of their own future.We've given them that opportunity.Three hundred thousand troops are in uniform in Iraq today. They need to take on the responsibility of deciding whether or not they want to come together as a people.I then believe, also, that we need to engage in the robust diplomacy that we haven't been engaged in. This administration treats diplomacy as if it were a gift to our opponents; a sign of weakness, not a sign of strength.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Gravel, for those who may not be familiar with your past, two-term U.S. Senate from Alaska. You played a role in the fight to cut off money for the Vietnam War.What would be your advice, Senator, for the elected officials on this stage who are at a conflict, opposed to the conflict, but also feel the need to keep on funding the conflict?Former Sen. MikeLOSER Well, first off, understand that this war was lost the day that George Bush invaded Iraq on a fraudulent basis. Understand that. Now with respect to what's going on in the Congress, I'm really embarrassed.So we passed -- and the media's in a frenzy right today with what has been passed. What has been passed? George Bush communicated over a year ago that he would not get out of Iraq until he left office. Do we not believe him?We need to find another way. I really would like to sit down with Pelosi and with Reid, and I would hope the other senators would focus on, how do you get out? You pass the law, not a resolution, a law making it a felony to stay there. And I'll give you the text of it.And if you're worried about filibuster, here's what you do tactically. They can pass it in the House. We've got the votes there.We've got the votes there.In the Senate, let them filibuster it. And let Reid call up every -- at 1200 every day to have a cloture vote. And let the American people see clearly who's keeping the war going and who's not.And that's just the beginning of the tactic, if they're tough enough to do it.
 Senator Gravel, thank you.And to close out our section of questions on the topic of Iraq, to my colleague with more questions.David StantonThanks. This is for Senator Obama.Senator, Marsha from here in Orangeburg in South Carolina says, "As a spouse of a 19-year active duty professional soldier, who has served in Iraq and worldwide in numerous deployments, what would you consider to be a "mission complete" status in Iraq?Obama Well, first of all, I want to thank Marsha's husband for his service.And one of the enormous difficulties of this war has been the strain it's placed on our men and women in uniform. We have seen our Army and our Reserves and our National Guard all being stretched to a breaking point.And that's one of the reasons why I proposed that we're going to have to increase the size of our ground forces, so we can stop the sort of rotations that we've been placing them on, which have been putting enormous strain not only on the soldiers themselves, but also their families.But, look, we are one vote away -- we are one signature away or 16 votes away from ending this war. One signature away.Now, if the president is not going to sign the bill that has been sent to him, then what we have to do is gather up 16 votes in order to override his veto.And I think that the men and women in uniform have performed valiantly in terms of overthrowing Saddam Hussein and giving the Iraqi people an opportunity to bring their country together.
 Time.Obama But what we can't do is expect that we can continue to impose a military solution on what is essentially a political problem, and that's what we have to organize around.
 Senator Clinton, 30-second rebuttal.Clinton Well, I think that what Barack said is right. I mean, part of our challenge is to put together the political support throughout the country, particularly within the Republican Party to join with us to bring an end to this war. You know, it sounds simple to say it, but it is more difficult to achieve it.And the problem is that the president seems determined not to change course, despite the fact that we are not gaining ground.We are in the middle of a multi-sided, sectarian civil war. And we are doing everything we can to begin to move us out. And we need Republican support to finish the job.
 We enter now the second phase of tonight's conversation. The in-house title for these questions was "Elephants in the Room," according to our political staff -- what may be uncomfortable questions about issues or beliefs attached, for whatever reason, to all of you -- perception issues, for lack of a better word.Senator Obama, you go first.You've promised in your campaign a new kind of politics, but just this week the Chicago Sun-Times reported on questionable ties you have with a donor who was charged last year for demanding kickbacks on Illinois business deals.Aren't you practicing the very same kind of politics that many of the others on this stage have engaged in?Obama Well, not all, we have thousands of donors. This donor engaged in some ethical (sic) behavior and I have denounced it.But I have a track record of bringing people around this new kind of politics, since I was in the state legislature.The first bill I ever passed was campaign finance reform legislation -- the first in a generation in Illinois.Here, in the United States Senate we were able to work to strengthen the lobbying ethics reform bill, despite the resistance of some of my colleagues in both parties.And, in terms of how we've been running this campaign, we have seen that I have not taken money from federal registered lobbyists. We are not taking money from PACs.What we are doing is organizing ordinary people to do extraordinary things all across the country. And that's what its going to require in order to change politics in this country.We know what the challenges are, and we've got good plans and ideas on health care and education and energy. What's been lacking is the political will to get it done, and that's the kind of movement that I intend to build during the course of this campaign.
 Senator, thank you. Senator Edwards, you've spoken with great passion and energy and eloquence about the issue of poverty in the United States, your "two Americas" theme.And yet I want to read you a quote from the political journalist Roger Simon "Many people miss the point about the haircuts. The point is not the cost. John Edwards is a very rich man and could afford even a $4,000 haircut. But why did he pay for his haircuts out of campaign funds?"Senator?Edwards Well, that was a mistake, which we've remedied. It was simply a mistake. But if the question is, Brian, whether I live a privileged and blessed lifestyle now, the answer to that's yes.A lot of us do. But it's not where I come from. And I've not forgotten where I come from.Many people in the audience and the viewing audience know that my dad worked in textile mills all his life, and I can remember vividly -- my dad is here tonight. I was born here in South Carolina. I can remember vividly my dad after church once Sunday, when I was about 10 years old, taking us -- it's our whole family -- into a restaurant. I was dressed up.I was very proud to be there, and we sat, got our menus, looked at the menus, and the waitress came over and my father said, "I'm sorry, we have to leave." I didn't understand. "Why? Why do we have to leave?" And I was embarrassed. I found out when we got outside the reason we had to leave is he couldn't pay the prices that were on the menu.The reason I'm running for president of the United States is so that everybody in this country can have the same kind of chances I've had.
 And, Senator, I have a follow-up for you. On modern day America, you've been of counsel to hedge funds.Do hedge funds make America any better in any way?Edwards Well, I think what -- first of all, I think the financial markets are an important component of trying to figure out what it is we need to do about the fact that we have 47 million people without health care, 37 million people who wake up in poverty every day.They play an enormous role in how money moves in this country. And I happen to believe that we have a responsibility to the people in this country who wake up every day worried about feeding and clothing their children.And I think those people in New York who work in financial markets understand -- in some ways, at least -- what can be done and can play a significant role in trying to lift people up who are struggling.I am proud of what I've been doing for the last few years. You know, I've been all over the country, organizing workers into unions and raising the minimum wage, and also working at a poverty center at the University of North Carolina.
 I'm afraid time is up.Senator Clinton, you represent the state of New York -- just mentioned. How is America a better place because of all these burgeoning hedge funds?Clinton Well, I think that America is a great place because we have an entrepreneurial economy. We have people who are willing to make stakes and new enterprises and invest their money.And, obviously, one of the other reasons we're a great country is because we've learned over the years how to regulate that, so nobody gets an unfair advantage -- and that we, you know, have a framework within which our free market system operates.Obviously, for me, it's exciting to represent both New York City, the global capital market leader, and yet I also represent a big state where there are a lot of poor people and people who have no access to health care. They don't have access to affordable college. They're worried about their futures.So what we've got to do here is get back to having a Democratic president who will set the rules, so that we can continue to build our economy, we can inspire and incentivize people to take those risks, but we begin to repair the damage that has been done by this president and Republican Congress.
 Senator, thank you.Governor Richardson, you were one of the last people on this stage to call for the resignation of the attorney general, Attorney General Gonzales. When asked by a journalist why you were taking long to make up your mind about this, you replied, quote, "It's because he's Hispanic. I'm honest."Is that the right way to make personnel decisions?
 Governor, thank you.Senator Dodd, while you represent the Nutmeg State in the U.S. Senate, you may be the most Washington of all the people from Washington on this stage here tonight son of a U.S. senator, in the Senate for two decades yourself, a committee chair, and you've been rather unabashed about accepting money from lobbyists.How then do you make the case with people that you will reform or change Washington ways?Dodd Well, first of all, I am very proud to come from a family that served in public service. My father was a prosecutor in Nuremberg; was active in helping start the civil rights division at the Justice Department; tried cases, in fact, in South Carolina in the '40s.Was a congressman, a senator. My brothers and sisters are teachers.Public service is something we take great pride in my family. And certainly, I am proud of my experience, having served in the House and the Senate for the past 26 years.We have already talked a bit about campaign finance reform. I've been a long advocate of public financing of campaigns. I believe this is one of the great threats to our country; that not enough people are qualified and want to seek public office.Put aside the presidency of the United States, talking even about congressional seats or local seats, it's becoming prohibitive.Certainly, until the law changes, you have to do what you can to raise the resources.I'm also proud to be serving on committees that deal with economic growth in this country. I'm a pro-growth Democrat. That experience, I think, is what's missing in many ways today. We've been through six years of on-the-job training with the president. I think we're now ready for experience in this country that allows us to go forward, create jobs and create prosperity for this 21st century.
 Senator Dodd, thank you.Congressman Kucinich, you were anti-war before the anti-war position started surging in the polls. The question is, why don't you think you have more traction politically in the United States?Kucinich I think tonight's debate is going to help change that, Brian, because I think when people understand not only that I opposed the war from the start, but I opposed the idea of using war as a matter of policy. I don't think it reflects America's greatness, and I also think that this process -- this isn't "American Idol" here.We're choosing a president. And we have to look at the audition that occurred that in 2003, when my good friends were called upon to make a decision and then made the wrong decision.Apologies aren't enough, because we've had 3,333 Americans die. Perhaps as many as over 650,000 innocent Iraqis die. People are looking for a president who has the wisdom to make the right choices about America's security and who also has the integrity to be able to take a stand that may be unpopular.And so, I think that when people see that this campaign comes from a place of the heart and wants to reconnect with the world, I think they'll be ready to support it.
 Congressman Kucinich, thank you.Senator Biden, words have, in the past, gotten you in trouble, words that were borrowed and words that some found hateful.An editorial in the Los Angeles Times said, "In addition to his uncontrolled verbosity, Biden is a gaff machine."Can you reassure voters in this country that you would have the discipline you would need on the world stage, Senator?
 Thank you, Senator Biden.(Laughter)Senator Gravel, at a forum earlier this year -- I want to get this right -- you said it doesn't matter whether you are elected president or not, so then, why are you here tonight?Shouldn't debates be for candidates who are in the race to win the race?
 Let's use a little moderator discretion here. Senator Gravel, that's a weighty charge.Who on this stage exactly tonight worries you so much?
 Senator Gravel, thank you.Senator Clinton, recent national polls indicate the majority of the general public has an unfavorable view of you, right now, at this point in time.Why do you think Republicans are looking forward to running against you with so much zeal?Clinton Well, Brian, you'd have to ask them. I'm sure that they would give you all the reasons.But, from my perspective, it may have something to do with the fact that I have stood up for what I've believed in.I tried to achieve universal health care back in '93 or '94, and I still have the scars from that experience. You know, I take it as a perverse form of flattery, actually, that if they weren't worried, they would not be so vitriolic in their criticism of me.Because I believe that the country is ready for change. I believe America is ready now for universal health care. It is ready for a new energy policy. It is ready to deal with global climate change. It is ready to clean up the government after the corruption and the cronyism of the Bush years.It is ready, once again, to be a leader in the world, where we create alliances instead of alienation. I think that's what they're most worried about, because I am serious about doing that. I am serious about getting the presidency once again to lead, and I believe I'm ready to do that.
 Senator, thank you.We'll switch now to a section of questions on mostly domestic policy, and we'll begin with you, Senator Edwards, on the topic of abortion.Our most recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll indicated a majority of Americans approved of last week's Supreme Court decision to make so-called partial birth or late-term abortions illegal.Most of the people on this stage put out statements and criticized the ruling. A lot of American families find this just a hideous topic for a discussion.Is this a case, do you think, of the Supreme Court and the public with opinions in one place, and yet a lot of elected officials in another?Edwards No, I don't believe it is. I would say first that this decision by the Supreme Court is actually a perfect example of what's at stake in this election. The kind of people that will be appointed to the United States Supreme Court by the next president will control whether a woman's freedom, freedom to choose, make her own health care decisions will be made by her or will be made by the government or by some men sitting on the United States Supreme Court.So I think it's really crucial for all voters who are listening to this debate, including here in South Carolina, to make a very hard decision about who's most likely to be strong in winning this election.Now, on the issue of abortion, I think -- I believe in a woman's right to choose, but I think this is an extraordinarily difficult issue for America.And I think it is very important for the president of the United States to recognize, while I believe the government should not make these health-care decisions for women -- I believe they should have the freedom to make them themselves -- this is a very difficult issue for many people. And I think we have to show respect for people who have different views about this.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Obama, on this same topic, what about your view on the decision on partial-birth abortion and your reaction to most of the public agreeing with the court's holding?Obama You know, I think that most Americans recognize that this is a profoundly difficult issue for the women and families who make these decisions. They don't make them casually.And I trust women to make these decisions in conjunction with their doctors and their families and their clergy.And I think that's where most Americans are.Now, when you describe a specific procedure that accounts for less than 1 percent of the abortions that take place, then naturally, people get concerned, and I think legitimately so.But the broader issue here is Do women have the right to make these profoundly difficult decisions? And I trust them to do it.Now, there is a broader issue, though. And that is can we move past some of the debates around which we disagree and can we start talking about the things we do agree on? Reducing teen pregnancy; making it less likely for women to find themselves in the circumstances where they've got to anguish over these decisions.Those are areas where I think we can all start mobilizing and move forward rather than look backwards.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Biden, as president would you have a specific litmus test question on Roe v. Wade that you would ask of your nominees for the high court?
 Senator, thank you. Congressman Kucinich, same question. Would you ask a litmus test, Roe versus Wade question of high-court nominees?Kucinich Any of my appointments to the high court would necessarily reflect my thinking. I don't know how it could be otherwise. I intend to be a president who's a healer, who understands that this country has been put in a debate that has torn it apart.But the truth of the matter is, it's possible, I believe, to take a course of action where you can get all the people of America in support of a culture of life which includes prenatal care, postnatal care, child care, universal health care, a living wage, all those things that give support to life.Kucinich And we also need to listen carefully to those who are concerned about abortion.At the same time, a healer as president would help reconcile this nation, and cause a woman's right to privacy to be protected unquestioningly, protect Roe v. Wade, but also go out and listen to people and engage people and open up hearts -- because this is an issue that requires an enormous amount of compassion, and that's the approach I would take.
 Congressman, thank you.Senator Dodd, you were the only senator on this stage to vote to confirm Chief Justice Roberts. Do you regret your vote?Dodd No. I'm disappointed terribly by the decision that he reached the other day, because he did something he said he wouldn't do. He said during his confirmation hearings that he would uphold precedent. That was a very important answer he gave to me. I did not have the same degree of satisfaction when Justice Alito made a similar statement.And what he did, of course, is walk away from the woman's health. For 34 years, the woman's health has been a major consideration on this issue since Roe versus Wade was first decided.And to deviate from that, to me, was a major, major setback here. I happen to believe a woman has a right to choose. I've voted that way and done that, supported that for the 26 years I've been in the United States Senate.But I also think what Dennis just said is extremely important. Abortions ought to be rare, safe and legal. And I think all of us here, regardless of your views on the question, would like to see national leadership in the country that would start providing additional choices so that women aren't faced with just the choice they have today.Supporting expanding adoption, children's health issues -- these are things I've worked on for the last 26 years, having started the children's caucus in the United States Senate, worked on children's health issues. That's something we need to play far more attention, instead of just going back and forth on this question without dealing with the issue of how we can minimize this from occurring.
 Senator, thank you.We'd like to ask the same question of all of you, down the line, in order, and it calls for you to say a name or to pass.And, Governor Richardson, we're going to start with you. The question is your model Supreme Court justice?
 How about someone who is among the living?(Laughter)
 OK.Again, name or pass, Senator Dodd?Dodd Well, I would mention Justice Brennan, but you've excluded him...
 Yes.Dodd ... because of obvious reasons.And I would agree with the choice made by -- Justice Ginsburg. I think she was eloquent in her dissent in this opinion, and certainly someone that I would -- I would respect.
 And, Senator Edwards?Edwards I missed it. No past justices?
 A model Supreme Court justice alive today?And I've just been informed, this is taking so long, you'll be the final person to handle this question.(Laughter)Edwards Ginsburg or Breyer.
 All right. Justice Ginsburg or Justice Breyer, both of them sitting on the current court.Senator Clinton, a question for you Did the government -- did any role that federal government plays fail those students at Virginia Tech?Clinton Yes.You know, I remember very well when I accompanied Bill to Columbine after that massacre and met with the family members of those who had been killed and talked with the students, and feeling that we had to do more to try to keep guns out of the hands of the criminal and of the mentally unstable.And during the Clinton administration, that was a goal -- not to, in any way, violate people's Second Amendment rights, but to try to limit access to people who should not have guns.Clinton Unfortunately, we saw the tragedy unfold at Virginia Tech. We now know that the background check system didn't work, because certainly this shooter, as he's called, had been involuntarily committed as a threat to himself and others. And, yet, he could walk in and buy a gun.
 Governor Richardson, you are currently, if our research is correct, the NRA's favorite presidential candidate declared in either party, based on their rating system.Did anything about the massacre at Virginia Tech make you rethink any part of your position on guns?
 Thank you, Governor.We are over on time.And because our producers are learning about the consumption of time, we have our first "show of hands" question tonight.(Laughter)How many of you, in your adult lifetime, have had a gun in the house?One -- Senator Gravel, Senator Biden, Senator Dodd, Governor Richardson, Congressman Kucinich.Thank you very much.Senator Biden, the kind of flip side of the question I just asked Senator Clinton What could the federal government have done to save those kids at Virginia Tech?
 Let's talk about health care, an issue that currently ranks a solid second in virtually every opinion poll in the United States.Senator Edwards, you have said you would raise taxes to pay for a health care plan. The question is Which ones?Edwards I would get rid of George Bush's tax cuts for people who make over $200,000 a year. But I want to say, this is an example -- we've had a lot of discussion tonight -- not a great deal of discussion so far about the substance of the very specific ideas that each of us have on big issues.I'm proud of the fact that I have a very specific universal health care plan which I think is different than some others on the stage who are running for president.And I think we have a responsibility, if you want to be president of the United States, to tell the American people what it is you want to do.Rhetoric's not enough. High-falutin' language is not enough. And my plan would require employers to cover all their employees or pay into a fund that covers the cracks in the health care system -- mental health parity, which others have spoken about; chronic care; preventative care; long-term care; subsidized health care costs.Give people a choice, including a government choice; no pre- existing conditions -- banned as a matter of law. And the law actually requires that every single American be covered.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Obama, how would you pay for your plan?Obama Well, first of all, let me tell you what I would do.Number one, I think we should have a national pool that people can buy into if they don't have health insurance, similar to the ones that most of us who are in Congress enjoy right now.It doesn't make sense to me that my bosses, the taxpayers, may not have health insurance that I enjoy.Obama And we can provide subsidies for those who can't afford the group rates that are available.The second thing I think that we're going to have to do is make sure that we control costs. We spend $2 trillion on health care in this country every year, 50 percent more than other industrialized nations. And yet, we don't have, necessarily, better outcomes.This week, we saw a story that showed that black infant mortality in this country is actually going up in some states, which is shameful and makes no sense.And if we make sure that we provide preventive care and medical technology that can eliminate bureaucracy and paperwork, that makes a big difference.The third thing is catastrophic insurance to help businesses and families avoid the bankruptcies that we're experiencing all across the country and reduced premiums for families.That's the kind of plan that I think we can accomplish, as long as we build the movements to actually make that change happen.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Clinton, you're perhaps more closely associated with this issue than anyone on this stage.How would you pay for your plan?Clinton Well, let me start by saying that all of the ideas that you're going to hear about in this campaign are very important to get out to the public so that people can actually think about them, examine how they would affect their lives because I do have the experience of having put forth a plan, with many of the features that John and Barack just mentioned.And people were enthusiastic about it initially, but then after the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies got finished working on it, everybody got nervous and so politically we were not successful.Well, I'm ready to try again, and there's three things we've got to do. We've got to control and decrease costs for everyone. This is not just about the uninsured.Yes, we have nearly 47 million, but we've got many millions more who have an insurance policy that they can barely afford and that they can't get the treatments they need under it. We have to cover everybody but we've got to improve quality.We can save money within the existing system. I am not ready to put new money into a system that doesn't work until we've tried to figure out how to get the best outcomes from the money we already have.
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Richardson, you are perhaps the most strident on the position against raising taxes to pay for this.But how could it possibly be the domestic Marshall Plan some people say it must be without that kind of revenue?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor. Time has expired.At this point, we're going to go to my colleague, Dave Stanton, in the audience, who has another round of questions via e-mail.Stanton Good. Thanks, Brian.And the first one is for Senator Biden.This is from Daniel in Eastover, South Carolina. He says, "I would like a comment concerning the ban on South Carolina from the NAACP; and why they, the candidates, are in South Carolina if they support the NAACP""The NAACP has asked tourists, groups and sporting events not to come to South Carolina until the confederate flag has been removed from the statehouse grounds. Do you agree with that?"
 I'm telling you, it's tough up here. There's no such thing as one sentence with this crowd.We have to do a little bit of housekeeping here, and that is this, our NBC stations across the state of South Carolina have been carrying this live on over-the-air and cable television.We're going to say goodbye to them. We will continue on MSNBC on cable and the Internet with our conversation. This brings us into the final half-hour of tonight's conversation. And we're going to switch categories now to what we are calling non-Iraq foreign policy.Senator Obama, what are America's three most important allies around the world?Obama Well, I think the European Union as a whole has been a long-standing ally of ours, and through NATO we've been able to make some significant progress. Afghanistan, in particular, is an area where we should be focusing. NATO has made real contributions there.Unfortunately, because of the distraction of Iraq, we have not finished the job in terms of making certain that we are driving back the Taliban, stabilizing the Karzai government, capturing bin Laden and making sure that we've rooted out terrorism in that region.We also have to look east, because increasingly, the center of gravity in this world is shifting to Asia. Japan has been an outstanding ally of ours for many years.But, obviously, China is rising and it's not going away.They're neither our enemy nor our friend. They're competitors. But we have to make sure that we have enough military-to-military contact, and forge enough of a relationship with them that we can stabilize the region.That's something I'd like to do as president.
 Senator, thanks. I'll give you a follow-up.I didn't hear you mention Israel, and I ask because there is a quote attributed to your name. You said recently, "No one is suffering more than the Palestinian people."Do you stand by that remark?Obama Well, keep in mind what the remark actually, if you had the whole thing, said. And what I said is nobody has suffered more than the Palestinian people from the failure of the Palestinian leadership to recognize Israel, to renounce violence, and to get serious about negotiating peace and security for the region.Israel has been one of our most important allies around the world. It's the only established democracy in the Middle East. It's the linchpin of much of our efforts in the Middle East.But the United States has to get engaged in this region. And that's something that this president has not done. That's something that I intend to do.
 Time is up, Senator.Senator Biden, from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, what three nations, other than Iraq, represent, to you, the biggest threat to the United States?
 Senator, thank you.Senator Gravel, same question Other than Iraq, the three most important enemies to the United States?
 Senator Edwards, Russia has been in the news of late. Just today, they suspended an arms deal over a squabble. Simply, do you regard them as a friend or a foe?Edwards Well, what's happened in Russia, of course, is they've moved from being a democracy under Yeltsin to being a complete autocracy under Putin. The government has been centralized. Any kind of democratic effort, any opposition party, any opposition voice has been squashed.I think the question we should be asking ourselves -- and I've thought a lot about this. I've spent a fair amount of time since the last election working overseas and working on these issues. I think the question we should be asking ourselves is how does America change the underlying dynamic of what's happening in the world?We need to maintain our strength, military, economic, political. But how do we ultimately change what's happening, the threats that America faces?I think for that to occur, the world has to see America as a force for good again, which is why I talked about making -- leading an effort to make primary school education available to 100 million children in the world who don't have it, in the Muslim world, in Africa, in Latin America.Leading an international effort on sanitation, clean drinking water, economic development using microfinance as a tool. I mean, here's a way that America could actually demonstrate its commitment to humanity, which I think is critical for our leadership.
 Senator, thank you. Governor Richardson, with your forays into diplomacy, four nominations for Nobel Peace Prizes, when you consider that President Bush said he once looked into the soul Putin, how would you do things differently with Russia?
 Governor, thank you.We are all out of time.Senator Clinton, a friend of yours from back home, said this week Quote, "the Democrats do not understand the full nature and scope of the terrorist war against us."Another quote "America will be safer with a Republican president."How do you think, Senator, that it happened that that notion of Republicans as protectors in a post 9/11 world has taken on so?Clinton Well, Brian, I think that, as a senator from New York, it is something that I have worked on very hard ever since 9/11 -- to try to convince the administration to do those things that would make us safer. And I think there's a big disconnect between the rhetoric and the reality.We haven't secured our borders, our ports, our mass transit systems. You can go across this country and see so much that has not been done.The resources haven't gotten to the front lines where decisions are made in local government the way that they need to.And I think that this administration has consistently tried to hype the fear without delivering on the promise of making America safer.And its foreign policy around the world, as you've heard from all of my colleagues here, has also made the world less stable, which, of course, has a ripple effect with respect to what we're going to face in the future.So I hope that we can put that myth to rest. It is certainly something I will try to do during the campaign.
 Senator Dodd, same question. How has this label been attached to the Democratic Party, that the Republicans will protect America best?Dodd Well, that's a great question, Brian, because it's a myth in the sense when you consider what this administration has done over six years, given the attacks we faced on 9/11.Here our first responders are not getting the support they deserve, the administration has been resistant in supporting them; the war in Iraq, rather than dealing with the Taliban in Afghanistan where our efforts should have been over the last number of years; not building the kind of international support -- stateless terrorism is a multinational problem. It's a tactic.It requires a multinational response. This administration has walked away from that. The very institutions we need to build to have us effectively engage and fight back against terrorism, this administration seems to take the other track and move in another direction.I would have asked your question earlier on what's the serious threat we face. It is stateless terrorism. It isn't states. It's the absence of diplomacy, the absence of engaging with nations around the world to build those relationships that allow us to have a far more effective response to the scourge that we face in this century.We need to have leadership that knows how to build those relationships to encourage that kind of participation. This administration's done just the opposite.
 Senator, thank you.Second "show of hands" question Do you believe there is such a thing as a global war on terror?Let's try Congressman Kucinich.Why is your hand not up?Kucinich Because the fact of the matter is that the global war on terror has been a pretext for aggressive war. As president of the United States, I intend to take America in a different direction, rejecting war as an instrument of policy, reconnecting with the nations of the world, so that we can address the real issues that affect security all over the globe and affect our security at home getting rid of all nuclear weapons, the United States participating in the chemical weapons convention, the biological weapons convention, the small arms treaty, the landmine treaty, joining the International Criminal Court, signing the Kyoto climate change treaty.The world is waiting for an American president who reaches out in a hand of friendship; who understands this is a complex world, but doesn't see the world in terms of enemies.The minute that we have dichotomous thinking of us versus them, we lose the opportunity to be able to connect with people.I'd open up relations with Syria and Iran, and all those nations that need the United States to say we want to talk. And I'd also put right on the front of the agenda peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians, because I can -- I can play an even-handed role in moving -- in reaching out to bring those peoples together.
 Time has expired.Thank you, Congressman.Senator Obama, if, God forbid a thousand times, while we were gathered here tonight, we learned that two American cities have been hit simultaneously by terrorists and we further learned, beyond the shadow of a doubt it had been the work of Al Qaida, how would you change the U.S. military stance overseas as a result?Obama Well, the first thing we'd have to do is make sure that we've got an effective emergency response, something that this administration failed to do when we had a hurricane in New Orleans.And I think that we have to review how we operate in the event of not only a natural disaster, but also a terrorist attack.The second thing is to make sure that we've got good intelligence, a., to find out that we don't have other threats and attacks potentially out there, and b., to find out, do we have any intelligence on who might have carried it out so that we can take potentially some action to dismantle that network.But what we can't do is then alienate the world community based on faulty intelligence, based on bluster and bombast. Instead, the next thing we would have to do, in addition to talking to the American people, is making sure that we are talking to the international community.Because as already been stated, we're not going to defeat terrorists on our own. We've got to strengthen our intelligence relationships with them, and they've got to feel a stake in our security by recognizing that we have mutual security interests at stake.
 Senator, thank you.Senator Edwards, same question God forbid, two simultaneous attacks tonight, we knew it was Al Qaida, what would you change about U.S. military stance overseas?Edwards Well, the first thing I would do is be certain I knew who was responsible, and I would act swiftly and strongly to hold them responsible for that.The second thing I would do -- and, of course, some of these have been mentioned already -- is find out how did this happen without our intelligence operations finding out that it was in a planning stage; how did they get through what we all recognize is a fairly porous homeland security system that we have in this country that has not been built the way it needed to be built?You know, did the weapons that created these two simultaneous strikes come through our ports? Were they in one of the containers that have not been checked? How did these weapons get here, and how do we stop it from happening again?I believe -- and this goes to the question you asked earlier, just a few minutes ago -- global war on terror. I think there are dangerous people and dangerous leaders in the world that America must deal with and deal with strongly.But we have more tools available to us than bombs.And America needs to use the tools that are available to them, so that these people who are sitting on the fence, the terrorists are trying to recruit the next generation get pushed to our side, not to the other side. We've had no long-term strategy. We need one and I will provide one as president.
 We are out of time, thank you.Senator Clinton, same question.Clinton Well, again, having been a senator during 9/11, I understand very well the extraordinary horror of that kind of an attack and the impact that it has, far beyond those that are directly affected.I think a president must move as swiftly as is prudent to retaliate.If we are attacked, and we can determine who is behind that attack, and if there are nations that supported or gave material aid to those who attacked us, I believe we should quickly respond.Now, that doesn't mean we go looking for other fights. You know, I supported President Bush when he went after Al Qaida and the Taliban in Afghanistan.And then when he decided to divert attention to Iraq, it was not a decision that I would have made, had I been president, because we still haven't found bin Laden. So let's focus on those who have attacked us and do everything we can to destroy them.
 Out of time, Senator. Thank you.Just over 14 minutes left, by my calculations. Let's enter more of a mixed bag of questions here as we go down the home stretch. Another show of hands.Is anyone on this stage willing to enter into Congressman Kucinich's effort to impeach Vice President Cheney?That being the response, Congressman, perhaps it's an appropriate question Is this a proper use of public congressional time and energy?Kucinich This is a pocket copy of the Constitution, which I carry with me, because I took an oath to defend the Constitution.We've spent a lot of time talking about Iraq here tonight and America's role in the world. This country was taken into war based on lies. This country was taken into war based on lies about weapons of mass destruction and Al Qaida's role with respect to Iraq, which there wasn't one at the time we went in.I want to state that Mr. Cheney must be held accountable. He is already ginning up a cause for war against Iran.Now, we have to stand for this Constitution. We have to protect and defend this Constitution.And this vice president violated this Constitution.So I think that while my friends on this stage may not be ready to take this stand, the American people should know that there's at least one person running for president who wants to reconnect America with its goodness, with its greatness, with its highest principles, which currently are not being reflected by those who are in the White House.
 Time has expired.Congressman, thank you.Senator Dodd, the state of Connecticut has legalized civil unions for gay people. Tell me, is there a difference between gay marriage and civil unions?Dodd Well, I always begin this question, Brian, by asking people to consider what they would do in the case of their own children. I have two very young daughters who one day may have a different sexual orientation than their parents.How would I like them treated as adults? What kind of housing, what kind of homes, what kind of jobs, what kind of retirement would they be allowed to have?I think if you ask yourself that question, you come to the conclusion that I hope most Americans would that they ought to be able to have those loving relationships sanctioned.I'm proud of the fact that my state has done so. I'm proud of the fact that Governor Lynch in New Hampshire is going to sign legislation which makes that possible. I believe that civil unions are appropriate and proper.I don't support same-sex marriage. And the distinction there I think is one of more of what's available, what the traditions are, and the -- over the years. But, basically, that's a distinction I make. Strongly support those civil unions.
 Senator Biden, a quote from Tom Friedman in The New York Times "Unfortunately, today's presidential hopefuls are largely full of hot air on the climate energy issue. Not one of them is proposing anything hard."What would you propose for the average American that would be hard?
 Senator Biden, thank you.Governor Richardson, Fidel Castro is still alive. How do you feel about normalizing relations with Castro's Cuba?
 Yes.
 All right. Grant you a few more for the answer on Castro.
 Thank you very much, Governor.Senator Gravel, your two terms in the Senate representing Alaska have sat on top of, of course, a huge reserve of oil. With the French system as the model, is the United States, in your view, woefully behind in its use of nuclear energy?
 Senator...
 Time has expired. Staying on the notion of the environment, which somewhat unbelievably is where that question started, what in your personal life, Senator Obama, have you done personally to make for a better environment? Personal life...Obama Well, you know, we just had Earth Day. And we actually organized 3,000 volunteers to plant trees, which...
 I mean, like light bulbs...Obama Well...(Laughter)I thought the tree thing was pretty good.
 Well, yes, but...Obama We've also been working to install lightbulbs that last longer and save energy. And that's something that I'm trying to teach my daughters, 8-year-old Malia and 5-year-old Sasha.But one thing that I do have to go back on, on this issue of terrorism We have genuine enemies out there that have to be hunted down, networks have to be dismantled.There is no contradiction between us intelligently using our military and, in some cases, lethal force to take out terrorists and, at the same time, building the sort of alliances and trust around the world that has been so lacking over the last six years.And that, I think, is going to be one of the most important issues that the next president is going to have to do, is to repair the kinds of challenges that we face.
 Because you raised your hand, Senator (sic) Kucinich, 30 seconds for a rebuttal.Kucinich My good friend, Senator Obama, that's a very provocative statement. You previously said that all options are on the table with respect to Iran.And I think that it's important for people to reflect on the real meaning of that, that you're setting the stage for another war.I think it's important that we move away from global warming and global warring. And the connection is oil. We're in Iraq for oil. We're looking at attacking Iran for oil.And until we change our international policies, which quit using war as an instrument of policy...
 Time.Kucinich ... and change our energy policies...
 Time.Kucinich ... we will continue to repeat this sorry cycle.
 Congressman, thank you. Time has expired.Senator Obama, 30.Obama I just got some time and I wanted to respond to this.I think it would be a profound mistake for us to initiate a war with Iran.But, have no doubt, Iran possessing nuclear weapons will be a major threat to us and to the region.Kucinich (OFF-MIKE)Obama I understand that, but they're in the process of developing it. And I don't think that's disputed by any expert.They are the largest state sponsor of terrorism...Kucinich It is disputed by...Obama ... Hezbollah and Hamas.Kucinich It is disputed.Obama And there is no contradiction, Dennis, between...Kucinich It is disputed.Obama Let me finish.There is no contradiction between us taking seriously the need, as you do, to want to strengthen our alliances around the world -- but I think it is important for us to also recognize that if we have nuclear proliferators around the world that potentially can place a nuclear weapon into the hands of terrorists, that is a profound security threat for America and one that we have to take seriously.
 Way, way over on time.Senator Gravel, 30 seconds, please.
 Senators, both, thank you.Senator Edwards, who do you consider to be your moral leader?Edwards I don't think I could identify one person that I consider to be my moral leader.My Lord is important to me. I go to Him in prayer every day and ask for both forgiveness and counsel.My wife, who I think is the finest human being I have ever known, is a source of great conscience for me.My father, who raised me to believe that every human being on the planet, no matter who they are or where they live or what the color of their skin or what family they were born into, has exactly the same value.I think that those are the people who have had the most influence on my view of morality and my responsibility, no matter what's happened to me, to stand up for those who have no one to speak for them.
 Senator Edwards, thank you.Senator Clinton, overall, is Wal-Mart a good thing or a bad thing for the United States of America?(Laughter)Clinton Well, it's a mixed blessing.(Laughter)
 How so?Clinton Well, because when Wal-Mart started, it brought goods into rural areas, like rural Arkansas where I was happy to live for 18 years, and gave people a chance to stretch their dollar further.As they grew much bigger, though, they have raised serious questions about the responsibility of corporations and how they need to be a leader when it comes to providing health care and having, you know, safe working conditions and not discriminating on the basis of sex or race or any other category.You know, this is all part, though, of how this administration and corporate America today don't see middle class and working Americans. They are invisible. They don't understand that if you're a family that can't get health care, you are really hurting.But to the corporate elite and to the administration in the White House, you're invisible.If you can't afford college, you're invisible.So I think we need to get both public sector and private sector leadership to start stepping up and being responsible and taking care of people.
 Senator, thank you.We're in our waning moments.Senator Biden, a question for you. A friend of mine who's in the leadership of the Democratic Party says that if the party goes down a third straight time, what will happen is what he defined as modern-day extinction of the Democratic Party.
 Putting yourself aside, perhaps, is there a winner on this stage tonight, and does your party have what it takes to reverse this trend and win the White House?
 Thank you very much, Senator.A final word here. We have tonight welcomed eight candidates to this stage. We've only had 90 minutes; an hour and a half we could easily have just spent on one issue.If you didn't hear your question asked, we're in for a long campaign. It will be.If you want to see the Republicans, you will next week, a week from tonight, on MSNBC. Our thanks to everyone here. Our thanks to everyone on stage. Now you can applaud.Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
 So to our candidates, gentlemen, welcome to you all. Thank you for being here, and let's begin. And Governor Romney, I thought we'd begin with you. The president just today signed off on this economic stimulus plan that would send out 116 million checks to American homes. The plan is somewhat contrary to yours, providing lots of short-term stimulus to individuals. Your plan, as you know, focuses as much on the long term as the short term. Are you disappointed that your recipe for the economy was not embraced by the president? And as a follow-up, will you now embrace his plan?
 And time is up, Governor.Senator McCain, will you support the part of this that does not make the Bush tax cuts permanent? And as the only member of the Senate on the stage, will you vote for this compromise?
 Senator, time is up.Mayor Giuliani, you've in the past supported a wide array of tax cuts. Do you think it's a mistake that they're not in this package?
 You all have described yourself as tax cutters, and yet in your records there are shortcomings on that issue.Governor Huckabee, are you comfortable with the fact that Governor Romney raised fees a quarter of a million dollars as governor of Massachusetts? Do you trust him as a tax cutter?
 Governor Romney, you've criticized Senator tor McCain for opposing the first two Bush tax cuts. You've criticized Mayor Giuliani for going to court to try to retain a commuter tax on people coming to the city of New York. Do you trust Senator McCain and Mayor Giuliani on the issue of being tax cutters?
 Senator McCain, Governor Romney invoked your name. Do you believe Governor Romney raising fees a quarter-billion dollars is equivalent to raising taxes?
 Our time --
 Senator, our time is up.Congressman Paul, you often have a different view of these issues. So I'll ask a vastly different question. Does government -- should government, in your view, have any role at all in stimulating the economy like this?
 Congressman, thank you.Mayor Giuliani, next question goes to you. A story right out of the news over the last several days. Many big brand-name banks in this country -- Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, to name two of them -- have gone overseas, it's been said, hat in hand looking for these cash infusions, up to $20 billion literally to stay afloat, looking for money from governments of Abu Dhabi, Japan, Korea, Saudi Prince Alwaleed, whose money you turned away in New York after 9/11.The question is -- and I know you know a lot of these people at Wall Street firms, the big New York banks -- is there something, even though it's money to say afloat, fundamentally un-American in what's going on?
 Mr. Mayor, time up.
 The Wall Street News and NBC News asked people all across the country in our poll today, "Which party would be better in dealing with the economy?" The Democrats had an 18-point advantage. With that in mind, and looking at the record over the last seven years, the unemployment rate in 2001 was 4.2; it's now 5.0. The debt was $5.7 trillion; it's now $9.2 trillion. There was a $261 billion surplus; there's now a $250 billion deficit. Gas was $1.47 a gallon; it's now $3.02.Why should the American people continue a Republican in the White House with that kind of economic record? Senator McCain.
 Governor Huckabee, George Bush has been president since 2001. The Republicans controlled Congress for most of those years, losing control in 2006. With this economic scorecard, why should the American people keep the Republicans in charge?
 So you do think that President Bush and the Republicans in Congress did not measure up.
 Governor Romney, higher deficits, higher debt, higher unemployment, higher gas prices. Is that the kind of Republican record you want to run on?
 Will you run away from this record?
 Both parties?
 Governor Romney, time is up.Mayor Giuliani, we can give you 30 seconds. You wanted in on this.
 Mayor, thank you.Congressman Paul, please take 30 seconds of your own.
 Congressman, time is up.As promised, our colleague Paul Tash, the editor of the St. Petersburg Times, has been very patient with us. We're going to go to some of the questions that have been sent in locally for the candidates.Paul?TASH Senator McCain, this question comes to us from William Harper of Bayonet Point, Florida. Our military leaders tell us that our Army is on the verge of breaking. And our economic experts tell us that we cannot sustain our economy (due to ?) deficit spending. Both tell us we cannot sustain our present efforts in Iraq.You have stated that you would leave troops in Iraq for an indefinite period. How will you do this, both militarily and economically? Please, no generalities.
 Senator McCain, thank you.Governor Romney, retired four-star U.S. Army General Barry McCaffrey is just back from one of his many trips, from Iraq, and has written a report that, an after-action report on his findings. This sentence stood out. The U.S. Army is too small and poorly resourced to continue successful counterinsurgency operations in Iraq and Afghanistan at the current level.The question, Governor, is, how do you double the size of it, from 400,000 to 800,000, as the general recommends in here, without a draft?
 Governor, thank you. Tim. (Applause.)
 The Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll today, the highest percentage ever of Americans -- six in 10 -- said that the removal of Saddam Hussein from power was not worth the price we have paid in blood and treasure. Every Democratic -- (applause) -- excuse me. Excuse me, please. The Democratic nominee will go to the country and say the war in Iraq is a bad idea not worth the price in blood and treasure, and we should get out.I want each of you to take 30 seconds. Will you go to the country, Senator McCain, and say the war was a good idea worth the price in blood and treasure, and we will stay?
 But Senator, my question is, was the --
 -- was the war a good idea, worth the price in blood and treasure?
 Mayor Giuliani, was the war a good idea and worth the price in blood and treasure?
 What does Rudy Giuliani think?
 Congressman Paul, was the war a good idea, worth the blood and treasure that we have spent?
 Governor Huckabee, was the war a good idea, and is it worth the cost in blood and treasure?
 Governor Romney, was the war in Iraq a good idea worth the cost in blood and treasure we have spent?
 Governor Romney, thanks. Time is up.As we go to a break, two quick notes. We've asked members of the audience prior to going on the air tonight to not applaud, no outbursts of any kind. We're going to have to repeat that request.Number two, we have embedded in tonight's broadcast two short commercial breaks to give everyone in here a break. We're going to take the first of those now. When we come back in the next segment, the candidates will ask each other the questions. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 We are back in Boca Raton, Florida, where we just now have a quorum back on stage. Our candidates are assembled, and we are going to begin the second segment of tonight's debate, where the candidates can ask the fellow candidate of their choice a question. The answer falls into the 90-second category, in the exigency that a rebuttal is required, those again moderator's discretion for 30 seconds.We're going to start this round with Governor Romney.
 Time.
 Time, Mr. Mayor.And a reminder to our candidates. Number one, these are questions to each other. And number two, please use the blinking lights as your guide to when time is up.Senator McCain, your turn to ask a question of one of your colleagues.
 Time.
 Governor, time is -- Governor?
 Governor, there's a real issue of enforceability. I want to ask a follow-up. The Citizens for Tax Justice say that 93 percent of Americans in effect pay less than 15 percent tax right now. You're imposing a 30 percent sales tax. How does that help the 93 percent of Americans who are paying 15 percent or less right now?
 Time for the rebuttal is up.Congressman Paul, a question for one of your colleagues on stage.
 Senator, thank you.Governor Huckabee.
 Mayor Giuliani, a question for one of the candidates.
 We are --
 Time is up.Senator McCain, I did hear your name embedded in that question.
 Do you want to -- take 30 seconds for a rebuttal, please.
 Mayor Giuliani, I have a follow-up on a potential catastrophe. Florida has 1,200 miles of beautiful coast which can be threatened with climate change, global warming, in a major way, as the world's population goes from 6 billion to 9 billion and the level of greenhouse gases doubles over the next 20 to 30 years. And yet you are against a mandatory cap on greenhouse gases. Why?
 Senator McCain, you are in favor of mandatory caps.
 Time is up, Senator.Time is up, in fact, for this segment. We'll take one more break. When we come back, that will take us the rest of the way tonight with the Republican candidates for president from Boca Raton, Florida.(Announcements.)
 We are back in Boca Raton, Florida. Tonight our final segment will be going the rest of the way in our 90-minute debate tonight among the Republican candidates for the nomination.To resume the questioning, we'll go to you, Mayor Giuliani. Say what you will about polls and their accuracy these days, our latest NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll shows you having gone, in the space of 10 months, from a positive rating of 58 percent to your current low of 29 percent today. And if you cast aside the polls, your last three finishes have been sixth, fourth and sixth. What has happened to your campaign?
 Senator McCain, next question to you. In an interview with our friend Steve Scully over at C-SPAN, your mother, who has come up in the campaign once or twice at the age of 95, your mother Roberta said that the Republican party is going to have to, quote, "hold its nose" and pick you, her son, as the nominee. (Laughter, cross talk.)In all seriousness, and moms get a special exemption, it's a notable quote, because she expresses a view you hear around the GOP, because you haven't voted with your party on some core stances like taxes and judges and immigration and campaign reform. How do you expect to unite a party behind you?
 Senator, thank you. (Applause.)Tim.
 Governor Romney, as has become apparent over the last few weeks, if Hillary Clinton is the Democratic nominee, she'll be running as a team with her husband. Specifically -- specifically, how would you run against Hillary and Bill Clinton in November? (Laughter.)
 What does that mean?
 Another quick question. People observing this race in Florida have been somewhat amazed by the number of television ads you've been running. Can you tell the voters of Florida and Republicans across the country, how much of your own money have you spent on this race so far?
 But why not tell the voters of Florida and across the country how much of your own wealth you're spending so they can make a judgment and factor that into their -- their own decision?
 Governor --
 And immune from criticism that you're trying to buy the state of Florida or buy the nomination?
 Governor --
 Governor, we've got an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll coming out in the morning that says, among a lot of other things, 44 percent of respondents say a Mormon president would have a difficult time uniting the country. And I know you've answered similar questions about what you were able to do with the Catholic vote in Massachusetts, but 44 percent nationally writ large is a large number.
 Dr. Paul -- Congressman Paul, I'd like to talk about Social Security. The last time you ran for president, a Libertarian Party candidate, you filled out a questionnaire asking about Social Security and you said, quote, "abolish it." There are 3.5 million people in Florida --
 -- who rely on Social Security payments. Are you still in favor of abolishing Social Security?
 Governor Huckabee, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, said very straightforward If entitlement spending continues, as the baby boomers retire, from 40 million to 80 million on Social Security and Medicare, we will have to raise taxes by a third or cut all other programs, other than Medicare and Social Security, by half.That is his testimony. What will you do specifically to save Social Security?
 But if you don't have a Fair Tax, which is highly unlikely, with --
 But --
 All right, but if --
 But specifically, what will you do --
 Governor Romney, you are a big fan of Ronald Reagan. Will you do for Social Security what Ronald Reagan did in 1983?
 Well, Ronald Reagan raised the payroll tax, and he also raised the retirement age, and he saved Social Security with Alan Greenspan and Tip O'Neill and Bob Dole and Pat Moynihan.
 Would you do what Ronald Reagan did?
 Governor, thanks. Time is up.And to the very patient Paul Tash we go, in the front row, from the St. Petersburg Times. Paul?TASH Mayor Giuliani, this question to you comes from Marshall Brennan (sp) of St. Petersburg."Your immigration plan calls for all immigrants to learn English to gain citizenship. So why is your campaign airing an ad in Spanish?" (Laughter.)
 Mayor Giuliani, I'd like to ask a follow-up.I think many Americans would be surprised by our policy of wet foot, dry foot; that if a Cuban is caught at sea, he -- he or she is sent back. If one foot touches American land, they're allowed to stay here. Why should a Cuban be allowed to stay here, but not a Mexican, not a Guatemalan, not a Venezuelan fleeing Hugo Chavez, someone fleeing North Korea, someone fleeing Iran. Why a special policy for a Cuban?
 We have another question from Paul Tash in the audience.TASH Governor Huckabee, this question comes from David Haney in Spring Hill, Florida.Chuck Norris, one of your most vocal supporters, recently said that at 72, Senator McCain would be too old to withstand the rigors of the presidency. Do you agree or disagree?
 Governor, thank you.Senator McCain, because it's your mother, 15 seconds.
 That would be a heck of a play for you.
 All right.
 We're getting into the final round of questions, where it makes staying to time -- yellow lights, then red -- essential, and we're going to enforce it. These questions are designed to speak to who you all are in terms of how you counter the attacks against you from your opponents, the weaknesses your opponents among others perceive.Mayor Giuliani, we're going to begin with you. In tomorrow's -- tomorrow morning's editions of The New York Times, they are out with their endorsements in the New York primary Senator Clinton on the Democratic side, Senator McCain on the Republican side. In tonight's lead editorial, they say, quote, "The real Mr. Giuliani, who many New Yorkers came to know and mistrust, is a narrow, obsessively secretive, vindictive man."
 "His arrogance and bad judgment are breathtaking."How can you defend against that in your hometown paper? How have you changed as a man since this portrait?
 Governor Romney, since we've been on the air tonight, one of the other campaigns has faxed us with a charge about you that you've heard before, that Governor Romney, quote, "changes positions with the wind."One of your own advisers admits the perception among all of the candidates on stage is that you have changed over time your positions, that you haven't paid your dues. The New York Times yesterday called you the most disliked of the five. Your defense in all that?
 Time has expired.Senator McCain, we've talked about the issue that arose with the Chuck Norris fight, shall we say, with your mom. The LA Times famously wrote recently that your own temper, quote, "has been an issue for years." Do you see that as a possible impediment?
 Governor Huckabee, a Bush administration official said that, quote, your use of faith in your campaign gave him a "queasy feeling." Your response?
 Thank you, Governor.Congressman Paul, the other campaigns have said to you that their worry is that you won't stick to your party; if you look at yourself and see yourself someday as unelectable, perhaps you would launch a third-party movement and hurt the Republicans.
 Congressman, thank you. That will have to be the -- (cheers, applause) -- before we allow the audience the chance to release their pent-up feelings about tonight, and as we bring tonight's debate to a close, we would like to remind those who missed any or all of tonight's debate it will re-air on MSNBC tonight at 9 p.m. on the West Coast, midnight here in the East.Our thanks once again to Leadership Florida, Florida Public Broadcasting, the Florida Press Association, the men and women of Florida Atlantic University for their great work in making this debate happen.On behalf of the five candidates on stage tonight; Tim Russert, who will be doing "Meet the Press" this Sunday from Florida; our friend Paul Tash; and myself, good night from Boca Raton, Florida. (Applause.)
 And now let's meet the candidates.Fred Thompson, former senator from Tennessee.Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, most recently the governor of that state.Senator John McCain of Arizona, now serving his fourth term in the U.S. Senate.Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, who served two full terms as that state's governor.Rudy Giuliani, former two-term mayor of New York City.And Congressman Ron Paul of Texas, who is now serving his 10th term in Congress.Here is the format for this debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute and 30 seconds each. If we decide that rebuttal time is required, that will be 30 seconds.We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time. And if an answer runs long, the candidates and everyone else will hear this sound.We ask our large and enthusiastic audience to please limit applause during the question-and-answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as possible to the candidates themselves.Let's get started with Chris Wallace.Chris?
 Thank you, Brit.Good evening, gentlemen. There are growing concerns that the country is headed for a recession. Here in South Carolina, they lost more than 12,000 manufacturing jobs in just the last year.Governor Romney, do you believe that we're headed for a recession? And given your record in Massachusetts, which had the third lowest job growth of any state during the years you were governor, why should voters trust you over these other gentlemen to handle a slowdown?
 Since you mentioned his name, Senator McCain, you have 30 seconds to rebut.
 Senator McCain -- and you have 90 seconds to answer this full question -- some of these ideas that are being talked about, like education and research and development, are longer term.If we're talking about a recession in the next few months, in 2008, what kind of short-term, more immediate government fixes would you propose to try to keep the slowdown diminished or to reverse it? And would you support them even if they added to the government deficit?
 Governor Huckabee, you have started running a TV commercial in Michigan that says voters want a president who reminds them of the guy they work with, not the guy who laid them off.Do you believe we're headed for a recession? And do you have a short-term government economic stimulus package that you think would be more effective than what you've heard so far from Governors Romney and Senator McCain?
 Mayor Giuliani, you announced plans for a big tax cut yesterday. And you have been running ads that say reducing taxes actually will increase revenues. But the bipartisan Congressional Budget Office, as well as two chairmen of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, all say that tax cuts don't pay for themselves, that in fact they add to the deficit, they don't reduce it.So, given that, do you stand by your statement?
 Senator McCain, as a deficit hawk, I just want to ask you for a 30-second rebuttal on that.Do you believe the tax cuts pay for themselves or do you believe that they add to the deficit?
 Congressman Paul, do you support a government program to stimulate the economy?
 Senator Thompson, I'd like to get your opinion, also, on whether or not we're in a recession or headed for one. And, as well, you have proposed a big tax plan, but much of it, including, for instance, extending the Bush tax cut, wouldn't help in the short run.Do you support a short-run government stimulus package or should we just leave the economy alone?
 Carl Cameron has the next round of questions.Carl?CAMERON Thanks, Brit.Good evening, Gentlemen.As you all well know, no Republicans ever won the presidency without winning the first in the south, South Carolina, primary.Governor Huckabee, a question for you.Your adviser, Ed Rollins, recently said that the Reagan Coalition of Economic, Social and National Security Conservatives is gone and you've been quoted as saying that you're not running for another Reagan term.Tell us, sir, what part of that coalition is gone and what has it been replaced by?
 Governor Huckabee, you've got...
 Go ahead, Governor Huckabee.
 Go ahead. Go ahead.
 Go ahead. Please, go ahead.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.
 All right. Thank you, Governor.Carl?CAMERON Mayor Giuliani...
 Thank you, Congressman Paul. It is time for a break, but when we come back, we're going to take a look at the Middle East and have some questions about other world hot spots, right after these messages. Stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back, from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.Candidates, let's begin this round by talking about Iran.Governor Huckabee, did the American commander in the Strait of Hormuz the other day make the right decision by responding passively when approached aggressively by Iranian fast boats believed to be from the Revolutionary Guards? He also received, as you know, a warning that said that the American ships might be about to blow up.Did he make the correct call, sir?
 But, sir, in this instance, the American warships -- in this instance, however, the American warships were approached in a way that the commander said that he found provocative, indeed, aggressive. They also received a warning that suggested that the American ships might be blown up and things were thrown into the water. They didn't know what they were. They did nothing.Now, are you prepared to say, after what you just said about these people being willing to face the gates of Hell, that that was the right call?
 So you support that.
 Senator Thompson, same question to you. Right call?
 Mr. Mayor, what do you think.
 Senator McCain, you've been a naval commander. This group, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, has been designated a terrorist organization. They made an aggressive and provocative approach to our warships. There was no certainty they weren't about to set off bombs.What would you have done as a commander?
 Well, what if you had been the captain, what would you have done?
 Congressman Paul, what if this happens again?
 Congressman...
 Well, wait a minute. All of these people I've asked this question to so far have said they supported the decision to be passive. What are you responding to?
 Every one of these -- of your fellow candidates have said they supported the commander's decision to respond passively. I just wonder what you're reacting to.
 Governor Romney, if it happens again?
 If it happens again?
 Thank you, Governor.Wendell Goler has the next round of questions.Wendell?GOLER Gentlemen, let's continue this discussion of national security.GOLER Senator McCain, you and Joe Lieberman today published an op-ed declaring the surge of troops in Iraq has worked, though you warned against bringing home more troops this year than we sent to Iraq last year.Can Republicans win in November with Democrats arguing that there has been no real reduction of troops in a war that is now longer than World War II, a war that you, yourself, say a Republican administration mismanaged for the first three years?
 Thirty seconds.
 All right. Thank you, sir.GOLER Congressman Paul, can we go back to the Middle East? You have said the United States should not be trying to broker peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. Should the president even be there today, sir?
 Congressman Paul, 30 seconds.
 We'll extend this quickly.Thirty seconds, Mayor Giuliani, then Senator Thompson. Then we've got to move on.
 Thank you, Mr. Mayor.Senator Thompson?
 All right, thank you very much, gentlemen.More questions for the candidates after this quick break. Please stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we're back in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, with Chris Wallace, who continues the questioning.Chris?
 Thank you, Brit.Governor Romney, you have been pushing the theme of change recently. But after John McCain beat you in New Hampshire and Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama, is it just possible that voters want Washington experience more than they want change?
 ... but after John McCain beat you in New Hampshire and Hillary Clinton beat Barack Obama, is it just possible that voters want Washington experience more than they want change?
 Senator McCain, Governor Romney was more polite tonight than he sometimes is on the campaign trail. In fact, recently, he said, "There is no way John McCain can change Washington. He is Washington."Given the fact that you have been in Congress for a quarter of a century, are you part of the solution, sir, or are you part of the problem?
 Governor Huckabee, in your 10 years running Arkansas, you raised taxes. They were at the higher at the end of your 10 years than they were at the beginning by hundreds of millions of dollars, and you increased the size of government.Is that your idea of change, to be a big government Republican president?
 Senator Thompson, are you persuaded by the kind of change that Governor Huckabee is offering? And do you have a better alternative, sir?
 Governor Huckabee, you got kind of a glancing blow there. Would you like to respond for 30 seconds?
 Thank you very much.Carl, you have the next round.CAMERON Mayor Giuliani, in recent weeks, Senator McCain has suggested that your leadership in the aftermath of 9/11 doesn't quite constitute national security credentials, in so far as it's generally agreed that one of the challenges of our time is the war on terrorism.What equips you? What experience and skills do you bring that would make you a better commander-in-chief than the senator from Arizona?
 Congressman, thank you very much.We have to take one more break. We'll be right back, with one of the most contentious issues of the day. Stay tuned.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back for a final segment of questions.Gentlemen, because we've had a lot of rebuttal time tonight, we're going to ask you if you can, so we can get this in in the allotted time, to have answers of one minute, followed by 30-second rebuttals, if necessary.Wendell, you have the questions.GOLER And I'd like to focus on immigration, which polls indicate is a big issue here in South Carolina, as it was in New Hampshire.Senator McCain, the president's push for immigration reform failed mainly because of disagreements over your plan for dealing with the 12 million people now here illegally. You say you've learned your lesson, you'd secure the borders first. OK. Then how would you deal with the illegals?
 Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
 Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
 Thank you, sir.That is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of South Carolina. And also to the good folks here in Myrtle Beach.
 One of the five men sitting at this table tonight will be the Republican presidential nominee. We hope the discussion over the next 90 minutes will help you choose which one it should be.Here now are the five candidates.Rudy Giuliani, a former U.S. attorney and two-term mayor of New York City.Fred Thompson, former senator from Tennessee.Mike Huckabee, who served 10 years as governor of Arkansas.Mitt Romney, former governor of the neighboring state of Massachusetts.And John McCain, now serving his fourth term as U.S. senator from Arizona.Gentlemen, welcome. Let's get to it.Taxes are a big issue in New Hampshire, which of course is strongly anti-tax, and so let's start there. Governor Romney, you have gone after two of your rivals here at the table, Mike Huckabee and John McCain, for their record on taxes, but you don't mention that in your first year as governor you raised fees on individuals and corporations by more than $500 million.Would you explain, sir, why your record on taxes is better than your two competitors here at the table?
 Senator McCain, you have a minute to respond.
 But, Senator McCain, when you look at the fact that we survived 9/11, that we survived Hurricane Katrina, terrible blows to the economy and the economy kept growing, a lot of people say that's because of the Bush tax cuts that you voted against.
 Governor Romney, does that answer your concerns?
 I'm going to bring the rest of you in, but I want to give you, Senator McCain, a chance to respond to that.
 Governor Huckabee, you have also been a target of some of the tax ads from Governor Romney.
 We have all seen, also, a TV ad, not from Governor Romney, of you back in the old days, about 100 pounds ago and several years ago, in front of the Arkansas state legislature, basically calling for any kind of tax. And according to our study, during your time, 10 years, as governor, you raised taxes, net increase of half a billion dollars.So does Mitt Romney have a point when he talks about your record as a tax cutter?
 Governor Romney?
 Let me break in here.And it just reminds me of Admiral Stockdale, who said, who am I and why am I here, Mayor Giuliani. So let me ask you a question.You like to say that you cut taxes 23 times as mayor of New York, but in fact a number of those tax cuts were enacted over your opposition. There was a case in 1998 where you fought a city council for five months when they want today reduce a tax surcharge. And even before 9/11, you had left New York City with a $3 --almost a $3 billion deficit.So have you exaggerated your record on taxes and spending?
 Senator Thompson, you have unveiled a plan during this campaign that would extend the Bush tax cuts and the estate tax, repeal the alternative minimum tax and cut the corporate tax rate.
 The problem, according to some experts, is they say this would blow a hole in the deficit, and we'd reduce federal revenues by $2.5 trillion over 10 years.Now, when we talked about this on "FOX News Sunday," you say one of the ways that you would pay for it is by revamping Social Security and cutting benefits for Social Security.Question If the Democrats, as they almost certainly would, block that in Congress, isn't that whole plan pretty impractical?
 You're going to reduce the cost of living
 But this would reduce -- forgive me, sir. This would reduce the cost of living increase from what they currently are, if you change the index.
 That would increase the cost of living?
 Exactly.
 And what do you do when the Democrats say no?
 Anybody else here at the table want to support this? Still would be a cost of living increase, but reducing the increase in the cost of living. Anybody else want to do it?
 I want to talk about one other
 I want to talk about one other
 Sure, go ahead.
 I want to pivot the subject somewhat to the whole issue of change and populism, which is becoming two big themes in this campaign. At least for the moment, change seems to be the watchword of this campaign.And, Governor Huckabee, you are pushing a message of economic populism. Here's how you put it on the campaign trail recently. Let's watch.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 Now, Governor Huckabee, this was widely seen as you talking about Governor Romney. Does he remind you of someone who once laid you off?
 Governor Romney, do you have a problem with any of that?
 Let me bring in Mayor Giuliani here, because like it or not, one of the big ideas of this campaign, one of the original ideas that has been offered, is Government Huckabee with his fair tax, consumption tax, do away with the IRS, do away with the income tax.Mayor, good idea or bad idea?
 Senator Thompson, as we said, you have a tax plan. Mike Huckabee has a tax plan.What do you think of his fair tax?
 Gentlemen, I want to move back to this whole issue of change, which is where we started this section.Senator McCain, Governor Romney says that he's an outsider who can shake things up and that you have been in Washington forever and that you've had your chance.Who is better prepared to change Washington, you or Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney, you and I sat at that desk this morning, and you said to me, yes, John McCain is a reformer, but in his decades he's been an ineffective reformer. That was your word.
 This is the conversation that you, Governor Romney, and you, Senator McCain, have been having at long distance. You're right next to each other.Senator McCain, how do you respond to that argument?
 I want to pick up on that
 Well, national security is going to be the big issue in the next segment, but I want to give Mayor Giuliani a chance to get the last word in, well, the two of you to get the last word.Go ahead.
 Mayor Giuliani, you get the final minute.
 Gentlemen, we have to take a break here, but we will continue the Republican presidential forum on Fox News Channel and Fox News Radio right after these messages.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back now on Fox on the campus of Saint Anselm College outside Manchester, New Hampshire, with the five leading Republican presidential candidates. And we resume our special candidates forum.Gentlemen, let's turn to national security.Governor Romney, you made a statement about foreign policy experience that raised some eyebrows and led John McCain, that mild- mannered man, to actually launch his own attack ad.Let's take a listen to what you actually said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)NARRATOR McCain opposes repeal of the death tax and voted against the Bush
 We had a little bit of a mix-up there, but you know what you said. You say that we elect a leader, not an expert. But in these very dangerous times, don't we need somebody who has lived these issues and knows all the key players?
 Senator McCain, you have a minute to rebut. You made the ad targeting Governor Romney's comments. What's he missing?
 Senator McCain, you said the other day that Governor Romney was "looking at his shoes," quote-unquote, during the Iraq war debate. What does that mean?
 Governor Romney, a minute to respond?
 Governor Huckabee, you have criticized the Bush foreign policy for what you call its arrogant bunker mentality. You've said that we should shut down Guantanamo and ban waterboarding. You didn't know about the national intelligence estimate on Iran more than 24 hours after it was front page news. You didn't know that martial law was lifted in Pakistan two weeks after
  after it was. You said that it's a question as to whether or not it should be continued when it fact it had been lifted 10 days before
 Can you honestly -- let me ask the question. You can get the minute to answer. Can you honestly say that you are ready to be commander-in-chief of this country?
 But if I may get back to my original question commander-in-chief. And people see a pattern of either not knowing things or getting things wrong.
 Let me bring in Mayor Giuliani. John McCain says -- talk about a backhanded compliment -- that you did a great job of running New York after 9/11, but that it has
 But it has very little to do with national security. And he also points out that you still have never visited Iraq.
 He's sitting right over there. Explain
 Senator Thompson, there's kind of an interesting debate going on here, the question of foreign policy expertise which you and Senator McCain got in the Senate, versus management and executive expertise that the other three fellas have.Where do you come down on this? I suspect you
 I want to move on to another subject, but I want to give a couple of people time to clean up here.You got a mention of you, Governor Huckabee. You start. One minute.
 I want to move on to immigration, but, first, I want to give you, Senator McCain, a final minute.And, also, before you -- in the last segment, I thought I heard you say you know how to get Bin Laden. Is that true?
 How?
 All right. I want to move on to a subject that had a lot of sparks last night, and that is immigration.Senator McCain, I want to pick up with you, because Governor Romney, last night and has for some time, attacked your immigration reform plan, McCain-Kennedy, as amnesty.And the fact is while illegals would have to pay a fine, the vast majority would have gotten visas that would put them on the path to citizenship without ever having to leave the United States.Isn't that, that kind of guarantee, a form of amnesty?
 Governor?
 Governor Huckabee, at an earlier debate, you had a memorable exchange with Governor Romney about your plan that would have allowed the children of illegals in-state tuition to college. And, at the time, you said we shouldn't punish children from the actions of their parents.On the other hand, shortly after that, you came out with a very tough immigration plan, which mandates that all illegals must leave the country and return to their home within 120 days if they want to become legals. Aren't you in effect, in that plan, punishing those very children that you said you didn't want to punish?
 Well, that is actually a question I was going to ask.
 What about the children in school?
 Governor, I'm going to give you 30 seconds
  because we need to move on.Thirty seconds. If you have the child of an illegal immigrant and he is in high school in Little Rock, and now under the Huckabee -- President Huckabee's plan, he and his family all have to move back to Mexico, aren't you punishing that kid? He's a sophomore in high school and now he's been dragged out of Little Rock, and he's living in Tijuana.
 All right.Mayor Giuliani, back in 1994 -- and I'm not going to go through the quote, but you talked then about how much if you work hard, we want you in this city, talking about illegal immigrants. Now you have a very tough plan -- seal the border, crack down on employers.Why and when did you change your view about the value of immigrants?
 Senator Thompson, you say that both Governor Romney and Mayor Guiliani are latecomers to this whole issue
 OK. You say that you were walking the walk(CROSSTALK)
 You say that you were walking the walk before they were even talking the talk.Make your
 Yes, you did.
 Senator Thompson, thank you.Gentlemen, it's time for another quick break, but our Republican presidential forum continues here on FOX News Channel and FOX News Radio right after these messages.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back now for the final segment of our Candidates Forum from the Fox Box on the campus of Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire.Let's turn to the campaign and the way it is being waged. Mitt Romney has run negative ads against Mike Huckabee in Iowa and now John McCain in New Hampshire. Let's see some of his greatest hits.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)ANNOUNCER McCain opposes repeal of the death tax and voted against the Bush tax cuts twice. McCain pushed to let every illegal immigrant stay here permanently. He even voted to allow illegals to collect Social Security.ANNOUNCER Mike Huckabee? Soft on government spending. He grew a $6 billion government into a $16 billion Government, backed in-state tuition benefits for illegals, and granted 1,043 pardons and commutations, including 12 murderers. His foreign policy? "Ludicrous," says Condoleezza Rice.(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Senator McCain, back in 1988, Bob Dole famously said to George Bush, "Stop lying about my record."
 No, it didn't. But I want to ask you Is Mitt Romney lying about your record?
 You suggested after he lost in Iowa the negative ads were one of the reasons that Governor Romney lost.
 Governor Huckabee, you have said that Mitt Romney is running a, quote, "desperate and dishonest campaign." Explain.
 Governor Romney, why do your ads seem to spend so much time attacking your opponents rather than laying out a positive agenda of your own?
 Governor Huckabee, are you persuaded by Governor Romney's argument?
 Governor Romney, you said today that you felt that you have been hurt by the tag of flip-flopper, that in some people's minds it has stuck. And when we talked earlier today, you said that in fact you think your record as a flip-flopper pales in comparison to some of the other people up here at the table.
 Mayor Giuliani, you have been hurt, your campaign has, by ethics issues in recent weeks. Your former police commissioner, Bernie Kerik, has been indicted on corruption charges. There have been stories about your visiting your then girlfriend when you were still married.Do you have too much baggage to lead the Republican Party?
 I want to just follow up to this extent. Can you assure Republican voters, because you say these cases are settled, but in fact the Bernie Kerik case is not settled, is going to be a trial, a prosecution -- can you assure Republican voters that nothing will come out
  which does allegedly involve links to organized crime, that nothing will come out that will embarrass Republican voters if you are the nominee.
 Senator McCain, you will be 72 years old by election day. That means that if you are elected, you would be the oldest first-term president in the history of this country
 Senator McCain, you will be 72 years old by Election Day. That means that if you are elected, you would be the oldest first-term president in the history of this country. The other day you suggested that you might only run for one term.Let's take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 Would you -- let me just ask
  would you consider pledging to run for only four years?
 Gentlemen, we have about five minutes left.
 We have about five minutes left.
 And I want to ask you each -- it's not a closing statement, but it's the same question for all of you. And we'll start with Mayor Giuliani and work our way down the table here.All the polls indicate that this looks, at least at this point, like it's going to be a Democratic year. To beat Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, you're going to have to energize a dispirited Republican base, you're going to have to reach out to Independents.I'd like each of you, starting with Mayor Giuliani, to tell me, tell the audience, why you are the best person to be the Republican nominee and to win, hold the White House for Republicans.Mayor?
 Senator Thompson?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Governor Romney?
 And Senator McCain?
 Gentlemen, that's it for the FOX Republican Presidential Candidates Forum. Now all of you go your separate ways, with just one full day of campaigning left before the first-in-the- nation primary here.Thank you all for taking part in this. And good luck in the campaign trail to all of you.
 Well, it is time for the great debate to begin. Let's go to Charlie Gibson at St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.Charlie?
 Thanks very much, Diane.And we have been joined on the stage by the six leading Republican candidates for the Republican nomination for president. And I want to introduce them to you from left to right.The positions in which they sit were drawn by lot, and so let me introduce them from left to right Senator John McCain from the state of Arizona, former Senator Fred Thompson from Tennessee, Congressman Ron Paul from Texas, former Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, former Governor Mike Huckabee from Arkansas, and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani from the city of New York.And, gentlemen, just at the risk of being repetitive, I hope you will take the questions posed in these first 45 minutes and I hope, to the extent we can, discuss them among yourselves.
 This is not about me asking questions, as I told the national audience a few moments ago, but about you talking to one another, pointing up the differences between yourselves.I hope you will think of this as sort of a semi-circular dining room table. We were a little chintzy on the food, but I hope you will look at it that way.I thank you all for being here and I genuinely look forward to this, so let us begin. And I'll start the stop-watch.President Bush said in his end-of-the-year news conference, "During the primaries and during the general election I suspect my name may come up a lot." So let's bring it up.I want to start with foreign policy. Just to set some context, we've got a little background here from ABC's Jonathan Karl.(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)JONATHAN KARL, ABC CORRESPONDENT When he was on the debate stage eight years ago...GEORGE W. BUSH, R-TX If we're an arrogant nation, they'll resent us. If we're a humble nation...KARL ... candidate George Bush promised a humble foreign policy.After September 11, a new Bush doctrine the United States would hit its enemies before they hit us.KARL Hence, the Iraq war.On terrorism, President Bush told the world you're either with us or you're against us. With the second term, an even bolder vision.PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH With the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.(END VIDEOTAPE)KARL Sounding like Woodrow Wilson, the president vowed to push for democracy everywhere.There are exceptions. Support for Musharraf in Pakistan, for example, and the nuclear deal offered to North Korea.From the axis of evil to nation-building in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Bush policy has been bold but not exactly humble.Charlie?
 So, let me start with a general question If you are the nominee, will you run on the Bush foreign policy record, or will you run away from it?And, Governor Huckabee, let me start with you, because it was you who wrote that the Bush foreign policy reflects an arrogant bunker mentality.
 Senator Thompson?SENLOSER Well, I think that maybe the governor has rethought his comments that he made about an arrogant foreign policy, because it seems now what he's saying is that we were arrogant because we didn't go in with enough troops.SENLOSER I think that's kind of a different impression than the one that he originally sought to leave.I don't think our foreign policy has been arrogant. Presidents are not perfect; policies are not perfect.But the bottom line is, we are in a global war with radical Islam. They declared on us -- war on us a long, long time ago. We took note, really, for the first time on September 11 of 2001.We must do whatever is necessary to protect ourselves.We weren't considered to be arrogant in Afghanistan when we went in there and won that conflict.I agree that we made a mistake in terms of going into Iraq as far as the number of troops are concerned. And I think a flawed strategy also. I think that's been rectified now. And I think we're on the -- on the way to prevailing there.And because we are prevailing there, I think it's going to be for a safer United States of America.
 Mayor Giuliani, would you run on the president's foreign policy record or away from it?MAYORLOSER I think you run on your foreign policy ideas, theories and policies, which I've laid out in articles.And I think the president got the big decision of his presidency right the big decision that he made on September 20th, 2001, when he put us on offense against Islamic terrorism. And I give him great credit for that. Because we had been dealing with Islamic terrorism incorrectly up until then. We had been on defense. We had been responding.The president set a whole different mindset. It was Let's anticipate, let's see if we can prevent another attack.That led to Afghanistan, it led to Iraq, it's led to the Patriot Act, it's led to electronic surveillance, it's led to changing our intelligence services. All that is very, very good.Mistakes have also been made. Mistakes were made particularly in the period of time after the capture of Saddam Hussein and, now, a year ago, when we got to the surge policy.
 Well, let me bring up...MAYORLOSER And...
 I'm sorry. Go ahead.MAYORLOSER ... if I may add, I think one of the things that would help answer some of the issues that have come up is, we should increase the size of our military.Bill Clinton cut the military drastically. It was called the peace dividend, one of those nice-sounding phrases very devastating. It was a 25, 30 percent cut in the military.President Bush has never made up for that. Our Army had been at 725,000; it's down to 500,000. We need at least 10 more combat brigades. We need our Marines at 200,000. We need a 300-ship Navy.This president should do it now. If I'm president, I'll do it immediately.
 Let me just ratchet up the question slightly and ask you if you believe in the Bush doctrine.Because in September 2002 -- up for years, our foreign policy has been based on the idea that we form alliances, international consensus. We attack -- retaliate if we're attacked.But in 2002, the president said we have a right to a pre-emptive attack, that we can attack if this country feels threatened.
 And on that basis, WMD, we went into Iraq. We've cited the threat of a nuclear Iran to leave the military option on the table.Do you agree with the doctrine, Senator McCain, if you were president, or would you change it?
 Congressman Paul, let me ask you, do you agree with the Bush doctrine, or would you change it?
 You can break in here, Governor Romney.
 Sure.SENLOSER Can we comment on that?I served on the Intelligence Committee in the Senate. I was the floor manager for the Republicans on the homeland security bill, so I have a bit of a different vantage point than some of my colleagues on this.The question had to do with preemption.Preemption didn't just appear one day as a good idea. After the Cold War, we had one big enemy and one big weapon against us. When we, kind of, took a holiday from history in the 1990s and let our military slide and our intelligence capability slide, the world was changing. We now have multiple enemies. We now have terrorists and terrorist groups, Al Qaida, rogue nations in different stages of developing nuclear weapons.SENLOSER We must be prepared for the different kind of weaponry that we're facing. We could be attacked with a biological weapon and not even know it for a long period of time. This is a different world.So, instead of mutual assured destruction, which we lived under for a long time, it's now a world where preemption has got to be an option under the right circumstances.
 So you would keep the Bush policy?SENLOSER Things that happen on the other side of the world sometimes can affect us, such as perhaps Pakistan.We should only go in where we should and where we're able to.
 Let me...MAYORLOSER Charlie?
 Yeah, go ahead.MAYORLOSER Just make one point.Ron's analysis is really seriously flawed. The idea that the attack took place because of American foreign policy is precisely the reason I handed back a $10 million check to a Saudi prince who gave me the money at ground zero for the twin towers fund and then put out a press release saying America should change its foreign policy.MAYORLOSER It seems to me, if you don't face this squarely -- there's an Islamic, terrorism threat against us. It's an existential threat. It has nothing to do with our foreign policy. It has to do with their ideas, their theories, the things that they have done and the way they've perverted their religion into a hatred of us.And what's at stake are the things that are best about us our freedom of religion, our freedom for women, our right to vote, our free economic system.Our foreign policy is irrelevant -- totally irrelevant. If you read what they write, if you bother to listen to what they say, this comes out of their own perverted thinking.
 Go ahead.
 Just before we -- before we stop, Governor, I owe you a few seconds. Because you -- somebody said, no, Senator Thompson said we're not arrogant, we're not bunker mentality.(CROSSTALK)
 Very quickly. You after Governor Romney.
 Very quickly.
 All right. Let me stop this...MAYORLOSER I could go on and on. The attack on Leon Klinghoffer.Islamic terrorists have attacked us...
 Gentlemen...
 I did start it. Yes, I did.MAYORLOSER Charlie, you wanted a free-for-all.It is important to make this point. Just the opposite, Ron. I have great respect for the Islamic religion. I have great respect for the Arab world, for the Middle East.I think we should be closer to them. I think we should trade more with them. I think we should have cultural exchanges with them.The overwhelming majority of the Islamic world...
 (inaudible)MAYORLOSER ... and on the evening of September 11, 2001, the day my city was attacked, I got on television, and I said to the people of my city, "We're not going to engage in group blame. This is a small group of people. This does not typify a great religion and a great people."MAYORLOSER I do not accept that criticism.(CROSSTALK)
 I'm going to move on to domestic policy. And I'm going to violate a promise that I made to all of your campaigns.I promised that we wouldn't do any questions on video tape, questions from somebody outside this room. But I'm going to violate it with a question from the president of the United States, who posed a question that I think is important about all of you, posed a question at his last news conference about what he thought candidates ought to be as they ran.
 Take a look.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)BUSH You can't be the president unless you have a firm set of principles to guide you as you sort through all the problems the world faces.And I would be very hesitant to support somebody who relied upon opinion polls and focus groups to define a way forward for a president.It is -- and so, my question, if I were asking questions to people running for office, what are the principles that you will stand on, in good times and bad times? What would be the underpinning of your decisions?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 What are the principles, and are they constant?
 You all have been questioning, as I've watched you campaign, you've all been questioning your opponents.And I'm going to ask, Senator McCain, you and Governor Romney, because you two have been going at each other, in interviews and in ads about this, of the constancy of your principles or whether or not you look to opinion polls and focus groups to make up your minds.So let me have the two of you dialogue with each other about this and answer the president's questions, and then I'll bring the other four in and give them equal time.
 All right. Let me turn to Mayor Giuliani.I must say, you don't sound like two guys who've been sniping at one another over and over in your ads and interviews.You sound different.Mayor Giuliani?MAYORLOSER I think what the president had in mind is that at the core of leadership is knowing what you believe, standing for something.Ronald Reagan was my hero in that respect. I wrote about it in my book, "Leadership." And I think one of the things President Bush was getting at is that too many people in politics today put their finger up and go with the poll.You know, you can see it in some of our Democratic colleagues, changing their position...
 But let me interrupt you for...MAYORLOSER What do I stand for?I laid out 12 commitments to the American people. I wrote them out. The first one is the most important keeping this country on offense in the Islamic terrorist war against us.The rest of them lay out what I believe this country has to do over the next four years. That would be my guidepost. If I'm elected president, I'll put that card on my desk. And every day I will try to accomplish it.End illegal immigration. Solve health care through private options. Reduce taxes. Reduce the size of government on the civilian side.MAYORLOSER Expand the military. Appoint strict constructionist judges.These'll be the beliefs that I have, the way Ronald Reagan got elected to increase the size of the military, to reduce taxes.
 Let me interrupt you for just a sec, because, with all due respect, many of your fellows here on this stage have said you'd had to moderate an awful lot of your views to get within the mainstream of the Republican Party, and that you don't believe now what you believed when you were a mayor.Governor Huckabee, you've been accused of having been a tax-and- spend governor when you were in Arkansas and changing your beliefs now.Governor Romney, I don't have to go into how many times they've told -- called you a flip-flopper in terms of issues and what you believed as governor of Massachusetts.Congressman Paul, with respect to you, I don't know that you've changed much, except your party...... because you were a Libertarian when you first ran for president.Senator Thompson has been accused of running on a more conservative record for president than when he was in the Senate.And, Senator McCain, you've been accused of moderating your views on the Bush tax policies in order to get into the mainstream of the party and on immigration, to moderate your views.MAYORLOSER Charlie, that's the reason why you lay out the things that you believe in.MAYORLOSER There are beliefs that you have that you're not going to vary from, no matter what the winds of change bring about. There are some that you are going to change.Look at Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan had three prime goals to increase the size of the military to win the Cold War, to reduce taxes and to reduce the deficit. He accomplished two of the three. The third one he wasn't able to accomplish, probably because the first two, in his view, were more important.So of course you can't accomplish every single thing that you want. Over a period of time, your views on things are going to change. But if your essential philosophy stays the same, the way it did with Ronald Reagan, the way it did with our great presidents, that's what leadership is about.
 Governor Huckabee?
 And I take your statement. It is an interesting statement of the basis that we all believe in this country.
 But you started by saying But we can change our policies -- -- how often did you say?
 Senator Thompson?SENLOSER Everyone has kind of a wish list. I think it's most important, though, that a president of the United States understand that our principles, our first principles are based on the Constitution of the United States -- understanding the nature of our government, the checks and the balances, the separation of powers that our founding fathers set up a long time ago.SENLOSER There's a reason for that. They knew about human nature. They learned from the wisdom of the ages.They set the government up according to that. They set the powers out in the Constitution of the federal government, and they basically said if the powers aren't delineated in this document they don't exist.And then we got the 10th Amendment that says if they're not delineated they belong to the people and to the states.That's fundamental to everything else.And then we grew from that, principles such as a dollar belongs in the pocket of the person that earned it, unless the government can make a case that it can spend it better. You don't spend money that you don't have, and you certainly don't spend your grandchildren's money with debt that they're not at the table when the decision has been made to spend it.
 I'm going to run out of time on this, but I want to come back to that point.Go ahead.
 Let me turn for the next few moments to health care.The Democrats have talked a lot about this, and they have spelled out some pretty specific health care plans.But what you propose, what you have talked about in terms of health care, in many ways represents a more basic change in the way health insurance would be obtained.A little background on that, ABC's medical editor, Dr. Tim Johnson.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)DR. TIM JOHNSON, ABC MEDICAL EDITOR In general, Republicans have criticized Democratic proposals for health care reform as radical expansions of the federal government's role.But many health care experts say that it is actually the Republicans' emphasis on individuals buying their own policies versus getting their insurance through employers that is a more radical change.DR. JOHNSON And it raises concerns. Individual policies can be more expensive for the same coverage because of administrative overhead and sales costs.Group policies like those provided by employers can bargain with providers for lower costs and do a better job of monitoring quality.Medical professionals caution that individual insurance may sound good on paper but it usually turns out to be very difficult for people, on their own, to find quality policies at the right cost.Charlie?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 All right. Dr. Tim Johnson, thanks very much.We're the only industrialized nation in the world that doesn't insure all of our citizens. If we can afford a trillion-dollar war in Iraq, why can't we afford medical insurance for everybody?Governor -- Mayor -- Mr. Mayor?MAYORLOSER The reality is that, with all of its infirmities and difficulties, we have the best health care system in the world. And it may be because we have a system that still is, if not wholly, at least in large part still private.To go in the direction that the Democrats want to go, much more government care, much more government medicine, socialized medicine, is going to mean a deteriorated state of medicine in this country.MAYORLOSER I mean, I said, jokingly, in one debate, if we go in the direction of socialized medicine, where will Canadians come for health care?(CROSSTALK)
 But do you all agree that we have the best health care system in the world?
 You all have proposed free market, consumer-purchased insurance. And you all talk about giving tax deductions for buying insurance.Let me do a little math. The average family employer-provided insurance, when the company's buying, it's $13,000 a family.Now, you talked about a $15,000 to $20,000 deduction -- right? -- for people buying their own insurance. If you take a median-income family of $62,000 in this country, you've just saved them $3,000 on their taxes. That doesn't come close to buying an insurance policy.
 And to get health care costs...
 Anybody...
 Senator Thompson?SENLOSER Ahem.
 But Government Romney's system has mandates in Massachusetts, although you backed away from mandates on a national basis.
 Governor, (inaudible) you imposed tax penalties in Massachusetts (inaudible).
 We have an expression in television We get in the weeds. We're in the weeds now on this.(CROSSTALK)
 Let me just -- one point. Yes or no, in your national plan, would you mandate people to get insurance?
 In your plan, would you mandate...
 OK.
 I want to give Governor Huckabee a little time. Then we've got to go.
 And I've got to go.But Senator McCain has talked a lot about controlling costs, and you bring up the issue in controlling costs. And all the experts say to me, Look, if you're going to control costs, you got to do three things. You're going to limit access to technology, you're going to limit, in some way, change the reimbursement system for doctors and hospitals, or you're going to have to limit the amount of treatments. That's the only way we can bring costs down.And that's the third rail of health care. Which of you is going to touch any of that?
 Yes, it was directed to you.
 Because there's a primary there.
 That's too late.
 I've got to call a halt. We're going to take a commercial break. We'll come back. I'm going to be joined by Scott Spradling from WMUR, and we're going to go to some more direct questions.Stay with us The Republican debate continues from Manchester.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 For the second 45 minutes of this debate, I'm going to be joined by Scott Spradling, who is political director of our station, WMUR, here in Manchester, New Hampshire.And I would say, during that three-minute break, that all of the candidates headed for the wings, and I thought it might just be the two of us here for the last 45 minutes.And I'm so relieved...... to say that they all came back Senator McCain, Senator Thompson, Congressman Paul, Governor Romney, Governor Huckabee, Mayor Giuliani, it's good to have all of you with us.We're going to do some more direct questions. We've got tally lights this time. We're going to limit you in the length of your answers. And if you want to respond, in these first questions, you're certainly welcome to do so.Why don't you start, Scott?SPRADLING Senator McCain, good evening.
 We got the tally lights this time.Governor?
 That's all right.
 (inaudible)
 Well, I don't want to divert. Let me come back to your plan.(CROSSTALK)
 Is it practical to take 12 million people and send them out of the country? Is it practical?
 Go ahead.MAYORLOSER Charlie, if Ronald Reagan were here, who we all invoke, who would grab the microphone, say, "It's my microphone, I paid for it."MAYORLOSER And Ronald Reagan did amnesty. He actually did amnesty. I think he'd be in one of Mitt's negative commercials.And he is the hero of our party.None of us, none of us has a perfect record on immigration because this is a very complicated problem. The thing that we have to do is we have to decide who has the best plan among all of us for fixing illegal immigration.You got to stop it at the border. You got to stop it cold at the border. And then you have to have a rational system.It is not amnesty. If you charge -- I did this more in my life than I did politics, meaning law enforcement -- if you charge fines, if you have impositions of conditions, it is not amnesty.Ronald Reagan gave amnesty, saying they have to pay a fine, have to get on the back of the line, have a whole bunch of conditions...(CROSSTALK)
 What would you do, Senator?MAYORLOSER Someone gets amnesty from a crime...SENLOSER You can have -- you can have -- you can have enforcement by attrition if you obey the law and you enforce the law that's on the books today.If we started securing the border, as we are supposed to do -- and we're all in agreement that it must be done now.SENLOSER I mean, we arrest thousands, over the years, of people from countries that are state sponsors of terrorism. I mean, it's essentially a national security issue, as well as an issue of fairness, as well as a social issue with regard to what states and communities have to face nowadays, and workers who are in competition with this.If we enforced the borders so people couldn't go back and forth, if we assisted employers with a system that we now have on the books that 20,000, 30,000 employers now are using, a verification system so you could essentially punch a button, the Homeland Security folks will tell you whether or not this person is illegal on the front end, and if we stop sanctuary cities where we're telling local people that you can't cooperate with federal authorities, and stop inducing people to come here with employment and protection under sanctuary cities, as Mayor Giuliani did when he was mayor of New York, then we would have -- we would have attrition of these numbers and start reversing...(CROSSTALK)MAYORLOSER I have to answer...(CROSSTALK)
 Our process of limiting these answers is going just to Hades.MAYORLOSER I have to answer that -- I have to answer that question. New York City was not a sanctuary city. New York City turned in the names of every single person who committed a crime or was suspected of a crime.SENLOSER What about just being illegal?MAYORLOSER Well, New York City turned in the names of all people that were illegal, with only three exceptions. One exception was for children that were going to school. We had 70,000 children of illegals. I was not going to leave them on the street. I am proud that I continued that policy. It would have been inhumane to do anything else.SENLOSER We passed a bill in 1996...MAYORLOSER Let me finish. Let me finish.Second, we said, "If you come into a hospital and you need treatment for an emergency, you'll be treated." It would have been inhumane to do anything else.And we said, "If you report crimes, we will take those reports." And we wanted those reports of crimes because they helped us to reduce crime...(CROSSTALK)SENLOSER All right. Go back and look at the record. In 1996, Congress -- the United States Congress, when I was there, when I was in the Senate, we passed a bill outlawing illegal amnesty.SENLOSER I'm serious. Rudy went to court and sued to overturn what we'd passed in legislation. We weren't trying to throw children out on the street either. I think if you...MAYORLOSER Those are the three narrow categories that I was objecting to. They all had to do with humane conditions. It was a policy that was...SENLOSER We were (inaudible) inhumane conditions.(CROSSTALK)
 Governor Huckabee is sitting here with a quiet smile, just thinking, "OK, let them fight; I'm going to stay out of this."So I want to bring you in quickly, and then Congressman Paul, then we will move on.
 Congressman Paul?
 Yes.
 So noted. So noted. So noted.
 I'm going to keep us on time. Go ahead.SPRADLING Senator Thompson, I'd like to get your take on that you vs. Senator Barack Obama. Why not him?SENLOSER Well, Senator Obama has adopted the position of every liberal interest group in this country as best I can tell; all the major ones, the NEA and everyone who's stepped forth with a position paper on these issues. His positions are very liberal positions.SENLOSER His first alternative to all problems, as best I can see, is not only the government, but the federal government.He's talking in generalities right now. As the time goes on, the process goes on, I think he'll have to be more definitive. But it's clear from what he's said so far that he's taking that position.And as far as change is concerned, the change we need is to go to constitutional principles, the first principles this country was founded upon, respect for the rule of law, market economies, free people doing free things, and a country that doesn't tax and spend it's people to death, that's doesn't regulate the life blood out of them, doesn't spend money that it doesn't have.And that's not the direction they want to go in. They want to take us down the road of the welfare state, essentially, and a road that I think would lead us to a weaker position in terms of national security.SPRADLING We'll move off-topic in a moment, but, Senator, you served with Mr. Obama.
 Mr. Mayor?MAYORLOSER I think the problem Barack Obama would have is, first of all, he's never run a city, never run a state, never run a business. I don't think at a time when America's at war, with the major problems that we face, we're going to want someone to get on- the-job experience as the chief executive, never having had that kind of experience.I do think he's embraced change, but change is a concept. Is it change for good or change for bad?MAYORLOSER Changing, and having higher taxes, in my view, would be very bad for our economy. Changing, and moving toward socialized medicine would be very bad for our health care system.Changing, by a precipitous withdrawal from Iraq, without considering the consequences -- he voted for giving the enemy a timetable of our retreat in Iraq. Unheard of in a time of war.So I would say that virtually the same issues that exist between me and, let's say, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Edwards, they are really issues between Republicans and Democrats.And in the case of Senator Obama, he really doesn't have the experience, either from the national security point of view or even from just the executive point of view.
 Governor Huckabee?
 Congressman Paul?
 Let me move on.People in this state, and everywhere, are worried about gas prices.
 When 2007 began, oil was $61 a barrel. It was $100 last week. We haven't even begun to see the demand that India and China is going to put on the world's oil markets.Don't you have to, in the end, level with people that gas prices are at this level to stay and, if anything, they're going to go higher?And isn't not to do so intellectual dishonesty?Anybody?
 Senator?
 Any of you, by the...MAYORLOSER Charlie, we really have to take the idea of energy independence and turn it into a program for energy independence. We've been talking about it since Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter -- never done it. And it has to be done on the scale of putting a man on the moon.All of the things that they've all talked about, we've talked about it a long time; we just haven't done it.MAYORLOSER We've got to expand nuclear. We've got to do clean coal. We've got to expand the use of hybrid vehicles, wind, solar, hydroelectric, liquid natural gas, natural gas, domestic oil, more refineries.Senator Thompson is absolutely right We haven't built a refinery, I think, if 30 years. We haven't licensed a nuclear power plant in 30 years.France is 80 percent nuclear. We're 20 percent nuclear. China is building 40 nuclear power plants. We're having trouble getting one licensed for the last 30 years.If we don't make this a major program, led by the president of the United States, the way Eisenhower started the program to put a man on the moon and then Kennedy followed and then Johnson followed and Nixon got it done -- two Republicans, two Democrats -- it should be an American achievement.
 Nuclear is a very interesting issue here in the state of New Hampshire.Governor Huckabee?
 In 10 years?
 We are just about out of time, but, Governor Romney, you're going to have the final word.
 And with that, gentlemen, we conclude the Republican debate, and I thank you. And I think you are due a round of applause.
 Hello, I'm Carolyn Washburn, editor of the Des Moines Register, and welcome to day one of the Des Moines Register debates.Today we're going to talk with nine Republican candidates for President of the United States. The Democrats have spent lots of quality time in debates during this campaign, but this is the first time since summer that the Republicans have gone head to head in Iowa, and it's a critical time. Six in ten Iowa Republicans who say they expect to caucus told us just two weeks ago that they could still be persuaded to support another candidate, and now we're down to 22 days to go. So we're going to focus on issues Iowans say they still want to know more about. We won't talk a lot about the issues like Iraq or immigration. They are important issues, no doubt, but Iowans say they know where the candidates are coming from on those. Instead we'll dig in on issues that need more clarification. Iraq or immigration may come up because, of course, everything is interrelated, but we're not going to spend concentrated time on those.First, I'd like to welcome the candidates. Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of the city of New York. Congressman Duncan Hunter of California. Congressman Ron Paul of Texas. Congressman Tom Tancredo of Colorado. Former Senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee. Mitt Romney, former Governor of Massachusetts. Former Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. Senator John McCain of Arizona. And Ambassador Alan Keyes of Maryland.Thanks to all of you for being with us today despite the ice yesterday.The rules are pretty simple. I'll ask the questions and let you know how much time you have. There are timing lights. You'll see a yellow light when you have ten seconds left, and a red light when it's, please, time to stop. I will try not to be a grinch about it, but I do ask you to respect the time so that we cover as much time as possible. I will offer up to 30 seconds of rebuttal time for any candidate criticized by name, and I may allow other candidates to respond if we have time. I'll explain everything as we go along, so let's begin.
 We're going to start with a discussion about the financial situation facing our country, which was the single biggest issue Iowans of both parties wanted you to talk about. I'd like to ask everyone briefly to answer this question, and then we're going to talk more specifically. The Comptroller General has said the U.S. faces a tsunami of debt that is a great threat to our national security. Do you agree our country's financial situation creates a security risk, and why or why not? We're going to just go down the line starting with Mayor Giuliani, and please limit your answers on this to 30 seconds.
 Okay, yes or not, I just want to be sure I'm clear, is that a threat to our national security? Yes or no, please.
 We do need to stay at 30 seconds. This is not the time to get behind. Congressman?
 The reason why it becomes a national security problem is because the bulk of our imbalance of trade is a result of our importation of oil from countries that are not our friends. That's really where it rests. Most of the rest of the stuff we bring in doesn't constitute that kind of threat to the United States, but when we are supplying funds, supplying the funds for the people in other countries that have an intent, a malicious intent in regard to the United States, it's a national security issue. So, of course, energy independence is one huge step in the direction of trying to alleviate that problem.
 Senator?
 Governor?
 Ambassador?KEYES I think it's obviously a national security problem, but you have to understand what national security is. The Constitution defines it as securing the blessings of liberty. It has to do with the security of our people. If you want to secure the blessings of liberty for the American people, you cut off the spigot that funds the political ambitions of our leaders by abolishing the income tax and restoring control of 100% of their income to the American worker. That means you replace it with a fair tax system that puts the American people in control of their money. By doing that you will encourage the politicians to stop spending to fund their little political cliques and only limit their spending to what produces results for the American people.
 Thank you. I want to dig into the budget issue a little bit more. You'll have 30 seconds to answer this next question. Again, I want to start with Mayor Giuliani. What sacrifices would you ask Americans to make to lower the country's debt? And I'd like you to be specific.
 Mayor, you've said you would cut non-militarial spending 10% across the board. What sort of sacrifices would that require from people who use those government services?
 Thank you. Congressman Paul, what sacrifices would you ask Americans to make for debt reduction?
 So, Governor Huckabee, your colleagues seem to think there is no sacrifice needed to reduce the debt. Do you agree? What would you do?
 Governor Romney, I'd like you to address this first. You'll have one minute. Are there programs or situations that are so important that you'd be willing to run a deficit to pay for them?
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Congressman Tancredo, how would you answer that?
 I would say there is a way  a very clear way to actually establish what the government needs to do in order to reduce the costs that it incurs and to do what is right, and that is called follow the Constitution of this country. The Constitution is a limiting document. It tells the federal government what it can and cannot do. Today we do far too many things that exceed the constitutional bounds that are placed there. We have a responsibility. It is to protect and defend this country. Concentrate on that. Concentrate on doing what's right and what the Constitution itself gives us the responsibility for, and the rest of that stuff becomes extraneous. And honestly, if you think about it, if you ask America what would you do, what would you sacrifice, the one thing I would say is this don't ask the government for womb to tomb protection for your life, to build a bubble around you because all of that will cost a humongous amount of money, but we will respond to you, politician will do it because they want the votes. Don't ask, and I guarantee you may administration will remain inside the bounds of the Constitution.
 Senator Thompson, could you answer that? Are there programs or situations so important you'd be willing to run a deficit for them?
 Which leads nicely to the next question. I want to go down the line in reverse order and hear from everyone very briefly, please, 15 seconds or so, who in this country is paying more than a fair share of taxes relative to everyone else? The wealthy, the middle class, the poor, or corporations? Starting with Mr. Keyes.KEYES That's one of those let's you and him fight questions that people in the media always want to get us involved in because they would like to pretend that the tax question is about fighting amongst ourselves, when the real sacrifice that's required from the American people, we need to start sacrificing some of these incumbents who have funded their political ambition using our money.
 Remember, we have 15 seconds.KEYES Who have spent overboard into the deficits after promising us on the Republican side that they would limit the government and then produce the highest budget deficits in the history of our country. I think we need to stop listening to these phonies and start looking for people who will actually fulfill the words that they speak. That's what I think.
 Senator McCain?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Governor Romney?
 Okay. A little snappier, gentlemen. Senator Thompson?
 Congressman?
 Everyone that is presently paying tax can make a case that they're paying too much. The reality is, of course, you need a different system entirely. We do need to move away from this arcane  a system that taxes productivity, which is what we do, to a system that allows for a fair tax. I believe in that.
 Thank you. Congressman?
 Mayor?
 Thank you. Periodically throughout the debate we'll give each of the candidates 30 seconds to make a free statement. The candidates drew for the order, and we'll hear from the first two candidates now, Senator McCain followed by Congressman Hunter.
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER I stand for a strong national defense, enforceable borders, and bringing back high-paying manufacturing jobs to this country, that we've pushed offshore with bad trade deals. I've been a member of the Armed Services Committee for 26 years now, and I've chaired that committee for four years, and I'm one of the few guys up here who's worn the uniform of the United States. And my own son has done, now, three tours in the Middle East, coming back on Thanksgiving. I know what it takes to secure this country. I also built that border fence in San Diego that worked so well, and I wrote the law that takes it across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. And as President, I will finish that border fence in six months.
 Thank you. I want to come back to some issues that affect the economy. You'll have 30 seconds again. The longer you go on, the shorter you'll have to go. Thirty seconds to answer these questions, and we're going to start with Congressman Paul. One in five jobs in Iowa depends on exports to foreign countries. But we're also exporting a lot of high-wage manufacturing jobs. What's your plan for keeping foreign markets open while protecting good-paying American jobs?
 Governor Romney, would you answer that?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Thank you. Some of our big trading partners commit human rights violations. Considering that poverty and abuse are often blamed for fostering terrorism, should we alter trade policies with those countries? Senator McCain?
 I'm going to move to the next question. What specific changes should be made in NAFTA? Mayor Giuliani?
 Senator Thompson, what specific changes would you make to NAFTA?
 Congressman Tancredo?
 NAFTA has been a disaster for a lot of places and especially Mexico. Southern Mexico, it was a disaster. It destroyed the entire agricultural economy. Guess what happened. They all came north. If NAFTA had worked so well, as everybody on this stage appears to think it did, why would we still have so much pressure on our southern border from people trying to escape from a country that does not provide them with the economic opportunities that NAFTA promised? What, of course, is also engrained in this whole discussion is the lack of sovereignty, the fact that our borders are meaningless, the fact that Mexican trucks can come across without  essentially without being checked. These are the problems with NAFTA, and they have to be unwound.
 Congressman Hunter, you wanted in on that?HUNTER Absolutely, you know, we had a $3 billion trade surplus with Mexico when we passed NAFTA, and the advocates said we're going to build on that surplus. Today we have a massive trade loss. We went immediately to a $15 billion trade loss. We had that now for the last many years. Let me tell you, if you take your product made in Iowa down to the Mexican border right now, you will pay a 15-percent tariff, which they moved into place after we passed NAFTA. You know, trade deals are business deals between nations. And we haven't made good business deals between nations, and NAFTA is a bad business deal.
 I want to move on and hear the free statements from our next two candidates. Congressman Paul first and then Senator Thompson.
 Senator Thompson?
 Thank you. I want to take on a new issue. I would like to see a show of hands. How many of you believe global climate change is a serious threat and caused by human activity?
 No hand shows today.
 And so does that mean  is that yes or no for you? Do you believe that global climate change is a serious threat and caused by human activity?
 No.
 No, you know 
 We're going to follow up on that, but what I need to know is who believes global climate change is serious and caused by human activity, and then we'll talk more in detail about it.I do. I believe that global climate change is real.Let's have a chance to talk about it.(All speaking at once)
 I'm going to start with Senator McCain and come back to Mayor Giuliani.
 Mayor Giuliani?
 Who doesn't agree?HUNTER He said contributing but not totally Yeah.Okay.(Laughter)
 Let me come at it this way. Let me come at it this way. What impact on the economy would be acceptable in order to reverse global warming and greenhouse gas emissions? Governor Romney?
 Mr. Keyes, what do you think about this?KEYES Well, what I think is that a lot of folks out there ought to understand that what you're watching represents the situation in our country. Ask yourself who represents the people they don't let you hear from, and you'll know who you should vote for in the Iowa caucuses. Who represents the voice that they're absolutely determined to overlook in the discussion of our sovereignty and the betrayal of this people's sovereignty? On the border, on our moral principles, on the major export overseas, which is our jobs, these folks represent the very elite who year after year after year have destroyed our Constitution, betrayed our rights, and undermined our strength created by our people in the world.
 And yet the one person willing to talk about that is overlooked time and time again. That person represents you.
 Let me  Let me KEYES I'm in favor of reducing global warming because I think the most important emission we need to control is the hot air emission of the politicians who pretend one thing and don't deliver.Absolutely.Doctor, heal thyself.(All speaking at once)(Laughter)
 Let me come to a question that Iowans may not let you out of answering. Governor Huckabee, you've said you support increasing government mandates requiring motorists use 36 million gallons of biofuels by 2022, which is six times what we're producing this year. Are you willing to increase that mandate even if it will drive up feed for livestock or force consumers to buy flex fuel vehicles?
 So are you willing to increase the mandate?
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER You know, I say instead of mandates, incentives. The problem with mandating only biofuels, and, you know, ethanol's not the greatest thing in show business. You use a lot of energy to create ethanol, and there's other biofuels out there, biodiesel, etc. But by giving incentives in R and D and by bringing our government laboratories together with business, with our educational institutions, the United States can become the center with a grand new industry of energy innovation. We can be the leaders in the world in this. But you don't want to push away things like hydrogen, fuel cells, and other things. Incentives is the way to go, and we should take the entire array of alternative energy sources and give incentives to private enterprise to get involved and get into the business of delivering us a great product. And we can produce a great new industry for this next generation.
 Congressman Tancredo, what would you do about mandates?
 No, I don't believe in mandates. I believe the market is the best determinant of exactly how these problems should be addressed. I do not mind and I would not be opposed to research and development, but the idea that the government knows the right amount somehow, some way, some brilliant analyst, usually some politician who hasn't the brightest idea of the issue, will make a decision about what is the right amount of mandate to impose on the rest of the country. And you know what? It never works out right. Let the market  I trust the market more than I do the government.
 Let's hear free statements from two more candidates. First Congressman Tancredo and then Governor Huckabee.
 We have had 45 years of unlimited immigration, both legal and illegal, into this country. That is a problem, unlimited massive immigration is a problem. But when it happens commensurately without the same amount of assimilation, it becomes a catastrophe. It will become what Teddy Roosevelt warned of when he said you can have immigration, but if it happens without assimilation, all you end up with is not a nation, but a polyglot boarding house. Some of my friends on the stage, both governors and senators, say we should trust their judgment. Well, their judgment is what got us into this problem, so we need to trust somebody else to get us out.
 Governor Huckabee?
 Thank you. A new topic that some Iowans say hasn't had enough debate during this campaign, and that's education. American 15-year-olds ranked behind 16 other countries in recent assessment of science literacy. What educational standards does the U.S. need to adopt or improve to compete in the global economy, and what will you do to move us toward those standards, and what's your timetable? Senator McCain?
 Thank you. Mayor Giuliani?
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER Three words. A math teacher in the barrio of Los Angeles taught young kids calculus. He taught them so well that the school district called up and said, We think your kids are cheating on the test. And he said, test them again. And he established this incredible system of calculus in the school district by inspiring young people. How many of us in our careers can point back to a teacher and say that teacher inspired me? What we have to do is take away the bureaucratic credentialing of teachers and allow people who are aerospace engineers and pilots and scientists and retired folks to come in and inspire young people in third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth grades. Let's inspire them to reach for the stars and given them the incentive to work hard enough to get there. Inspiration, changing the credentialing system and school choice.
 Hasn't that teacher since left the public school system?HUNTER And you know why? The post mortum on --- the unions ran him out of the school district, and I think that goes right to one of the big problems that we have.
 If we need to improve our educational system quickly to be more competitive in the world, does the federal government need to exercise different influence than it has historically over educational standards? If so, in what ways, and if not, how do you encourage state to meet national goals to move us forward? Governor Romney?
 Yes.
 But what about the role of the federal government?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Time.(Applause)
 Congressman Paul, what's the biggest obstacle KEYES Excuse me, do I have to raise my hand? I'd like to address that question.
 I'm getting to you.KEYES No, you're not. You haven't in several go rounds, so I have to make an issue out of it. I would like to address the issue of education.
 Go ahead.KEYES I don't wish it to pass on 
 Go ahead, please. You have thirty seconds.KEYES They have a minute. Why do I get thirty seconds? See, your unfairness is now becoming so apparent that the voters in Iowa must understand there's a reason for it, and the reason is what I'm about to say. Governor Huckabee just addressed the question of education. He has stood before values voters and moral conservatives, claiming that he is their spokesman. Do you know the major problem in American education today? We allowed the judges to drive God out of our schools. We allowed the moral foundation of this republic, which is that we are created equal and endowed by our Creator, not by our Constitution or our leaders with our rights. If we don't teach our children that heritage and the moral culture that goes along with it, we cannot remain free. They will not be disciplined to learn science, to learn math, to learn history, to learn anything. And they don't want to talk about this, except when they're squabbling about their own personal faith and forgetting that we have a national creed. And that national creed needs to be taught to our children so that whether they are scientists or businessmen or lawyers, they will stand on the solid ground of a moral education that gives them the discipline they need to serve the right, to exercise their freedom with dignity, and to defend justice because they understand it is our heritage.
 Congressman Paul, what's the biggest obstacle standing in the way of improving education in the United States, and how would you address it?
 Thank you. Senator Thompson, how would you answer that?
 What is the biggest obstacle standing in the way, and how would you address it?
 Thank you. Congressman Tancredo, what's your take on all that?
 I had the opportunity to serve under Ronald Reagan as the regional director for the U.S. Department of Education. Our task was to try to narrow it down because we knew we couldn't legislatively get rid of it, although we wanted to. So I went  in my region we knew we went from about 222 people. It took us about four or five years to get down to about 60 people. I used to always say we've gotten rid of 80% of the people in this department, has anybody been able to tell the difference? Do you know what? Not a single soul said they had. If we had gone to zero, you'd never know the difference. That's because we don't need the department. It's an encumbrance on our attempt to actually teach children in this country. As is the federal government and its intervention and rules. But I don't think, Governor, with all due respect, you can't say on one hand you're against having government intervention and on the other hand tell us you want music and art and everything else in the school. That's not the job of a president. It is the job of a governor. That's what you should run for if you want to dictate curriculum.
 Governor Huckabee, would you like a rebuttal? You have thirty seconds.
 Okay, Governor Romney.
 Thank you. In light of the big needs and the financial realities we've just discussed up to this point, realistically what do you believe you could accomplish in your first year as president? We're going to go down the line starting with Mr. Giuliani. So that everyone gets a chance to talk, I need you to keep your remarks to 30 seconds.
 Congressman?HUNTER First you've got to strengthen the U.S. military. We have to look at the horizon past Iraq and Afghanistan and see the emergence of North Korea with nuclear capability, Iran proceeding on that path despite what the NIE says, and also the emergence of communist China as a new superpower stepping into the shoes of the Soviet Union. So strengthening the military and meeting those horizon threats and also strengthening our border, enforcing the U.S. border. That means building the border fence and making sure we know who's coming into this country, what they're bringing with them. Lastly, bringing back the industrial base of the United States that right now is fragmenting and being sent off to China and to other places around the world, which also is a security threat, bringing back high-paying manufacturing jobs to this country that will serve this next generation well.
 Thank you. That's a tall order for a year. Congressman Paul, what about you?
 Thank you.
 The first five minutes after taking office, I would free Ramos and Compean. That's for sure. The second thing I would do is to make sure that we begin the process of securing those borders and enforcing the law inside the United States against hiring people who are here illegally. Then I would use that bully pulpit that the Governor talked about  and he's absolutely accurate in terms of the importance of it for a president of the United States  for this reason to explain that it is, in fact, a war is not going on in Iraq. That's a battle. We are fighting a war against radical Islam. It is a threat to our existence as a nation, it's a threat to western civilization. It will take someone who's willing to say that and lead western civilization in this clash.
 Thank you. Senator Thompson, your first year?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Senator McCain?
 Ambassador?KEYES What I would concentrate on is restoring the sovereignty of the people of this country. I would restore their moral sovereignty, which is something I think I can do very simply by declaring that no action taken by the executive branch would support, aid, or abet anyone who is destroying the constitutional rights of those who are in the womb. I would sign an executive order to that effect day one, and we would reestablish this government's commitment to the constitutional rights of our posterity. Folks talk about our posterity, but you can't really respect them if you're killing them in the womb. It doesn't make any sense. And I would also want to abolish the income tax. You say it can't be done in a day. We need to start talking about it and talking about actually implementing the far tax proposal that will end the wasteful spending by putting them under the discipline of a people who can actually withhold their taxes by changing the patterns of spending. And finally, I would establish a national border guard. I would seal the borders of the United States so that only those would cross our borders who are subject to our laws and the terms of those laws 
 Thank you.KEYES And I would encourage through this national border guard a real respect for the security that must be maintained along that border if we're serious about the war on terror.
 We're going to move to the last three candidate statements. Governor Romney has 30 seconds, followed by Mr. Keyes and, finally, Mayor Giuliani.
 Mr. Keyes?KEYES I think that the critical thing is what you need to do. If you really want to see a change in government, then we need to restore the credibility of the Republican Party, a credibility that has been destroyed by the betrayal of promises to keep government limited that resulted in outrageously high budget deficits at an historic level in this country. The betrayal along the border with the President telling us that he suddenly discovered we didn't have a secure border six years into his term. And if you want to accomplish that, join the political army of America's revival at alankeyes.com and make sure you become part of that change. We're not going to restore self-government until you become an active people not willing to take the inadequate choices you have, but lifting up the choice that this country needs.
 Thank you. Mayor Giuliani?
 Thank you. Voters have told us that character and leadership qualities matter as much or more than many issues. Over the past few months we asked candidates who have spent time in Iowa about some of their core values, and we videotaped the answers. Since we're pitching Web sites, you can see all the insights videos at DesMoinesRegister.com, but today we're going to see a few and then expand the conversation. Let's watch the first ones.
 So this next set of questions is entirely about character and leadership. Mayor Giuliani, your administration in New York has been accused of handling your security expenses in a way that obscured public disclosure. What specifically will you promise to do to ensure that a Giuliani White House is open with information that might be inconvenient to explain to the public?
 Thirty seconds, please.
 So are there things you could have done in this situation that would have been more open and not raised these concerns about obscuring public disclosure?
 Mr. Keyes, how would you guarantee an open White House?KEYES I think the most important thing is to be absolutely authentic about who you are, not to say things today that contradict what you were two years ago like, sadly, Governor Romney. Not to take a stand on the most important issue of principle that faces our nation today, the question of whether we are created equal, and endowed by our Creator, not the Constitution but our God, with our inalienable rights from the womb to the tomb, and not to abandon the heritage of the Republican party, as Rudy Giuliani would do and as I could not follow him in doing, so I would not support him if he were nominated. And finally, I think it would be important to do what I'm doing in my campaign. We have three phone calls every week. People from all over the country gather online to talk to me, to interact, state their views. We have technologies now that allow people directly to communicate to their leadership, and I would make good use of those technologies.
 Governor Romney, would you like to respond?
 It's entirely up to you.(Applause)
 Mayor Giuliani, would you like to respond?
 Senator Thompson, you've expressed doubts that the recent report on Iran's nuclear capabilities is accurate. As president, how would you decide when to disagree with available intelligence, and then what would you do?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. We're going to have to move on. Let's watch the next videos.
 Governor Huckabee, you are distinguishing yourself from the other candidates by focusing on faith. You say your faith doesn't just influence you, that it defines you. A person who chooses you for president, then, would expect that to translate to public policy. So give me two examples you've not previously given, one in health care and one in education, where your faith would define change you want to see in policy?
 But two specific changes in policy.
 Thank you. Governor Romney, as you look at the most pressing problems facing our country and the best opportunities to affect change in the next four years, do you think it's more important for the next president to be a fiscal conservative or a social conservative?
 Thank you. Congressman Hunter, same question?HUNTER Repeat the question. I was lost in Governor Romney's explanation. I thought it was quite good though.(Laughter)
 Do you think it's most important for the next president to be a fiscal conservative or a social conservative?HUNTER I think they both go to the core of this country because you have to keep the economy running, you have to keep the wheels turning. And of course the heart of our country is this idea that human beings have value, that they are given these inalienable rights that have been described by my friends. So those are two very important things. But one thing that's extremely important that Governor Romney didn't touch on was this. We also, in being conservative, having a conservative leader, part of that means not sending technology to our adversaries. And that's going to be the big threat of this next 15-20 years. Governor Romney's corporation that he founded, the Bain Capital Corporation, has joined up 
 Thank you.HUNTER -- has joined us with a Chinese corporation to buy an American defense contract.
 Thank you.HUNTER I think that is a mistake. And that's a defense contractor that did business with Saddam Hussein and with the Taliban 
 Thank you, Congressman.HUNTER So that, I think, is a very important part of conservative leadership. And thank you.
 We're going to look at the last video.
 There are two sides to your human component, you know? One is the God-filled side. One is the human side. And there are things that feed either side, you know? And whichever you feed the most becomes the dominant side. And so you have to kind of concentrate on feeding the food side, or else you will lose control over it.
 Congressman Tancredo, your foreign policy positions on your campaign Web site consist of five sentences on Iraq. What assures Americans you're ready to lead our foreign policy?
 Because of the issue, of course, as I mentioned earlier, is just a battle going on in Iraq. The major battle is, of course, this clash of civilizations. I believe that the whole idea and the whole debate can be narrowed to a relatively small areas on a Web site or any place else, and that is this we can not leave Iraq. We are committed there and will be for a long time. And I don't care who's elected president, that's the reality of the situation. We can, however, stop, in fact, being the police force in Iraq. And we are doing that. We are moving in exactly the direction that my Web site, the statement anticipates. What more do I have to say? We're getting it done.
 Thank you. Congressman Paul, you call your campaign a revolution, and I think it's safe to say that your brand of change is one of the most sweeping proposed by any candidates of either party, but getting your agenda through Congress would likely require a revolution of an entirely different sort. So how would you adjust your plan in light of political reality in Washington?
 Senator McCain, your reputation as a maverick has put you at odds with your own party leadership from time to time. Give us an example of a time you wished you had to compromise to get something done instead of holding firms on your ideals.
 Thank you. We're going to talk about New Year's resolutions. You have 15 seconds. We're going to start with Mr. Keyes and go this way, please suggest a New Year's resolution for one of your opponents here today.(Laughter)KEYES I, frankly, think the most important New Year's resolution is the one I'd suggest to the American people resolve to return to your respect for the principle that makes us free, that we are all created equal and endowed by God with our inalienable rights.
 Fifteen seconds, please. Senator McCain?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Governor Huckabee?
 This is a new resolution of an opponent.
 Governor Romney?
 Senator Thompson?
 Congressman?
 Well, it all sounds good, but you asked what we would do  what somebody else we think should do in terms of a resolution. I have to say it because you're leading the pack, now, and congratulations to you, Governor, but I have to ask you  no, no, no, I'm pointing right over there (Laughter)
 Okay 
 Just a minute. Laughter does not count. I have to ask him a question 
 I have to keep moving.
 And the question is how are you going to convince America that you, in fact, changed your mind on the issue of immigration from when you were governor. That's all I want to know.
 Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER Yeah, to all my colleagues and, I think, to the American people, we've got lots of folks coming back from the Afghan and Iraqi theaters, lots of young people who need jobs. One thing we could do here just a couple of weeks before Christmas is buy American goods. If we buy American gods, we may save the job of our neighbor or provide a job for that young service person.
 Mayor?
 Thank you.
 Thank you. And we're out of time. You can find out more about this debate at pbs.org and at DesMoinesRegister.com. And tomorrow at 100 we'll have our debate with the Democratic presidential candidates. I want to thank all of the candidates for being here today as well as our broadcast partner, Iowa Public Television, our studio audience, and everyone at home and at work. Happy Holidays, everyone.Tonight is the Republicans' night. For the first time, seven of the Republican candidates are going to participate tonight in a Spanish forum. This is the opportunity they have to speak directly to 44 million Hispanics, especially to (inaudible) potential Hispanic voters.It's important because, as the presidential election of 2008 is going to be tight, the Hispanic vote could decide who will be the next president of the United States.Things have changed so much in this country that no candidate (inaudible) can reach the White House without the Hispanic vote.For you, for the ones of you that don't speak Spanish, Univision is going to be broadcasting this show in (inaudible) for English- speaking audience tonight you will be able to follow the Republican presidential forum (inaudible) in English provided in (inaudible).And before we start, there are certain things that we want to explain tonight. Those are the basic rules.
 All the candidates have accepted the rules of this presidential forum and these are the most important ones. The candidates will not make any opening statements nor will the make any closing statements. Instead, they will address all the questions asked by us, the moderators.And we also asked them not to ask questions among themselves, and to only answer the questions that we're (inaudible). And maybe if that doesn't happen, we'll have to interrupt them.Each candidate will have one minute to respond, and 30 seconds to rebuttals, only on a limited discretion of the moderators. A yellow light would advise the candidate that we have 15 seconds left and a red light indicates that their time is up.All questions will be asked in Spanish and will be simultaneously translated into English for the candidates, who will answer in English. And they are limited to that tonight.Seven of the eight Republican presidential candidates are here tonight. And, of course, their positions were determined by a previous drawing (inaudible) by their representatives of choice.
 And we'll begin from left to right for the candidates. Let's welcome them.Please say welcome to Mike Huckabee. He was elected two times as governor of Arkansas. He has a B.A. from Ouachita Baptist University. He attended the Southeast Baptist Theological Seminary from 1976 to 1980. He is married and has three children.Fred Thompson, the senator for the United States from Tennessee since 1994 to 2003. He was also the assistant attorney general for one term. He obtained a law degree from Vanderbilt University (inaudible).Thank you for coming.Mitt Romney was the governor of Massachusetts between 2003 and 2007. He was also the executive director of the Winter Olympics that were in Salt Lake City.
 He also (inaudible) university. He is married and has five children and 10 grandchildren.Rudy Giuliani was Mayor of New York City for eight years. He also was an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District. He obtained a law degree from New York University. He is married and has three children.Ron Paul is a Texas Representative. He has been elected six times. He practiced as an OB/GYN for almost 30 years. He obtained his medical degree at Duke University. He is married and has five children and 17 grandchildren.John McCain is a Senator for the United States from Arizona since 1986. He also was a federal representative for four years for that same state. He has a bachelor's (inaudible) from the United States Military Academy.Thank you for coming. He is married and has seven children and four grandchildren.
 Well, we want to thank all the candidates that are participating in this forum.Thank you so much for coming.And, of course, on behalf of all the millions of Hispanics and Latin Americans who are watching us tonight, we want to thank you. And let's start with a question.
 Precisely, we're going to start with one question for several of the candidates. The first one's for Mayor Giuliani. The first one is, President Bush obtained more than 40 percent of the Hispanic vote in 2004. I'm talking about Hispanic votes. But in the Congressional elections last year, only 30 percent of Hispanics voted Republican.So the question is To what do you attribute the declining of support among Hispanics to Republicans?
 The next question is for Governor Romney. The same thing Why has the Hispanic support for Republicans declined?
 Governor Huckabee, how do you explain the decline of support to Republicans by Hispanics?
 Thank you very much.Senator McCain, how do you explain that decrease in support for the Republicans?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Thompson, in a recent survey from Pew Hispanic Center, published this past week, only 23 percent of Hispanics favor the Republican Party.
 What are you going to do -- what can you offer to recover the lost ground among Hispanics?
 Congressman Hunter, I want to ask you the same question. How are you going to think (inaudible) you're going to recover the lost ground among Hispanics?HUNTER Well, you know what? I understand.HUNTER I talked to Donna Shalala, and she said actually a number of young people are going to register to vote tonight, and I want them to register for our party, for the Republican Party.And I'll tell you a great reason to be a Republican. And it's a story that's told 90 miles away and 1,500 miles away, because 90 miles away, in 1961, the Cuban freedom fighters fought on the beach in Cuba against Castro's forces.And a Democrat administration let their aircraft carrier sit there, while those freedom fighters were machine-gunned, because they felt there was too much pressure coming from the United Nations -- either machine-gunned or captured.HUNTER Many years later, 1,500 miles away, in a little place called El Salvador, a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, provided that little shield around that government, while they stood up and had free elections and brought freedom to El Salvador.It's a story of two parties. It's a story of the party of freedom. That's the Republican party. That's why I would register Republican and support our party this year.
 Senator Paul, the same question The Republican Party lost some ground. Only 23 percent support their party. What are you going to do to recover the lost ground?
 Governor Romney, (inaudible) to be here and (inaudible). Do you think that you're taking a risk to come here to lose support from the more conservative base in your party?
 Mayor Giuliani, I heard you laughing when this question was asked. What's your answer?
 Governor Huckabee, is there a risk standing up here (inaudible)?
 Tonight, your answers are being translated into Spanish, interpreted (inaudible). Thirty-one million people in the United States speak Spanish here. The census shows that. We're going to start with Senator McCain. Do you think that there would be a value -- a practical value of making English the official language in this country?
 Congressman Paul, what would be the practical value of English as an official language?
 The next question comes from our users of the Web page of Univision that come; 85 percent of the questions posted by the users were regarding immigration.Some of you -- that's a question for one user -- some of you oppose reform paving the way to granting undocumented aliens legal status. What do you think should be done with the 12 millions of undocumented aliens that live in the United States?We're going to start with Mayor Giuliani.
 Thank you, Mayor.
 Governor Huckabee, what to do with the 12 million of undocumented that already live in the United States?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Thompson, we were preparing this forum, and we found a survey from Los Angeles Times that said that 60 percent of the voters in the United States think that -- they are in favor of granting legal status to undocumented aliens if they meet certain criteria.Why, if the majority supports that, why not support that idea?
 Governor Romney, the question is Why not legalize some undocumented aliens if they comply with the requirements, if they meet certain requirements?
 Congressman Hunter, why not support the legalization?HUNTER Did you ask the same question?
 OK, why you're not support that idea?HUNTER Listen, when I was -- when I came back from Vietnam, I was a practicing lawyer in the barrio. I was the only lawyer there, and I never turned away a family that came in and needed help.But I told them a couple of things. One thing is, you have to be here legally, because the first thing you've got to learn in this country is the rule of law. And the second thing is, you have to make sure that your kids learn English, because that is the American opportunity.Now, in 1983, we gave an amnesty, and when we gave that amnesty, 3 million people came in who were allowed to stay in who were here illegally. We said at that point, no more, and we're not going to let anybody else come in.HUNTER After that, 12 million more people came in. If we give an amnesty to this next batch of 12 million people, you will have a third wave of people coming in expecting to catch the third amnesty.You know, this lady behind me represents a lot of things. One is welcoming immigrants to America. The other is the rule of law. We have to establish the rule of law, and people who are here illegally have to go home.
 Senator McCain, you co-authored a bill that would have opened a pathway for legalization of undocumented aliens. It was not approved. It was not passed in Congress. So do you think that you're going to introduce a new bill including a pathway to gain legal status?
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you.Governor Romney, some days ago you fired a company that used to take care of your landscaping because supposedly they were hiring undocumented workers.The question is this, did you report, officially, that the people or the company to immigration authorities? And do you think that should others report undocumented aliens, the people that you suspect are undocumented?
 Senator Thompson, there are still millions of children that were born here in the United States that at least have one undocumented parent. The (inaudible) have separated them from the parents, and they are American citizens.Do these children have the right not to be separated from their parents?
 Senator McCain, the same question.
 The American children, do they have the right not to be separated from their parents because of (inaudible)?
 Thank you.
 Governor Romney, we would like to know -- see what your opinion -- what's going to happen to the children who are being separated from their families?
 Thank you.
 The vast majority of Hispanics, four out of five, are either legal residents or American citizens. Many of them feel affected by the negative tone of the immigration debate. How would you -- what would you do to curb this anti-Hispanic sentiment?
 First of all, Congressman Hunter...HUNTER You know, I represent a district in San Diego, California and Imperial County, California, and that county for many, many years is a majority Hispanic and two-to-one Democrat. And I'm known as the guy who built the double-border fence that lowered the crime rate so dramatically, that stopped all the drug trucks from coming through, that stopped the smuggling of people and narcotics by more than 90 percent.You know what you do? You look people in the eye and you talk to them frankly.I would say this I got more votes from the Hispanic community -- known as the guy who built the border fence -- from the Hispanic community, than anybody running for office, whether it was President Clinton on a presidential year, or one of the local or the state assemblyman or U.S. Senators.That means that the Hispanic community in the United States does not agree with the idea of having open borders. They do agree with the idea of having order on the border and having a regulated system where this lady of freedom standing behind me, the Statue of Liberty, says Come in, but follow the rules.
 Mayor Giuliani, how would you stop that anti-Hispanic sentiment that affects legal residents in American (inaudible)?
 Thank you, Mayor.
 Thank you, Mayor.Governor Huckabee, how can we curb that anti-Hispanic sentiment?
 Thank you.Representative Paul?
 Thank you, Congressman. Thank you.We're going to have a break and we'll be right back with other important issues in this Republican forum.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 It's the presidential forum, the Republican one. We're going to talk about something else. Now we're going to talk about Latin America. A week ago, exactly a week ago, Venezuela rejected changes to the constitution, but the president, Hugo Chavez...President Hugo Chavez has insisted that he's going to propose them again. Many consider him a threat to democracy in the region. If you were elected president, how would you deal with Chavez? Let's start with Congressman John Paul -- Ron Paul, sorry.
 Thank you, Congressman.Governor Huckabee, the same thing How would you deal with President Chavez? He was elected democratically.
 Thank you, Governor.Mayor Giuliani, the same question.
 Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Mayor.When talking about Cuba, Cuban dictatorship has survived nineU.S. presidents. What would you do differently, that has not been done so far, to bring democracy to Cuba? We're going to start with Senator Thompson.
 Governor Romney, what would you do differently that has not been done so far?
 Thank you. Governor?
 Senator McCain, the same question. What would you do differently?
 Thank you.The next question, of course, if regarding Iraq.Congressman Hunter, surveys show that two out of three Hispanics think that the United States should withdraw its troops from Iraq. How would you convince them of the fact that they should stay there -- the troops should stay there?HUNTER Well, you know, there's lots of Hispanic Americans serving in Iraq.HUNTER And my son came back from his third tour as a U.S. Marine on Thanksgiving, having served in Iraq twice and Afghanistan.And, you know, if you check with the Hispanics of the 1st Marine Division or the 10th Army Division of the 1st Cavalry, you'll get a lot different poll than the poll that you're telling me right now, because the young men and women who are serving over there know we can win in Iraq.And let me tell you what they've done. With blood, sweat and tears they have brought down the attack rate in Anbar province by 80 percent. They brought it down over the entire nation.The Iraqi army is now standing up, all 131 battalions. That government's going to hold and the army's going to hold, and we are going to leave Iraq in victory, and we're going to leave an Iraq that will be a friend, not an enemy of the United States.So we're going to be victorious in Iraq, and Hispanic Americans who serve there know that.
 Mayor Giuliani, how to convince Hispanics that the troops should stay in Iraq?
 Senator McCain, why should the troops be kept there?
 Governor Huckabee, why not withdraw the troops from Iraq?
 Governor Romney, for how long would we need to leave our troops in Iraq?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Thompson, for how long?
 Thank you.Congressman Paul, you have a different point of view among all of them, don't you?
 Thank you, Congressman. Thank you.Well, we want to talk about other topics. And we're going to talk about health.And we're going to talk with you, Senator McCain. We have a lot of questions. We have hundreds of them. One of them says, "I'm not asking for free health insurance, but I'm looking for an affordable health insurance."That's the question What would you do to curb the high cost of medical health care and to help those who don't have health insurance?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you.Mayor Giuliani, how can we curb the high cost and also offer insurance to the people who don't have it?
 Governor Huckabee, you know the numbers 47 million people don't have health insurance, including 15 million Hispanic. What can be done to provide coverage for those people?
 Governor Romney, what should we do with all the millions of people who are not insured?
 Senator Thompson, what to do with the 15 million Hispanics who don't have insurance?
 Thank you very much.We're going to have another break, and we're going to continue with this Republican forum in a minute.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 We'll continue live in Univision with this presidential forum. And we're going to talk about something else. We're going to talk about education.A recent survey done for La Raza National Council show that nine out of 10 Hispanic voters think that improved public education should be a priority for the next president of the United States.Let's start with Senator Thompson. What should we do to improve the public schools so our children will be educated in this country from coast to coast?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator McCain, how can we improve the quality of public schools in this country?
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Governor Romney, how can we improve education -- public education in this country?
 Thank you, Governor.We're going to continue talking about education. One our of three Hispanic students don't finish high school.Governor Huckabee, what would you do to stop dropouts of school.
 Mayor Giuliani, dropout among Hispanics, how would you solve that?
 Congressman Hunter, you know that problem of dropping out of Hispanics...HUNTER You know, in California there was a great teacher named Jaime Escalante, who taught calculus. And he taught calculus in the barrio so effectively that his kids when they took the test were accused of cheating by the school district because they scored so high.Jaime Escalante brought to the school system the one thing that we need throughout America, and that is inspiration, because young people are deciding what they want to do when they're in third, fourth, fifth, sixth grade.And what we're going to have to do -- and incidentally, Jaime Escalante ultimately left that school district and the calculus program went down because he had a run-in with the teachers union.What we have to do in this country is to take away all this old credentialing. We've got to bring in aerospace engineers and pilots and mathematicians and scientists and business-people, and we have to bring in people who can inspire kids at a young age to reach for the stars, and then convince them to work hard enough to get there.HUNTER Inspiration, that's how we increase our capability in education.
 Thank you.Well, we have the last question for all of you. Hispanics are the biggest minority in the United States, and by 2050, we're going to be 25 percent of the population. Three months ago, I asked the same thing to the Democratic candidates.What would you think would be the biggest contribution from Hispanics, but we want to ask you what is the role -- what role do you think Hispanics will play in the development of our nation and our society?We're going to start with Governor Huckabee.
 Thank you.Congressman Hunter, what would be -- what role would Hispanics play in the future of our society?HUNTER Well, first, I want them to play a role as Republicans. And I want to invite, again, all the young people who are --registering to vote -- tonight -- to just remember a couple of things.One thing is that that lady in El Salvador who stood there in the line for the elections after a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, had protected El Salvador and provided for free elections, and she had a bullet hole in her arm and she was asked, do you want to go to the aid station, and she said, yes, but first, I vote.So, remember, Republicans stand for freedom.Secondly, I want you to remember the Republicans stand for life, that the man who founded our party, Abraham Lincoln, did so on the basis of the value of human beings.And lastly, I'd like you to remember that, you know, Democrats think this is a great country because of what government does for people, while Republicans think this is a great country because of what free people do for themselves.HUNTER I think Hispanics have a great role with this great nation.
 Thank you.Senator Thompson, you -- how far can Hispanics get in this country?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator McCain, your vision of Hispanics in the future.
 Congressman Paul?
 Mayor Giuliani?
 Thank you.Governor Romney?
 Thank you.Thank you very much to all the candidates for being here with us tonight -- and Univision. Thank you so much for coming. Thanks a lot.Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer Welcome to tonight's presidential debate, co-sponsored by the Republican Party of Florida. It is my pleasure tonight to introduce the man who has brought new ideas to state government, and whose leadership has been embraced by the voters of Florida, and who has become the nation's most popular governor.Ladies and gentlemen, Governor Charlie Crist.Charlie Crist Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. And welcome to the Sunshine State. It's great to have this debate in Florida, in my home town of St. Petersburg.It's an important evening. We're going to hear from some great candidates, great Republicans. And we should have fun with it. The questions come from the people, as Anderson said. This is truly the people's debate.But it's also important to understand what we're talking about the future of America; about integrity; about honor; about duty; and about loyalty. That's what America always has stood for and always will.So let's meet some of these great candidates. First, Congressman Duncan Hunter. Congressman Ron Paul. Senator John McCain. Senator Fred Thompson. Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Governor Mitt Romney. Governor Mike Huckabee. And Congressman Tom Tancredo.Anderson Cooper OK, John King is standing by, as well as Gloria Borger.Gloria, a lot of elbows being thrown on the campaign trail the last couple of days. What are you expecting tonight?Gloria Borger Well, I think tonight you might see a lot of elbows being thrown at Mitt Romney. He's really the guy to beat out there. He's been ahead in Iowa and New Hampshire. He's looking in his rearview mirror now. He sees Mike Huckabee moving up on him in Iowa, and every other candidate has a shot in New Hampshire, so he's the target.Cooper John King, this Rasmussen poll shows Mike Huckabee right now in the lead in Iowa.John King He is moving up in Iowa, Anderson. And that is part of the debate, about which Republican Party -- what will the Republican Party look like when it picks its new leader?Mike Huckabee is someone who is running on the anti-abortion agenda, as are so many of the other candidates tonight. But the national frontrunner is Rudy Giuliani, who favors abortion rights. Not since Ronald Reagan won in 1980 has the Republican Party even brokered the notion of having a nominee who supported abortion rights.You also have a Republican president at this moment and one of the candidates on stage, Senator McCain, who were behind that big so- called comprehensive immigration reform that would give legal status to 12 million or more illegal immigrants in the United States. Well, now opposition to that legislation is one of the defining debates in the Republican Party.So, from a personality standpoint and a substantive standpoint, this is a fascinating time as the Republican Party decides who its leader will be and what its agenda will be after George W. Bush passes from the stage, Anderson.Cooper Gloria, the clock is ticking toward Iowa.Borger Absolutely. And they know that right now, starting with this debate, they've really got to define themselves, differentiate themselves, because the voters in Iowa still pretty much are undecided. So, it's anyone's game right now.The holidays are coming up. And this is one opportunity for each of these candidates to tell the voters who he is and why he's different from the other guy.Cooper We are just watching the traveling press pool leave the auditorium. We'll get started in just a moment.Welcome, candidates. Good to have you all on the stage. Thanks for being here.Now, as there was last time with the Democratic candidates, there's been some concern among the campaigns about what kind of questions are going to be asked tonight.And with 5,000 questions to choose from, we certainly had a lot of options.Take a look.(Begin videotape)Cooper (voice over) Many groups tried to organize submissions. Will Dick Armey's question be seen tonight?Dick Armey I will put that together as a YouTube...Snowman cartoon character And this is a question for Mitt Romney...Cooper How about the much maligned snowman? Will he rear his frozen head here in sunny Saint Pete?UFO cartoon character So he wants to know what you would do about me and other kids like me -- the unwitting children of illegal -- well, you know.Cooper Dennis Kucinich may have seen a UFO, but we'll have no little green men here in Florida.Actor as "The Ghost of Richard Nixon" I am the ghost of Richard Nixon!We won't be seeing Richard Nixon, or little kids used to make adult points.Though, there is one question where kids may make an appearance. And don't worry, we tried to keep out of most of the Abe Lincolns and Ben Franklins, and all the animals, both stuffed...Sparky My name is Sparky.Cooper ... and real.Schmoopsy Schmoopsy here with a question for the Republican candidate.(End videotape)Cooper Sadly, Schmoopsy will not be heard from tonight.The candidates will have 90 seconds to answer the YouTube questions, the questions that are asked direct to them, 30 seconds for any follow-up questions that I may ask.There are no lights, no bells, no buzzers, no electric shocks. We prefer the honor system here. We'll warn the candidates when they need to wrap things up.We also will insist that candidates stay on the question that was being asked and not stray off to an earlier or another topic. Americans put a lot of time into submitting these questions. We think they deserve direct answers.Finally, tonight we are not in the business of discouraging applause from our audience here, or passion, but please, if it gets out of control, we will ask the crowd here to keep it down just a little bit.All right, let's begin.(The governor introduced the candidates.)Cooper He did a very good job of it, but one Republican wanted to do that also, and he does it in a way that reminds us this is definitely a new kind of a debate.Here is Chris Nandor from Snohomish, Washington.Chris Nandor (singing) The grand old party's looking for somebody who can lead, someone who is electable and adheres to our creed.Some say the group is not diverse; they're white, they're men, but wait. The Dems have just one candidate, Republicans have eight.Rudy's leading all the polls, but can he win the base?Mitt changed on abortion; history he can't erase.Ron Paul would end the FDA and that is just a start.Fred has just begun to run, but sure does look the part.Hunter tells us what to do in foreign policy debates.Huckabee's compassionate and lost a lot of weight.Tancredo says let's build a fence across the whole Southwest.McCain is loved by many and hated by the rest.We don't know who we're voting for; we don't know who will win. That's why we use YouTube to ask our questions of these men.Time is short, we're voting soon, and I just thought I'd mention. If we don't reach consensus, then we'll decide at convention.Cooper All right, enough of the singing, enough of the snowmen. Let's begin the debate.From one tough-talking New Yorker, a question to another tough- talking New Yorker.Ernie Nardi This is Ernie Nardi from Dyker Heights in Brooklyn, New York, with a question for the ex-Mayor Giuliani.Under your administration, as well as others, New York City was operated as a sanctuary city, aiding and abetting illegal aliens.I would like to know, if you become president of the United States, will you continue to aid and abet the flight of illegal aliens into this country?Cooper Mayor Giuliani?
 Welcome to Orlando in the heart of central Florida. Tonight we're insight the Shingle Creek Resort, where we've turned a huge convention hall into an intimate debate stage for eight candidates and an audience of more than 3,000 people who, you'll soon notice, are raring for a lively debate.Good evening. Our event is being sponsored by Fox News and the Republican Party of Florida. We are being seen and heard on Fox News Channel, Fox News Radio and on FoxNews.com.Joining me at the desk tonight are my Fox News colleagues, Chris Wallace, host of Fox News Sunday, Wendell Goler, our White House correspondent, and Carl Cameron, our chief political correspondent.Before we meet the candidates, a few words of introduction from the debate co-sponsors.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)GREER Hello, I'm Jim Greer, chairman of the Republican Party of Florida. As the part of Abraham Lincoln, Teddy Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan prepares to choose its nominee for president of the United States, Florida is honored to host tonight's Republican president debate.It is now my privilege to introduce to you the governor of the great state of Florida, Charlie Crist.CRIST Thank you, Chairman Greer, and good evening.We appreciate the opportunity to bring the candidates together here in Florida for an evening of dialogue on important issues that face our state and our nation.In Florida, we have proven that when we put problem-solving above politics, we can truly accomplish great things.From the beautiful city of Orlando, Florida, welcome to the debate.(END VIDEO CLIP)
 And now, let's meet the candidates Congressman Tom Tancredo of Colorado, a former state legislator and currently a five- term congressman.Congressman Ron Paul of Texas, the 1988 Libertarian Party nominee for president, who is currently serving his 10th term in Congress.Mike Huckabee of Arkansas, who served two full terms as that state's governor and is also a Baptist minister.
 Rudy Giuliani of New York City, former U.S. attorney and two-term mayor.Mitt Romney of Massachusetts, most recently the governor of the Bay State and the man who ran the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics.Fred Thompson, former assistant U.S. attorney and senator from Tennessee.Senator John McCain of Arizona, now serving his fourth term in the Senate after two previous terms in the U.S. House.And Congressman Duncan Hunter of California, a 14-term Congressman.Here is the format for our debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute each. If we decide, however, that rebuttal time is needed, that will be 30 seconds.We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time. And, if an answer runs long, candidates and everyone else will hear this sound.
 We ask our large, and as you can tell enthusiastic, audience to please limit applause during the question and answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as possible to the candidates themselves.Let's get started.Chris, you are up.
 Gentlemen, good evening. You have all been arguing at long distance over the last week or two about who was the real Republican, who was the true conservative. I hope you will all be willing to discuss this directly with each other tonight.Mayor Giuliani, Senator Thompson says that you're soft on abortion, that you're soft on gun control, and that you've never claimed to be a conservative.Who is more conservative you or Fred Thompson?
 Governor Romney, Senator Thompson says that you run to the left of Teddy Kennedy in 1994, that you were proudly pro-choice, as recently as 2005, and that his philosophy doesn't depend on geography.Who is more conservative you or Fred Thompson?
 Senator -- Senator Thompson, have these two guys convinced you that you're wrong and that, in fact, they are both consistent conservatives?
 Mayor Giuliani...
 ... why don't you respond to Senator Thompson?
 Mayor, if I may -- Senator, you can have a minute to respond to Mayor Giuliani and also tell us what your beef is with Governor Romney.
 That's right.
 Talk fast.
 Mr. Mayor, you want to respond, 30 seconds on the sanctuary city issue?
 Senator McCain, if I may -- Senator McCain, you didn't like it much when Governor Romney said recently that he spoke for the Republican wing of the Republican party.Who's more conservative you or Mitt Romney?
 Governor Romney, Senator McCain suggests that you're conning people -- he has used that phrase -- with your conversions on a number of issues during this campaign.Why is Senator McCain wrong?
 Senator McCain, you didn't think much of the answer of Governor Romney in the last debate, when he said that he would ask his lawyers whether he needed congressional authorization to use military force against Iran. Why not? t.
 Senator Romney -- Governor Romney?
 Governor, thank you very much.Thanks you, Chris.Carl Cameron has the second round of questions.Carl?CAMERON Thanks very much, Brit.Congressman Paul, to you, on the subject of one of the core debates in the party, over social issues gay marriage.You've been quoted as saying, Any association that's voluntary should be permissible in a free society. And you've expressed your opposition to a constitutional ban on gay marriage.Many of your rivals on that stage disagree. Why are they wrong?
 Governor Romney, among the so-called top tier candidates, you support the ban on gay marriage. What does it say that Fred Thompson, Rudy Giuliani, John McCain and Ron Paul all don't?
 Well, you know, one thing, by being a bookend to every one of these debates you get a chance to listen...... for a long time to everybody else talk about their positions on issues.And every single person on this stage, certainly everyone of my colleagues, I believe, bring something very unique, very special, and certainly enormous capabilities to this whole debate and to the office that they are seeking.
 But I must tell you, they also bring differences. And those -- it is not, I think, a sin to discuss them. I don't believe it should be something that we hold back on when we talk to the American people about what it is that actually distinguishes us.And, yes, I do think that there are organizations that should be looked at that actually rate people for their conservative history.And the American Taxpayers Union, for one, gives me the highest rating; the American Conservative Union, highest rating of anybody running for president of the United States; an A rating from the National Right to Life; an A rating from every organization -- every conservative organization that gives ratings to those of us who are here on this stage.Now, those are objective. You know, there's somebody else that looks at us and says How conservative are these people really? And what we do notice is that in a primary everybody in the Republican Party, everybody runs to the right.
 But, as time goes on, they all move to the left. And that's why people are so cynical about this process.CAMERON Congressman Hunter?Some pretty sensitive issues gay marriage, abortion. And Tom Tancredo with the highest rankings. Is he the right conservative? And are these issues that are -- the Republican Party is in danger of not being conservative enough and losing track and losing connection with its principles?HUNTER Well, Carl, you've been dividing the party for the last 10 minutes, so let me -- let me say something that I think unites them.This is a historic venue.You know, 300 miles off this coast is a place where another party, once a great party, the Democrat Party, lost its identity. And that's when, in 1961, the Cuban freedom fighters were struggling with a toehold on the beach, trying to take back Cuba from Castro and a Democrat president with an aircraft carrier sitting a few miles offshore said we will not help the freedom fighters.And a thousand miles away from there is El Salvador, where a Republican president, Ronald Reagan, hung tough, brought freedom to El Salvador.HUNTER And you know something? Today, they are fighting side by side with our guys in Iraq.We're the party of freedom.CAMERON I'm not so sure I shouldn't get 30 seconds to rebut as to whether I'm dividing their party...
 Well, thank you very much, Congressman Hunter.Carl, thank you.Wendell Goler has the next round.Wendell?GOLER Gentlemen, I want to ask you some questions about health care and education, which are always important issues in every presidential election.I want to ask you to be specific and, in deference to Governor Huckabee, you don't have to beat up on each other.Senator McCain, your plan for lowering health care costs involves switching people from employer-provided health care to policies they buy on their own. There's concern that could lead insurance companies to cherry-pick their clients.GOLER You also want to limit the amount doctors can charge for chronic diseases, which skeptics worry could make it difficult for people with diabetes, for example, to find doctors to take care of them.How would you deal with these two problems?
 One of the most interesting parts of this debate about health care is the fact that we continually talk about the federal government's role in it.We should actually be debating that specific point, not what kind of government program. You know, Michael Moore went to Cuba not too long ago, and wrote this documentary about the greatness of the system, how wonderful it was to be in Cuba and have a socialized medical system.You notice, however, that Michael Moore came back to the United States.Now, there's a reason that he did that, of course. It's because we have the best system in the world. And why? It's because we do rely more on individuals than not.
 Really and truly, it's a fascinating thing to think about this, that we have moved all the way to the point of simply debating what kind of federal plan we might have rather than debating what's the constitutional right of the federal government to get involved in this particular issue. That's a challenge I think we all have to accept.Now, if there's a federal role, I completely accept the idea of giving people the greater opportunity -- individual opportunity to use health savings accounts. Why? Because that takes individuals. They become the consumer in the marketplace dealing directly with the provider.That's called a marketplace. That will drive down the costs. Get the federal government -- don't even talk about our responsibilities, because they always -- gives people the option to think that there is -- naturally the federal government should be involved. It shouldn't.GOLER Senator Thompson, you voted in favor of the No Child Left Behind law, though critics warned that it was too intrusive, too bureaucratic. They also warned that teachers would teach to the test.
 Mr. Mayor, thank you very much.Candidates, it is time for a break. Coming up, how will these candidates run against the Democrats' front-running Senator Hillary Clinton? We will find out live from the Shingle Creek Resort in Orlando, Florida, right after these messages.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we're back in Orlando with the Republicans running for their party's presidential nomination. Our debates continues with more questions from Chris Wallace.Chris?
 Gentlemen, you all have a couple of things in common. You all seem to be planning to run against Hillary Clinton in the general election and at this point all of you -- I repeat all of you -- are losing to her in the polls. So let's talk about how you intend to beat her.Governor Romney, you trail Clinton by 12 points in the latest Fox News/Opinion Dynamics poll. You have compared Clinton to Karl Marx. You say when Clinton...... when Clinton hears about private sector, she thinks that that's a new recruit in the Army.Is Hillary Clinton fit to be commander in chief?
 Governor, I'm going to give you...
 Governor, I'm going to give you 30 more seconds. I asked you specifically is she fit to be commander in chief?
 Mayor Giuliani, you trail Clinton by four points in our latest Fox News/Opinion Dynamics Poll.Governor Romney says the Republicans aren't going to beat Hillary Clinton by acting like Hillary Clinton. And the point seems to be that on a lot of the social issues, like abortion and gay rights and gun control, that there's not much difference between you and Clinton. Is there?
 Senator McCain, you're running the closest to Clinton, but you still trail her by three points in our latest poll. The biggest issue between the two of you clearly is the war in Iraq.You strongly support the troop surge. She wants to start pulling the troops out. Is that a winner for Republicans in 2008?
 Governor Huckabee, I'm sorry to say we didn't call the horse race between you and Senator Clinton, but you say that she will win next November if the Republican Party doesn't do a better job of reaching out to minorities.Was it a mistake for some of your colleagues on this stage to skip those minority-sponsored debates?
 Senator Thompson, you trail Clinton by 12 points in our latest poll.You said the other day that Republicans don't need to worry so much about Clinton as much as they need to worry about themselves.What do you mean by that?
 Congressman Paul...
 Congressman Paul, you're against the Iraq war. So is Senator Clinton. So what are the differences between you?
 Congressman Paul, thank you.Senator Thompson, I want to go to the issue that you mentioned in passing just a couple of minutes ago, the solvency of Medicare and Social Security. You said those programs were threatened with bankruptcy. They indeed are, as countless economists have advised us. If they were to be kept in their present form, it is argued that they could swamp the private economy with unacceptable levels of taxation or would force severe benefit cuts.
 You have stepped out on this, suggesting that we could change the indexing method for the growth of benefits in Social Security. You have said that we couldn't really afford the prescription drug bill that was passed under President Bush.You have talked about the possibility that high-income Medicare beneficiaries would have to accept less benefits.This is a hard area, as the president's adventure on this has shown. Are you prepared to say, tonight, that you would propose these things and make them part of your campaign?
 Me either...
 All right.What Senator Thompson said, Mayor Giuliani, will open him to accusations that he's trying to cut Social Security benefits. He will be accused of being willing to diminish or take away the prescription drug benefit that many now have come to depend on.He has suggested that Medicare beneficiaries might have to suffer loss of benefits (inaudible) high income. He's out on a limb on that.Are you prepared to be as bold?
 Yes it is.
 How about it, Governor Romney? Are you prepared to be as bold as Senator Thompson has been in making an -- in addressing these extremely politically sensitive entitlement programs?
 How?
 You spoke well of private accounts. President Bush tried very hard. He came into office with a reputation of being able to bring people together in Texas. He tried very hard to bring people together around his proposal. You saw what happened to it.
 How could you do better?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Well, he didn't. He used the word private accounts.
 Congressman Paul, your thoughts on these issues?
 Senator McCain, you've grappled with this issue as long as anybody here. You've heard all the proposals and you heard what Senator Thompson offered.Your thoughts?
 And that is exactly right. It is because the present leadership of the House of Representatives brought up this bill, agreed to bring up a bill, a resolution, that we knew would in fact, if they did that, would cause Turkey to do exactly what they did.Now, that goes to show you that pandering for votes, which was what this was partly based upon, and a complete ignorance of the foreign policy implications of doing such a thing, are the reasons why we are here now.And we should take away from this some very important lessons, not the least of which is that Nancy Pelosi is not a very good speaker of the House, and she is an even lousier secretary of state.CAMERON Governor, I saw that you -- do you want to weigh in on this, Governor?
 Governor Romney, I assume you're eager to get into this. Go ahead.
 Thank you, Governor.Last round, Wendell Goler.Wendell?GOLER Gentlemen, I want to ask you a series of questions on no particular subject. These are simply questions I haven't had a chance to ask yet.Congressman Paul, I want to start with you. You have drawn some of the strongest reactions of any person on the stage, both pro and con, sir. When Ronald Reagan became a Republican, he said he hadn't left the Democratic Party, the Democrats had left him.Given your differences with the other gentlemen on the stage, has the Republican Party left you? Have these gentlemen left the Republican Party?
 And that is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates.
 Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of Florida, and also to all the great people here at the Shingle Creek Resort.Candidates, please note our next debate is in Iowa, Tuesday, December 4th. That's just less than a month before the caucus themselves.We'll see you there.
 And good evening from me. I'm Chris Matthews of MSNBC. Joining Marie (sic) and me in questioning the presidential hopefuls this evening will be John Harwood, chief Washington correspondent for CNBC, and Gerry Seib of the Wall Street Journal.We have a lot of ground to cover today, so in the interest of time, let's get right to it. Maria.
 Okay, Chris.Senator Thompson, this is your first debate in the election. We welcome you --
 -- and we kick it off with you.
 The economy is America's greatest strength. In a recent poll by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News, two-thirds of the American people said that we are either in a recession or headed toward one. Do you agree with that? And as president, what will you do to ensure economic vibrancy in this country?
 Senator, you've painted a very nice picture. The Dow and the S&P 500 today at new highs tonight, record numbers, and yet, two-thirds of the people surveyed said we are either in a recession or headed for one. Why the angst?
 Governor Romney, here in Detroit, Michigan, alone, one in every 29 homes went into foreclosure in the first six months of the year. Whose job is it to fix this problem, the government or private enterprise?
 Mayor Giuliani, the private equity firms are making billions of dollars. I guess it's a mystery to me -- and you can explain it as a New Yorker, where these billions of dollars -- where were they before, and is there any downside to this amazing bonanza in the hedge fund and the private equity firms?
 Just to test your forecasting ability, Mr. Mayor, will Torre keep his job?
 Okay. Thanks.
 Okay. Congressman Paul, I think you have questions and concerns about the bonanza in the hedgefund industry. Do you?
 Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)
 Senator McCain, what about that? How are you going to win the middle class back? Wall Street executives are making millions of dollars every year, paying tax rates of 15 percent, while the average guy out there is paying 30 percent in taxes. Is this system fair?
 So you're saying -- so you're saying, Senator -- (applause continuing) -- so you're saying the system is fair. My question was, is the system fair?
 Before we transition, Governor Huckabee, tell us about your Fair Tax. You're going to get rid of the IRS. You're going to have a -- basically a consumer tax. Won't that discourage spending? The American economy seems to always be driven by people buying things maybe they can't even afford. If you put a tax on spending as opposed to income, won't that encourage people to hoard their money rather than spend it, and hurt the economy?
 Congressman Hunter, do you agree with that, the idea of replacing the IRS, the income tax, a direct tax, with an indirect sales tax? HUNTER Well, actually, I'm a sponsor of the fair tax, but let me tell you, Chris, what is missing from this economy 1.8 million jobs that have moved to communist China from the United States, including over 54,000 jobs from Michigan.You know, a couple of years ago when our guys were getting hurt with roadside bombs in Iraq, I tried to find one steel company left in America that could still make high-grade armor steel plate to put on the sides of our humvees to protect against roadside bombs. I found one company left that could still do that, and as you go down through the array of military systems that we need for our security, we find that more and more of those have gone off-shore. So this is also a security issue.You know, in Willow Run just a couple of miles away, we made a bomber every 60 minutes during World War Two.We've made tens of thousands of tanks in Michigan. Today we could not do that because we've fractured the great industrial base of this country and we've pushed it off-shore with bad trade deals.And I would say to my colleagues, Senator Thompson, the other senators, you all voted for most-favored-nation trading status for communist China. That set the groundwork for 1.8 million high-paying manufacturing jobs moving off-shore, going off-shore -- some of them never to return.And what I would do is pass the Hunter-Ryan bill, which would put countervailing duties on the Chinese when they cheat; they are cheating on trade right now. I'd bring those jobs back home to the United States, and I would connect up the middle class of America with the Republican Party one more time. (Applause.)
 Senator Thompson, do you want to respond to that question or that comment by the congressman about Chinese trade?
 Ladies and gentlemen, we ask you please to refrain from the applause so that we can get as much time as possible with the candidates. Thank you so much.Senator Brownback, are you prepared to say categorically that under a Brownback administration, there will not be a tax increase?
 Yes. And I'd like to use the rest of my answer and time -- (laughter) -- to talk about some other things, because clearly, the last thing we need to do is raise taxes in this country. Currently the country now, the average citizen works until the first part, middle, of May just to pay their taxes? We're taxed to the max.I think it's not enough just to say I'm not going to raise taxes. What should we go to differently? Because the current tax code really is an abomination. People don't understand it. It's manipulative. It's Washington trying to direct people's lives.So I've put forward a proposal of an optional flat tax, and putting that on the table, saying, okay, you can pick this. If you want to stay in the code, go ahead, God bless you, but here's an optional flat tax. Sixteen countries around the world have gone to the flat tax. Nobody's gone back away from it, because it creates growth, it creates growth in the economy, and it increases revenue for the government.And we also -- we have to get spending under control. Here you've got to change the system. And I've been around it long enough to see that Republicans or Democrats in control -- the system is built to spend. I have constituents come in all the time to my office, and they say, "I'm a conservative, but could we have this bridge? How about this hospital?" They never say, "We've got too much federal money; would you please cut it?" Nobody's ever told me that. So I think we need to take that BRAC military process for base closings, apply it to the rest of government, so you have an annual process for culling federal spending that requires a vote of Congress.
 So name one program you would cut.
 Advanced Technology Program would be a good one to start with. It goes towards high-end spending, corporate welfare programs. There's an abundance of those that we've gone at. I worked with Senator McCain -- a number of us did. But cutting spending is tough to do because you always got somebody pushing back and seeking more. That's why you got to change the system, so that it regularly requires a vote of Congress on things to cut. That's what'll actually reduce spending.
 Congressman Tancredo, same question. Are you prepared to say categorically that under your administration, there will be no tax increase?
 Absolutely. I'll take the oath. The fact is this, that when we talk about spending cuts, which everybody, I think, on this stage, adheres to and certainly pays lip service to, we have to think about what exactly it is that pushes spending at the federal level, and believe it or not, it isn't even earmarks.I'm all for dumping them. It's okay with me. But don't think for a moment that if we did it tomorrow, all of a sudden, we'd have a balanced budget. Of course, we would not, because the thing that pushes spending at the federal level is mandatory spending. It's two things really -- Medicare, Social Security.Now, you can cut the entire budget, the discretionary budget. You could cut the whole thing out and only come close -- well, you'd cut the deficit pretty significantly. But frankly you really want to do without funding for the armed services? And that's exactly what we're talking about in the discretionary side. It's about $700 billion out of a three-point trillion-dollar budget.If you want to control federal spending, you must look at Social Security and Medicare, and it's a dicey game. I know the president tried. I give him credit for at least getting out there, touching that third rail, getting burned by it. He did, jumped back immediately.But the reality is this If you don't do it, forget about all this talk about reducing federal spending. It's not going to happen. You better address Social Security. You better come up with a way to allow for private Social Security accounts, structurally fix both of those things, or forget the idea of ending deficit spending.
 Mayor Giuliani and Governor Romney, these are 30- second answers.You've been having a tit-for-tat on tax cutting. What's the difference between the two of you? Your Honor first.
 Let's go to Governor Romney. Your difference with Mayor Giuliani on tax cutting?
 Mayor Giuliani, respond.
 Sir, a rebuttal here, final rebuttal.
 Do you believe it is?
 John Harwood.
 (Inaudible.) Okay, we got to go to John Harwood. Thank you. John.
 As good as that fight is, I've got a question for Senator Thompson.
 Senator Thompson, in the kind of dynamic economy that you mentioned, lots of new jobs are created, but a lot of jobs are lost, as well. The Bureau of Labor Statistics says three-fourths of manufacturing workers who lose their jobs and get new ones see their incomes go down. How would you explain to those people that their shrinking American dream is the price of progress? And what would you do to help them?
 Congressman?
 Yeah, let me answer that. You know, Senator Thompson, there is one place where the federal government has a role in manufacturing, and that's ensuring that everybody's playing by the rules.Now, when Communist China devalues their currency by 40 percent, they undercut American products around the world. They undercut them so low that we can't even pay for the cost of materials and meet their prices. Now, that has put 1.8 million working Americans out of work, and that job, the job of enforcing those rules, is the president's job. That's what I intend to do.
 Let me ask Senator McCain, you know, when a lot of us grew up in the late '50s and early '60s, a young guy could come out of high school, marry his girlfriend from school, get a job at a big industrial plant making planes or making subways and provide for a family with a middle-class income and his spouse wouldn't have to work. Will we ever go back to that world again?
 Can I -- Congressman Tancredo.
 John, I just want to quickly respond. I certainly can agree with the senator on one thing, that the people of this country believe that the government is broken and hasn't fixed their problems to a large extent because of the senator's efforts in support of illegal immigration. That's one reason why they're concerned, and that's -- you're absolutely right, the government hasn't fixed the problem. And for every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs 20,000 -- it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about 10,000 in taxes. You really want to do something about -- to restore the people's faith in government? Do something about illegal immigration, don't just talk about it. (Applause.)Okay, Gerry.
 Very sad.SEIB Governor Romney.Governor Romney, trade keeps popping up here, so let's bore in on it a little bit. By one estimate, the U.S. has lost 5 million jobs to overseas trade since 1989, and the U.S. must borrow every day $2 billion from overseas to pay for its imports. President Bush says trade is still good for America.Are you a Bush Republican on trade?
 Thanks, Governor.Mayor Giuliani, foreign acquisitions in the United States are headed for a record in 2007.And yet some money is still turned away. A Dubai company could not acquire our ports. A Chinese company could not acquire Unocal. Has this company -- has this country become protectionist, or are there serious, real national security concerns?
 So, yes or no, should a Dubai company be able to own 20 percent of NASDAQ?
 Very quickly down the line, same question. Should a Dubai company be able to own 20 percent of NASDAQ? Congressman?
 This is the story, Dubai owning NASDAQ. Is there a security issue?
 Senator McCain.
 Governor.
 Senator?
 Congressman Hunter. HUNTER No, because I don't trust them. And I don't trust them because a few years ago Dubai, while an American Customs agent was trying to stop them, set for delivery a set of nuclear triggers to an anonymous recipient in Islamabad, probably for the A.Q. Khan network. That went directly against American interests. So I would not do that.And to all my colleagues who talk about the joy of free trade, that requires one thing good business deals. We've made the only business deal in the world with 132 other competitors where they get to have a rebate on their taxes and then put a block up of 15 to 20 percent tariff against our goods, and we don't get to do the same thing. That's why we have a trade deficit with countries that have higher labor rates than the United States.So we're short on good businessmen, and I would junk those bad trade deals, bring them back to the table, and I'd practice mirror trade. If a country wants to put a 15 percent tariff against the United States, they're going to see that reflected back at them. If they want to take it down to 1 percent, we'll take it down to one, but there's not going to be a one-way street any longer.
 Thank you.Senator Brownback.
 Yes, I think of the people on this stage I'm the only that's worked in the trade field. I was in the trade field as White House fellow in the first Bush administration.If this party walks away from free trade, we're going the wrong way as a party. And I think Congressman Hunter is a wonderful man. The United States is a low-trade -- low-tariff country. I think our average tariff on anything that we have a tariff on -- and most things we don't -- is at 4 percent, so the negotiations we do are always with countries that have higher tariffs. And it's the objective that we have is to get those down, and we've had a decent record. What we've got to do now, I think, is really focus in on China's currency manipulation and intellectual property rights.
 So the answer is yes.
 Yes.
 No, if -- I'll tell you. If Dubai wanted to buy Wal-Mart, I might think about it. But if they wanted to buy something else that would have, in this case, certainly more of an impact on our national security interests, I'd say, no, we'd have to think about that in a totally different way.It is exactly the same with regard to China. There are things that we should have thought of in the first place when we passed the PNTR, which I voted against, along with Duncan Hunter. And I absolutely agree that trade is a great idea in many respects. But when you trade with people who are your potential enemy, and they have shown a willingness to use that economic opportunity to actually increase their threats to the United States, I'm not for trading with them at all.
 Governor, I mean, Senator Thompson, let me ask you about an income tax issue -- it gets batted around a lot in Washington -- the Alternative Minimum Tax. And here are the fiscal consequences. There's 20 million people about to be hit by that tax. It was meant to make sure rich people paid taxes but now, it's moving down because of inflation.If this tax isn't changed, 20 million people are hit by it. If we eliminate the Alternative Minimum Tax, it costs the federal government $100 billion that has to be replaced similarly somewhere else. How do you deal with something like that?
 Thank you, Senator.We're going to take a break right now.
 We're branching out into other topics.Senator Thompson, all things considered, has the Bush policy toward Iraq been a good one?
 Okay, thank you.
 Senator McCain, last week on the campaign trail, you were critical of President Bush for the lack of asking for sacrifice for the American -- from the American people after September 11th, adding that "Just go shopping" wasn't enough.What would you have asked?
 Congressman Paul, would you -- would we have gone to war in Iraq if we weren't so dependent on Middle East oil?
 Do you believe that, Senator Brownback, that we would (sic) have gone to war in Iraq if we weren't so dependent on Middle East oil?
 I don't believe that in the least. We went to Iraq -- on the war in Iraq, what I voted for was the war on terrorism.And Afghanistan was where the Taliban was -- where al Qaeda was located; it was run by the Taliban. And we saw in Iraq what we thought was the mixture of terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. And it was in 2003, this was in close proximity to 2001, when we had the 9/11 crisis, and I wasn't about to trust that Saddam Hussein wasn't going to mix terrorists with weapons of mass destruction. And we haven't found the weapons of mass destruction, but that doesn't mean we leave. And I think the Bush administration has generally done well military, and I think the military has done a fabulous job. (Applause.) I think we have done poorly on the political side.And this Friday, Joe Biden and I are getting together in Des Moines, and we're going to be talking about the political side, a three-state solution in Iraq. This is what ultimately is going to happen. You're going to have a Kurdish north, a Sunni west, a Shi'a south within one country, federalism, with a weak federal government; the federal government headquartered in Baghdad. Joe and I don't agree on hardly anything, but this is what we need to do to get the political equation. That's what has been poorly done by the Bush administration starting with General Garner and moving on through the succession. It hasn't been well-handled politically. We've got to get a better bipartisan political solution -- we can.
 Senator Thompson, Senator Brownback made the point that we haven't been able to find the WMD. You made a statement a couple of days ago, I believe, that alluded to the fact You believed that there were such weapons in Iraq. Do you believe they were there right before we got in and they were moved out somewhere?
 What do you believe?
 Okay.
 Thank you.Governor Romney, that raises the question, if you were president of the United States, would you need to go to Congress to get authorization to take military action against Iran's nuclear facilities?
 Did he need it?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Well, I guess I want to get to the basic constitutional view of you gentlemen. I want to start with Congressman Hunter, the same question. If -- I'd like to get a number of response -- this couldn't be more important. Do you believe that Congress has to authorize a strategic attack, not an attack on -- during hot pursuit -- but a strategic attack on weaponry in Iran? Do you need congressional approval as commander in chief? HUNTER Answer, Chris -- it depends on one thing First, I think the president does not need that if the target is fleeting. We live in this age of terrorists with high technology, and if you have a very narrow window to hit a target, if the president's going to have to take that on his shoulders, he's going to have to do it. He has the right to do that under the Constitution as the commander in chief of the military forces. If he has time, then certainly you want to go to Congress, as we did in Iraq, and get the approval of Congress. So it's a matter of whether or not the target is fleeting.And with respect to Iran, Iran is walking down the path to build a nuclear device. They've got now about a thousand centrifuges; they claim they've got 3,000. At some point, we may have to pre-empt that target. If we do, it should be done hopefully with allies but perhaps by the U.S. alone.
 Okay. Same question -- deadline, gentlemen, it's so important. Congressman Paul, do you believe the president needs authorization of Congress to attack strategic targets in Iran, nuclear facilities?
 Around the horn, Congressman -- (applause) -- Governor Huckabee, same question. Do you need Congress to approve such an action?
 Without going to Congress? Without going to Congress?
 And if Congress says no, what do you do? If Congress says no, what do you do, Governor?
 Senator McCain.
 Senator? Senator Thompson.
 Okay, let's just bring it up to date on this, the political context, you know, Mayor, that Hillary Clinton has proposed -- she's co-sponsored legislation to do just this, require the president to come to Congress for any decision to go attack a nuclear facility in Iran.
 Okay.
 (Inaudible.)
 Okay.
 Thank you, Mayor.
 Let me zero in on oil. Mayor Giuliani, under your leadership, how will this country become energy -- oil independent and strike the right balance between environmental conservation and oil exploration?
 But where do you draw the line? Do you support drilling off the coast of Florida, California?
 Senator Brownback, the same question. Where do you draw the line? Do you support drilling/exploration off the coasts of Florida?
 I think you go in every place that you can to find resources. I put forward a proposal for us to be energy-secure -- not independent, energy-secure -- in 15 years. I don't think it's realistic for us to say we can be independent of every country around the world on oil supplies or on energy supplies in the near future, given our dependence and given the nature of what the global economy is like.But I think one of the key answers is right here in Detroit. We've got to get more electricity involved in our car fleet. There's a Chevy Malibu parked out front here that's a hybrid flex-fuel -- they've got hybrid cars. They have flex-fuel cars. I think that's a big part of the answer. I'd like to see us move forward with getting the first 20 to 30 miles off of electricity that you plug into at night. That's technology. We're putting forward tax credits and incentives to try to move that forward. That's something Detroit here needs to grab on and is. And that can move us forward as an industry and as a country.
 But on the issue of exploration, you said yes to the coast of Florida, and you say yes to ANWR?
 I voted yes for ANWR, and I would support those in other places, environmentally sound.We have to do it in environmentally sound fashion.
 Congressman Tancredo.
 You bet. I would agree to exploration off the coasts. I mean, it's -- how fair is it today that Louisiana is producing all the oil that California and other countries (sic) are consuming, and they refuse to allow the exploration of oil of their coasts? I'd say if you don't -- if you won't allow it, you can't use it -- the stuff that we're getting from Louisiana. (Laughter.)Now, the other thing is this -- when we talk about deficits, our trade deficits, it's -- by the way, it's not importing, you know, toys from China that causes it. The biggest chunk of our trade deficit is due to one thing and one thing only -- it's oil. That's where all the dollars flow. And where do they flow? To countries that want to kill us. So, yeah, you better drill every place you can here, and you better figure out every way to reduce your dependency on foreign oil.
 John Harwood.
 Senator McCain, ExxonMobil, Chevron and ConocoPhillips this past year earned a combined $72 billion in profits. Is that too much? Should the oil industry pay higher taxes, or should it be required to use some of those profits to help solve our energy problems?
 But you wouldn't require the oil industry to do those things --
 You would not require the oil industry to use its profits to help pursue alternative energy?
 Governor Huckabee, the federal government has spent years and billions of dollars promoting ethanol, but the result has been a glut of ethanol and gas prices that are still at record level. Wouldn't it be better to just let the free market determine whether ethanol makes economic sense or not?
 Senator Thompson, let me ask you to respond on ethanol. Should the government determine whether ethanol makes sense or should the market?
 It's a southern thing, I guess.Should the government determine whether ethanol makes economic sense, or should the free market make that determination?
 Quick follow-up Governor Romney, you said government shouldn't get involved in business and free markets. Yet we subsidized farmers to the tune of $26 billion last year. Will the government end up bailing out farmers again?
 Thank you.
 Chris.
 This is one of those 30-second, down-the-line, gentlemen, questions.Polls show the Republicans are known as the party of national security and of moral values. The polls also show that voters look now, at least, to the Democrats to handle the economy.How are you going to win back their confidence in order?Congressman Paul.
 Governor?
 Senator McCain.
 How do the Republicans win back confidence on the economy, Governor Romney?
 Senator Thompson.
 Mayor.
 (Inaudible.)
 Okay. Congressman Hunter?
 Okay. HUNTER -- with their families a fair shot at a good job, and give those small businesses that have been outdone by China's --
 Okay. HUNTER -- cheating on trade a good chance at winning for a change.
 Senator? HUNTER That's what we can do.
 Senator.Thank you.
 I think real plans, like an optional flat tax -- (inaudible) -- personal Social Security accounts, and being optimistic.This the most powerful nation in the history of mankind right now. Less than 5 percent of the world's population, yet 20 percent of the world's economy, a third of the world's military spending, 40 percent of our research and development budget around the world is in this country. I mean this place rocks, and I think we need to be optimistic and upward-looking of what this nation is. (Applause.)
 Congressman.
 You want to raise wage rates in the United States. You want to reduce taxes in the United States. You want to encourage people to think about us as doing the right thing as Republicans do this -- stop illegal immigration into this country. We'll do all of these -- those things. And I'll tell you something else we need to do. I have never voted with Republicans more than I have since we've been in the minority. It's incredible. We're fighting Democrats now tooth and nail on every single thing, SCHIP -- great. You know what? Standing on principle is a good idea; too bad we didn't do it when we were in the majority.Let's think about this now. Stop pandering. Stop pandering to all of these special interest groups. Do what's right regardless of whether or not people all agree with you when you take -- you know, this kind of put your finger in the wind. Do what you believe in. Stop pandering, they'll believe in us. (Applause.)
 We have a special interest to hear from. Right now, we're taking a commercial break.
 Welcome back to the Republican debate.Let's switch gears, talk about Social Security and benefits. Senator Thompson, you seem to be one of the few that is willing to talk specific -- give specific steps to maintain long-term solvency of Social Security. Describe some of those specific steps.
 Thank you, Senator.John?
 Congressman Tancredo, I want to go back to something that came up earlier, that's the issue of trade. Governor Romney suggested that one reason our trade problems are so bad is that the negotiators for the Bush administration don't understand business well enough. Do you think that's part of the problem?
 No, no. The negotiators for the Bush administration -- probably the worst vote I ever passed was the vote to give the president Fast Track. I wish I'd have never done it, and I'll tell you why -- because everything I have seen subsequent to that time has been a package, a trade package that I certainly am concerned about from this standpoint -- not necessarily just the trade issues that we're involved in -- I mean, you know, talking about the tariffs -- CAFTA. Here was a bill over a thousand pages long to what -- to do what, to reduce tariffs between the six Central American countries and the United States? That was about a paragraph, right? But it's over a thousand pages.What worries me about what we've done in trade, what this administration has done in particular, is that we've included all kinds of things in there that had nothing to do with trade.In particular, of course, I'm talking about the immigration-related issues. I offered an amendment on the floor of the House during the debate on CAFTA, the Central America Free Trade Agreement, to say that there will be no immigration issues contained inside of a trade package. It was defeated. The speaker -- I mean, the chairman of the committee came down in the House -- to the House floor and raged that I would ever suggest such a thing. There is the problem.We are talking about trade issues that actually begin to impact our national sovereignty. There's the problem. We are reducing the importance of borders and increasing the threat to national sovereignty with the kind of trade programs that we put through up to this point in time.
 Gerry.SEIB Governor Romney, as you well know, health costs are a huge issue for the automakers in this city. Do you think the Republican Party should take the lead in ending the employer-based health care system we have now and replace it with something else? And if so, what would that be?
 Thank you, Governor.This is a 30-second answer.And the question is, are unions good for America? And please act like you're a member of a union and limit it to 30 seconds. (Laughter.) Okay?I'll start with Congressman Paul. Please, we have limited time.
 Governor?
 Senator McCain.
 Governor?
 Can you name a few "good" unions?
 Okay, we have to get --
 These are 30 seconds. I'm sorry, Governor.
 I have to cut you off. I'm sorry.Senator?
 Yes, sir.
 Mayor?
 Can you sing that song, Mr. Mayor?
 Can you sing that song?
 (Laughs.)
 Work for the union label.
 (Laughs.)
 Congressman Hunter. HUNTER I can tell you a good union, the Steel Workers Union. When last year, Chris, we had a strike in a Kansas plant that made the tires for our humvees, I called up the president of the Steelworkers and the president of Goodyear, and within a very short period of time, they were working together, they got that thing done for the good of the country.A union is a receptacle of power, just like management. But those folks love this country, they love their family, and they helped to build a middle class, which has been important for America and for our party. We need to work with unions to win this presidency.
 Senator Brownback.
 Sure. They've been good for the United States, I think, historically. My mother was a union member. She was a mail carrier, a rural mail carrier. She called herself a "postal packin' grandma" for a good period of time. And it helped her on health care. It helped her, I think, in some negotiations.I think there can be abuses, and I think you're seeing some of them taking place. Department of Labor is going through and looking at some of those abuses. And I think the government has to work aggressively to see that those don't take place and that there is effective oversight, which I don't think you see during a Democrat administration. I think that is good for union members to have that effective oversight.
 Okay.Congressman Tancredo.
 Sam, I don't -- your mom, if she was a postal worker, believe me, she didn't need a union on top of Civil Service. (Laughter.) The fact is that --
 Don't pick on my mother. (Laughter.)
 I'm sure she's a sweetheart.
 I love my mother. (Laughter, applause.)
 I'm sure she's a sweetheart, but she doesn't -- she didn't need --
 Leave my mother out of this.
 -- both, I'll guarantee you.Really one of the problems is that we do allow civil servants to also have union benefits, and believe me, that becomes a conflict.The creative conflict that occurs between unions and management is usually a good thing. When unions, I think, get off track is when they start to influence public policy, especially with regard to -- need I say it -- illegal immigration -- (laughter) -- allowing illegal immigration into the country, because they want to fill up their ranks. HUNTER My mother is not an illegal immigrant.
 Because they want to fill up their ranks. That's why they can be problematic.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator McCain, President Bush said GM and Ford need to produce a product that's relevant rather than look to Washington for help. Do you agree?
 I'll repeat the question. Are you hearing me now?President Bush said that GM and Ford need to produce a product that's relevant rather than looking to Washington for help. Do you agree?
 Senator Thompson, quick follow-up there. Thirty seconds, please. (Applause.) Chrysler is facing a possible walkout on Wednesday. Should the government step in and help Chrysler and the other automakers?
 Why?
 Even if they say that they are at a disadvantage to foreign automakers.
 It took a long time. He said no; he should've stopped there. (Laughs.)Anyway, Mr. Mayor, let me ask you about --
 Okay, let's go to the police. How would you police the Internet culturally, Mr. Mayor?
 How would you police the Internet culturally -- you know, the whole questions about the stuff that's going on -- predators, that sort of thing --
 -- pornography. How do we do it?
 Should we have an FCC-style agency for the Internet?
 And Senator McCain, you're saying no, absolutely not. Very quickly.
 We'll take a short break, and then when we come back, our lightning rod (sic) segments. (Applause.)
 We're back with a lightning round. Gentlemen, it's 30 seconds to respond. Just one person per question.Governor Huckabee, the first one. President Bush last week vetoed a plan to expand health coverage for millions of lower-income children and in part because he says the 35 billion (dollars) it will cost over five years is too expensive. Would you have vetoed the bill, the SCHIPs?
 (Laughs.)
 But if it got there, would you have vetoed, Governor?
 Would you have vetoed, it was handed to you, that bill?
 Thank you.Maria.
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Romney, Arab Americans are feeling a bias after September 11th from their fellow Americans. Since we're in Dearborn, Michigan, one of the largest Arab Americans -- populations in the country, how would you change that?
 Senator Thompson, what are the dangers of a weak dollar?
 Mr. Mayor, Hillary Clinton says that one of our biggest economic threats right now is how much of our federal debt is owned by foreigners, owned overseas. Do you agree?
 Senator Brownback, who would be your top economic adviser, your ideal adviser for economics?
 (Pause.) I like the former chairman of the Federal Reserve's thoughts that he has, would be a key individual. There would be -- I think you'd need to get really an amalgam of people on economic issues. You know, you talk about having -- economist says on this hand, it goes this way, on that hand it goes this way, and so they always are saying they're looking for a one- handed economist. I think on economics, because the things do move around on you, you need a number of people. There's even a pretty good one in the audience in Phil Gramm, the former senator out of Texas.
 Senator McCain, has Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke cut interest rates aggressively enough?
 Has Ben Bernanke cut rates aggressively enough?
 Congressman Paul, do you promise to support the nominee of the Republican Party next year?
 Okay. Let me try that by a couple of gentlemen on the right over here.Mr. Tancredo, would you pledge now to support the nominee of your party?
 You know, I've said I don't know how many times that I am absolutely tired and sick and tired of being forced to go to the polls and say I'm going to make this choice between the lesser of two evils. I really don't intend to do that again.I am hoping, of course, that whoever we nominate will be the principal flag carrier for the Republican Party, but if that is not the case, no, then I will not.
 Senator Brownback, same question. Would you support the nominee before you know who it is?
 You know, I will support the nominee of this party. I think it's a big party that has a lot of different people and a lot of different philosophies, and I believe that person that's going to lead the party will be somebody that is pro-growth and pro- life. I think these are two pivotal, key foundation issues that this party needs to stand for. (Applause.)
 But if not, if they are not, would you still support them?
 (Off mike) -- it's going to be, and I'm going to support the nominee of the party.
 Congressman? HUNTER Yeah, I would support the nominee of the party, but also work with whoever that nominee is to make sure that they understand that the Republican Party was built on a respect for human beings, and I think if we lose that respect and that protection for unborn human beings, then the party that Abraham Lincoln founded will be no more. (Applause.)
 Okay, thank you.
 Mayor Giuliani, is London going to replace New York as the financial capital of the world?
 Is London going to replace New York as the financial capital of the world, and if so, what are you going to do to change that?
 Well, we're seeing an increased number --
 We're seeing increased amounts of business go to London. (Cross talk, Laughter.)
 Well, the number of IPOs is higher in London in '07 than in New York.
 So how do you explain the loss of business in New York going to London? How do you explain some companies complaining about Sarbanes-Oxley and complaining about -- (inaudible) -- society in America?
 Governor Romney, same question.
 Okay, thank you.
 Okay.Senator --
 Senator --
 Okay. Let me ask you, Senator -- this is the first presidential debate up near the border. We're only a few minutes from the Canadian border. We're surrounded, in fact very close to our strongest trading partner. We buy more from Canada than we do from China. We sell them about four times as much as we buy from them.They're incredibly friendly with us, although they don't share our foreign policy. Tell me about the prime minister of Canada, how we can get along with -- who is the prime minister of Canada?
 Okay. Tell me about him.
 What are relations going to be? We always ignore that relationship.
 Just leave him alone. Just leave it alone. I mean, my point is, our friends don't get much attention. Do you have any thoughts?
 Okay. Thank you, Senator.
 Government Huckabee, how do you fix airline travel in this country, and how do you pay for it?
 Thanks, Governor.
 Senator McCain, this is close to your heart. How would you catch bin Laden?
 (Laughs, laughter.)
 Maria.
 Governor Romney, what -- (interrupted by cheers, applause).
 What -- Governor Romney, what is the greatest, long-term threat to the U.S. economy?
 Very quickly, Senator Brownback.
 The breakdown of the family is our biggest long- term problem we have. You've got 36 percent of the children born out of wedlock in Detroit --
 Greatest economic threat.
 Yes, on a long-term basis. Because if you don't start children -- and you can raise a good child in a single-parent family. You can do that. But we do know by the broad numbers that the best place is between a mom and a dad, and in our inner cities, you're looking at 65, 70 percent of the children born out of wedlock.You know, your best way to solve your education, your crime rate problems, your drug problems is to get more children in that stable environment. It's a tough issue. This is a tough issue. But long term, I think that's our biggest problem.
 Mayor Giuliani, would it be good for the country, for the voters of the country, to have a third-party option?
 Senator Thompson, Senator Thompson, this was your first debate. How did it feel?
 Do you regret waiting so long?
 Are we out of questions?
 Our thanks to the audience today. Our thanks to the candidates. Gentlemen, thank you very much. (Applause.)
Tavis Smiley, host of "Tavis Smiley" on PBS.SMILEY The podium order was determined by a random drawing that included all 10 announced GOP candidates.Those candidates not here tonight are represented by an empty podium. Each candidate will have one minute to answer all questions until we get a little short on time later, and then we'll use moderator's prerogative to advance the conversation.Before we get to the first question tonight, from our radio contest winner at BlackAmericaWeb.com, let me throw this out to each of you candidates who are here tonight, starting with you, Governor Mike Huckabee.Please tell me and this audience, in your own words, why you chose to be here tonight and what you say to those who chose not to be here tonight.
 Thank you very much for having us here.I want to say just at the outset, I apologize for the candidates that aren't here. I think this is a disgrace that they're not here.I think it's a disgrace for our country, I think it's bad for our party, and I don't think it's good for our future.You know, you grow political parties by expanding your base, by reaching out to people and getting more people. What they're doing is sending the message of narrowing the base, and that's not the right way to go. It's not good for the Republican Party, it's not good for the country. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry to you and I'm sorry to those watching that they're not here.I've got a suggestion, though, for a way to fix it. A lot of people on the Republican side say Well, OK, we can't get votes in the African American community. I say Why don't you pick one of the early primary states, like a South Carolina or a Michigan, register Republican, and vote for one of the six of us?And then let's see what takes place.SMILEY Senator Brownback, thank you very much. Congressman Tancredo?
 Thank you, Tavis. I am here likewise because I was asked and because I made a commitment on your show. I must admit to you that it is pleasurable and a little bit different to be in this kind of an environment with my colleagues who are here because the last time I was at an event of this nature, it was the NAACP convention and I was the only Republican that showed up.So I am glad that my colleagues have joined me on the stage tonight.And I am especially glad to be here to be able to talk about something that was mentioned during the original introduction, something you said, I believe, Tavis, when you talked about -- we're here to talk about the promise of America.And that is what drives me, that's -- I think, probably all of my colleagues up here. That is exactly why we can get up, do the next event, go get on the plane, do the next event. It is because the promise of America is something that we all have to actually share in, and we have to explain to everybody that's listening to us how we would fulfill that, what would we do for that promise of America -- to every single person in this room and for every person listening on the radio and television tonight.SMILEY Thank you, sir.
 So, certainly, that's why I am here to do so.SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.You know, when we have family reunions and some of the family members don't show up, we do talk about them.But I'm not going to do that.You know, tonight we have about 160,000 Americans in Iraq -- in a war. We have over 20,000 of our uniform personnel in Afghanistan. And I'm going to talk, tonight, about how we leave Iraq in victory.We have a border and we've got a big piece of this border, obviously, shown right behind us here. We have a border which is on fire with massive amounts of narcotics and people being smuggled across, illegally, as we stand here. I want to talk about that.But you know, most importantly, I want to do what my little grandson did when he walked up to his first grade teacher about a month ago, stuck his hand out, said, "My name is Duncan Hunter."We call him "D-3."And he said, "My grandpa's going to be president."And then this little 6-year-old looked his teacher right in the eye and he said, "Now, can I count on your vote?"I'm coming here for your vote.SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES Now, I wouldn't want to seem to be the fellow who's going to speak up in defense of our absent colleagues here.But I think it is a little unfair to assume that they didn't show up tonight because they were sending a message of some negative kind to the Black community, for the very obvious reason that they didn't show up at the Values Voters Debate, either -- which, of course, sent a very negative message to the people who are interested in the issues that were discussed there.Do you know what these two debates do have in common though? The Values Voters Debate was the first debate I was included in. And this is the second debate I'm included in.I've been barred from the debate in Michigan, for reasons best known to the party there. And what do you want to make of that? The other guys will show up there.Now, that suggests that they may or may not be afraid of all Black people, but there seems to be at least one Black person they're afraid of.And I think the reason -- the reason that they have this fear is pretty evident. They don't believe that it's possible to address a significant portion of the Black community...SMILEY Mr. Ambassador?AMB. KEYES ... on the basis of solid Republican principles, and I do.SMILEY Mr. Ambassador, thank you very much for being here.Let me now introduce, to get this conversation really started, Lucille Victoria Rowels of Chicago, winner of our online contest in which we asked listeners of the "Tom Joyner Morning Show" to submit their questions to the Web site.Lucille, please welcome her.ROWELS Even though a majority of individuals who have served as president since Abraham Lincoln have been Republican, I believe that most Black Americans who will vote in the year 2008 are not able to name even one Republican president in the 142 years since Lincoln's death who have left a positive and significant legacy for Black Americans.If you are elected president in 2008, what positive and significant legacy, if any, will you leave for Black Americans?SMILEY Governor Huckabee?
 Lucille, it's a great question. It's one we should ponder and ponder seriously. There are several things that I would do. One is focusing in on rebuilding the family, and that's been at the core of my campaign -- is rebuilding the family.We pushed that in Washington D.C. where I chaired the committee and developed marriage -- development accounts, and really urging that.The second one is I think symbols are important, and I would hope I would be the president that would open the National African American Museum of History and Culture on the Mall in Washington, D.C.I pushed for that. We've gotten the funding on it. And that symbolism would be important to do.And the final thing that I think is critical that we do. I think we need to have -- and we need to pass in the Congress, and the president sign it and say it, an official apology from the U.S. government for the institutions of slavery and segregation in this country. I think that needs to be done.SMILEY Senator, thank you. Congressman Tancredo?
 Thank you.First of all, I do believe that there are a number of Republican presidents who have done a great deal for Black Americans, because they've done something for all Americans.Ronald Reagan, from my point of view, did something for every single American by increasing individual liberty.You know, it is, I think, destructive to only talk about the politics of race, and suggest that all of the actions taken, or all of the specific programs that we identify and talk about tonight should be focused on race.It really does not do a service, I think, to us as Americans and again, that promise to America. And I'll tell you this, one of the things that I will do as president of the United States, to increase the economic opportunities for every American, especially people in the lower economic rung of the ladder in America, is to reduce the flow of illegal immigration into this country, which depresses wage rates for the lowest-income earners in this country.And it's got to be dealt with. It's got to be dealt with forcefully. And I tell you, yes, Black America, brown America, white America, all will be enhanced by actually enforcing our laws.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.What a wonderful question. And, you know, I think that we also have to add, with Governor Huckabee's statement about Ike, that calm hand of Dwight Eisenhower that brought about desegregation -- also, you know, in 1964, that Civil Rights Act was passed with a greater proportion of Republican votes in the United States Congress than Democrat votes, a fact that's been forgotten over the years. I want you to remember that.But, you know, I can't talk about young Black Americans, the need for them to be shielded from pornography, which is certainly a need, without talking about the need for all Americans to be shielded from pornography.And in the barrio where I practiced law before I ran for Congress and got this job, I remember Mr. Sanchez down the street with his family, working 18-hour days, a need to have less regulation, less taxation. That would help all Americans.And I guess I would go with Jack Kemp's great statement A rising tide lifts all boats. A Republican administration, my administration, would lift all boats.SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Ambassador Keyes.AMB. KEYES I would hope that the most important legacy of my administration would be to remind people that in spite of all the talk, I don't believe there is this deep divide between Blacks and whites in America.I believe that we are, in fact, part of one nation and one community, and that we stand together right now in danger of our rights, because the core of that community is not race; the core of that community is not money. The core of that community is the moral consensus that we are all created equal and endowed by our creator, God, with our unalienable rights that we have the right in our policies and in our laws to honor and respect the creator, God.And as a practical matter, I would want to see that unity, that moral understanding restored where it is most important -- in the education of our young by adopting an approach to education that empowers every parent in this country to send their children to schools that reflect their faith and values...SMILEY Ambassador...AMB. KEYES ... so that the Black community can re-instill moral, community-based schools that reflect their Christian beliefs.SMILEY I appreciate it. Lucille, thank you very much.Let me now turn this conversation over to a terrific and very able panel of journalists who will take us the rest of the way.First up, Cynthia Tucker, editorial page editor for the "Atlanta Journal Constitution" and a recipient this year of the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary. Please welcome Cynthia Tucker.Up next, Ray Suarez, well known to PBS viewers for his work on "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer." Please welcome Ray Suarez.And JuanMODERATOR of NPR and a contributor to FOX News channel. Please welcome JuanMODERATOR.SMILEY Ms. Tucker will start the conversation. Governor Huckabee will answer first. And then we will move down the line giving every candidate the chance to answer the next question first.Cynthia Tucker for Governor Huckabee.CYNTHIA TUCKER Governor, I want to ask about race and unemployment.In 2006, the unemployment rate of Black high school graduates -- that's high school graduates -- was 33 percent higher than the unemployment rate for white high school drop outs. What do you think accounts for that inequity?
 I think there's a couple of things -- I think there's a couple of things that are at work here. One is, I think clearly, we still don't have a colorblind society. And we're seeing that. We continue to see it.I think we've made some great progress. I've worked with Congressman John Lewis on a number of projects, worked with him on this museum that I just spoke about tonight. That museum is going to happen, and we worked together.But there is still racism that does exist in America.There is a second issue here that I think we need to address, and it's the growth of the economy, particularly where people are located.I come from a rural state of Kansas. And I've got places in my state where there's economic growth taking place, and I have places where it's not.And what you have to do to try to stimulate it is really have a tax policy, something I've talked about, about an optional flat tax, and maybe you put it in places where they need the economic growth to take place more than in other places. So you stimulate the growth of the economy where people are needing the most opportunities to grow.And that's something I would do and work on. And I think it is part of the issue.SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?
 OK, I just cannot agree with this race-baiting kind of comments about the reason why we have these problems.My friends, I'll tell you that I believe, with all my heart -- look, why was it that in the '50s, in the '40s, and actually leading up into the early '60s, the ability for Blacks in the United States to improve themselves economically was working? They were moving up the ladder.Families were in tact -- in better shape, by the way, than most white families of that same period of time. What happened? Two things have happened to -- I believe -- to devastate the Black community when it comes to economic opportunity.One, the welfare state; it began to pay people to not be in the home.And when that happened, what we saw is a decline in wage rates.And two, of course, is the importation of millions upon millions of low-income workers that depress the wage rates for the lowest income among us. Those two things are responsible, and it's got nothing to do with race.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you.You know, Republicans, when we had that great match up of a Republican majority in Congress in the '90s and President Bill Clinton, the Republicans initiated legislation three times to reform welfare.The first two times, President Clinton vetoed it, and the third time he signed it and took credit for it. It's something I've done every now and then in my career.When we did that, let me tell you what happened. The number of jobs of single moms, the employment rate went up. Families did much better. You had the average income go up in the communities where the welfare reform took place. You had, according to HHS, 32 percent increase in employment in those jobs and in those families which previously were on welfare. We did very, very well by breaking this cycle of welfare.But lastly, there is one party that is very important to jobs, jobs in the community for everybody.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER That's the small businessman. If we help the small businessman, and that's a Republican trademark, we'll do it...SMILEY Thank you, sir, very much. Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES I have to say I think the most important factor in all of this does have something to do with policies that had an impact on race, but it was the disproportionately destructive impact that a lot of government programs had on the moral foundations and family structure in the Black community.You talk about folks finding job opportunities. You know where a lot of Black men find job opportunities these days? In prison.And that is something that reflects the reality that when you allow the family to break down, when you have government regulations that drive the father from the home, you have established the conditions for the upbringing of children to be nonproductive, to be violent, to be turned in directions that will be destructive of their economic future.And when you add to that the promotion of a culture of promiscuity, a culture of selfish hedonism, that leads people not to understand that that marriage partnership is the most important foundation of any real economic life, then you have especially destroyed the Black community.And I believe the disproportionate impact of these negative things...SMILEY Ambassador Keyes, thank you sir.AMB. KEYES ... has accounted for a lot of these bad results.SMILEY Ambassador Keyes, thank you. Ray Suarez will get the next question now. Congressman Paul will answer first.RAY SUAREZ Congressman Paul, the most commonly cited statistic for the number of illegal immigrants living in the United States is 12 million people. Is it desirable, is it even practical to try to send them all home?If the next Congress passes comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship, will you sign it, or will you support sending the 12 million home?
 Thanks. Thanks, Ray, for the tough question.The American people are for immigration. They don't support illegal immigration. That's what they want to see take place. They want a legal system. They're for legal immigration; they're not for illegal immigration.We've been through this debate now for a couple of years. They want to see us secure the border, and that's something I will push and do and have voted for and will in the future.They want to see us have enforcement at the worksite. And that's something that I will do and push and enforce as well, because that's the key attraction -- not the only one, but it's the key attraction -- at the worksite.I will not support new paths to citizenship. I do think in the future we should look at different work-visa-type programs as a way to be able to deal with the problem that you're identifying, which is the realistic problem of where we are today.SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?
 Twelve million to 20 million people in this country illegally. Then that is the ultimate question, is What do we do about that situation today, because we can all rave about how we're going to secure the borders -- which I'm glad to hear, by the way, these newfound positions with regard to the borders and security?Great. Happy they're there.But you're right, what are the -- the real issue is What do we do about the people here? And I will tell you, when you use phrases like "rounding them up," I mean, it -- those are -- they are improperly used in this respect. Because we're not talking about rounding people up.If you, in fact, simply enforce the law -- I know that's a scary topic sometimes and a controversial attitude to take -- but enforcing the law, especially against hiring people who are here illegally, you will see people returning home, voluntarily.It's happening today in states all over this nation. That's exactly the key to this. You do not have to round people up. You simply have to enforce the law.SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you.Tavis, thank you.Thank you, Ray.Folks that are here illegally have to leave and let me tell you why. Today, if you're a dry wall contractor and you play by the rules and you pay $27 a loaded hour for each of your employees, you will be constantly under-cut by contractors who use people who are here illegally.That's not fair to Americans who play by the rules. And we just talked jobs a few minutes ago. That's one reason you have, in certain areas, especially in the construction trades now, higher levels of unemployment.You have to build a border fence and you've got to have a real border, not just for immigration issues, but also because of security issues.And right now, I wrote the law that extends that border fence 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and California. We need to build the border fence. It's the law.And when people come to this country, they've got to knock on the front door, because the back door's going to be closed.SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES Well, I think, especially in this context, it's important to remember a number of things. The border is a matter of security, first of all. And we have to make sure that we control it, or no laws we pass have any significance. People will still cross on their own terms.So the very first priority has to be to get back control. But we also have to remember why we lost control, because these elites who have been under the thumb of certain corporate interests have an interest in cheapening the price of labor in America.Do you want to know who's first hurt by that cheapened price of labor?Black folks are first hurt, as they've been hurt in the rebuilding of New Orleans, in the rebuilding of other parts of the United States that were affected by those hurricanes. It's time we stopped fooling around with this issue.I think people, including a lot of the Black liberals, are more worried about what we do with illegal immigrants than they've ever been about the impact of illegal immigration on Black Americans who have been in this country all along. I'm sick of seeing it.SMILEY Governor Huckabee?
 Senator Brownback, tonight, as young Black and Latino Americans are watching this debate, they often feel quite alienated from the Republican Party, a party that does not seem to respond to their issues.You realize about 50 percent of young Black and Latino people dropping out of high school, 35 percent poverty rate, nearly 60 percent of America's prison population Black and brown.The one area of these problems touching on federal government policy has to do with criminal justice. Today, in Jena, Louisiana, it was announced that one of the Jena 6, originally convicted as an adult, will be tried now as a juvenile.Name one reform, Senator, that you would endorse to assure young Black and Latino people in America that they will have equal justice in America's courts.
 Could you say the last sentence again? Your mike's not on up here. I want to make sure I hear.
 Can you name one reform, one criminal justice reform, that you would endorse to assure young Black and Latino Americans that they will have equal justice in America's courts?
 OK. I think I may be the only person up here on this stage that's spent a couple nights in jail, of my own volition, and I went in to look at the system. I spent a night in a prison in Kansas and I spent a night in a prison in Louisiana. I've stayed in homeless shelters to answer and to get a feel for what you're talking about.And you hear about it very fast. And you get a feel for it about how people have become loners and went to crime, in some cases, and then caught and want to turn their lives around. So it spawned me to push the Second Chance Act.It's something that we've gotten through the Committee on the Judiciary, and what it's primarily focused on is to help people if they have been caught and they are in prison, that they not go back again. Because right now in the United States of America, if you go to prison, the chances of you going back are two-thirds, 66 percent. That is a travesty that that number is that high.This bill in five years we cut it in half. A lot of it is faith- based institutions. A lot of it is mentorship and work programs. So we can help people that are chains they can't break themselves.SMILEY I hate to cut you off. Congressman Tancredo?
 I believe that it was mentioned earlier, and I certainly agree with the fact that first of all, there are far too many criminal statutes at the federal level. The Constitution establishes the roles for the federal government and the state government, and we have taken on far too many things at the federal level, especially drugs laws -- mandating certain penalties and that sort of thing.I do not believe that that is the responsibility of the federal government. That should be at the state level, and I would certainly not support.And as a way of reform, by the way, I would move the federal government out of that whole business.Now, let me say one thing other -- that, I think, that has to be mentioned here. When you talk about the crime rate, so much of this is connected to another huge problem, and that you cannot take apart and you cannot look at just in segments.And that is this. The family -- what is happening to the Black family in America today and what has been happening for the last 40 years is a disgrace. It is because, of course -- as I said earlier, the welfare state has helped create this.But you know what? The welfare state cannot be the -- it can be the breadwinner, but it cannot...SMILEY Congressman...
 ... it cannot give you morals, values or discipline. And that's what it takes...SMILEY Congressman Tancredo...
 ... in America today.SMILEY Thank you, sir. Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.Juan, I don't know as much about the facts as you do in this particular case. But the facts, related, that I read in "The Washington Post" was that the one young man there was knocked unconscious and was kicked in the head while he was unconscious.And I would say this This is the nation that has rules of law based on accountability, and that that accountability should be followed. And I don't know what particular divisions between juvenile and non-juvenile courts are being made in this case, but there must be accountability.If, in fact, the young man was kicked in the head while he was unconscious, there has to be accountability for that. And that is clearly criminal accountability.Now let me go beyond that. You know, while we talk about this, we've got hundreds of thousands of Americans from all groups and all ethnicities depending on each other, saving each other's lives, every day being with each other in this partnership that we call the U.S. military in Afghanistan and Iraq.We ought to learn from them. And we ought to find that common ground that's allowed them to go forward together. That will make a great America.SMILEY Congressman Hunter, let me jump in right quick. This is the first time I've had to do this, because I want to make sure we get answers to these questions.Your answer notwithstanding, Mr.MODERATOR' question was not answered by you, respectfully.And that is Is there a particular policy that you would support to guarantee young Black and brown men watching right now a fairer equal justice system? That part you did not get to. HUNTER OK. Here's my answer.SMILEY OK. HUNTER I don't think there's any way you can be more fair then to have people in this country, under this wonderful Constitution that we put together, where people who are tried for criminal acts are tried by a jury of their peers.Juries, obviously, are blemished in many ways and are not perfect, but a jury trial under the law is, I think, the best system of justice on the face of the Earth.SMILEY Move on now to Ambassador Keyes.AMB. KEYES Well, I've always favored, and if you look at a book I wrote some years back called "Masters of the Dream," there was a proposal in it that was part of a package of what we need to do to restore real local self-government, which in our case would be neighborhood self-government in a lot of our urban areas.One of the features of that neighborhood government would be the reinstitution of what were called in the old days things like justices of the peace.They were people who lived in the community, came out of the community, were empowered to judge offenses committed by folks who were in and lived in that community so that there would be sensitivity to the truth that you're not just dealing with crooks.Sometimes you're dealing with young people who, if you treat them in the right way, can be put on a path that will be constructive instead of destructive.But only the people who live in the community would understand that. So they need to have justices of the peace. They need to have judges who come from amongst them.The other thing I would do is I would make sure when people were in prison and they were being paroled, that you had to consult the community and make a deal. The community would agree to receive that person back, but they would also promise to help that person to establish a decent life.So, that community partnership would be restored.SMILEY Thank you, sir. Governor Huckabee?
 Well, let's first take the issue that you mentioned with regard to the District of Columbia. It is not a state and, therefore, not entitled to representation as a state.If, in fact, you want -- if it becomes the desire of the country to have that kind of representation, then the district -- then it should be split up, and the portion that was ceded to the federal government by Virginia should go back to Virginia, the portion that was ceded by Maryland should go back to Maryland. Then they would be represented by states. It would work.Also, with regard to voting opportunities and the use of a photo ID -- let me tell you that it is really not that difficult to obtain. And I don't think that we're asking too much of people when they're doing something that is one of the most sacred duties of anybody in this society, to actually show that they are the person who they say they are. I don't think that's asking too much.And I think you can get a photo ID and they don't even have to -- you don't even need a driver's license. You can get a photo ID, a state ID, you can do it relatively easily.SMILEY Congressman? Thank you, sir. Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Well, thank you, Tavis.You know, I might be a little more open to statehood for D.C. if they would allow their citizens to be able to keep and bear arms in their houses to protect their safety.And I offered that amendment a couple of years ago. It passed and when it passed, the Democrats brought down the entire crime bill rather than let D.C. residents have the right to keep and bear arms.And on the issue of allowing -- mandating some type of ID, you know the first 21 Black congressmen were Republicans who came out of the South, and they went into a series -- they went into a series of poll taxes and all types of deals that the Democrats put in, road blocks the Democrats put in their place to keep them from being able to vote.So I don't agree with those types of stumbling blocks. But I would say this We have right now a real danger of people that are illegally in the country being rounded up, herded into the polls -- we've seen that in California -- voting illegally. That disenfranchises everybody in that community.I think you have to have some IDs.SMILEY Thank you, sir. Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES I think the most important thing to remember about Washington, D.C., is that it was established to be a unique representation of the whole people of the United States.That's a city that's supposed to belong to the nation, not to any one group and not to any one region. That's why it was put together in the first place.I think it's terribly important to maintain that symbol of the unity of our country. We're a free people. If folks don't want to live in the conditions that prevail in Washington because of its unique status, they can go to Maryland. A whole bunch of folks have done so.They can go to Virginia. A whole bunch of folks have done so. Some of the biggest churches and everything else now exist in Prince George's County, because people left the District.They have that right, and I think that they can exercise it. But I think that the country is entitled to have this possession that symbolizes our whole united people, standing together as one community. I think it's terribly important that we sustain it.SMILEY Governor Huckabee?
 Yes. It's a good question. It's a tough question. I have chaired the D.C. Subcommittee, both the authorizing and the Appropriations subcommittee. I support the residents of D.C. the right to vote. But there's a way to do it and there's a way not to do it. And the way to do it is to amend the Constitution, and the way not to do it is to pass something that's unconstitutional.In the 23rd Amendment to the Constitution, it gave D.C. the right to vote for president.But it didn't give them the right to vote for Congress. And what you have to do what we have to do. And what I support is amending the Constitution so they can have the right to vote. D.C. deserves that right. There's a way to do it, there's a way not to do it.SMILEY Ray Suarez will ask the next question, first answered by Congressman Duncan Hunter.SUAREZ Congressman Hunter, the Federal Agency for Health Care Research and Quality recently reported that both Latinos and Blacks receive "significantly worse," in their words, medical care than whites in the United States.One out of three Hispanics, one out of five Black Americans is uninsured. Hispanics are 2.5 times as likely as non-Hispanic, white Americans to be uninsured. One of three Hispanics hasn't been to the doctor in more than a year. And as has already been mentioned, diabetes, asthma, hypertension are untreated or under-treated in communities across America.What does your health care plan contain to address some of these disparities in access to care and access to quality health care? HUNTER Well, Ray, the first thing I'd say is I can't -- as a guy who practiced law in the barrio and took lots of cases that anybody who couldn't pay didn't have to pay, as people came into my office, down there in the barrio in the waterfront in San Diego, I didn't separate them out. So I'm not going to separate them out now. And I'm going to talk about how I think we can have affordable health care.The first thing you've got to have is the ability to buy your health care insurance across state lines. And right now, nobody in the United States can do that.And that means that the same policy that costs 70 bucks a month in Long Beach, California, costs $343 a month in New Jersey, but the New Jersey policyholder can't change policies and buy the policy in California. So we've got to change that.Secondly, I think we bring back the family doctor. And I think one way you bring back the family doctor is by taking away massive malpractice burdens, these massive insurance premiums that we place on people.And finally -- finally, Ray, let's try a little freedom. How about if we said in the tax code that if a doc will be a family doc, in the barrio, in the community, and he will do office visits for 30 bucks or 40 bucks a visit, he doesn't have to pay taxes on that, he doesn't have to have three accountants, he doesn't have to do all those things?SMILEY Congressman Hunter, thank you. HUNTER Bring back the family doctor.SMILEY Thank you. Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES I think two things are important, very briefly.First, before I would think about bringing back the family doctor, particularly where the Black community is concerned, it might be helpful to bring back the family.And that would mean that you are going to do what is necessary to support married couples, to encourage marriage, to encourage the rearing of children in the context of a two-parent household.Not because one is disparaging one-parent households, but because the statistics show that people are more likely to sustain their education, to be in better health, both mentally and physically, if they are raised in that environment.That's step number one, and I think it's vitally important.The second step is we all know that in America these days, your ability to have access to health care depends on -- what? -- primarily your job and whether or not you're able to get that insurance at your job.So the first thing we need to take care of is to make sure that in areas where Black folks and Hispanics and others are living, you are encouraging the kind of entrepreneurship that will create jobs in those areas...SMILEY Congressman Keyes, thank you, sir.AMB. KEYES ... to give people that foundation of health care access.SMILEY Governor Huckabee?
 Ray, it's a serious question, it's an important one. I've been in my state and communities and in places experiencing what exactly what you're talking about. Not on a personal basis, but seen individuals that are having to go to a community health center at the last minute, after the disease has already really grown and pronounced itself and they hesitate because they don't have insurance coverage or they don't have the money to be able to do this.This is a real problem. It's real people that are involved in this type of situation.I think the question you have to ask is Which is the best way to go, then?Do you do it with more government or do you do it with more markets?Because these are real people experiencing this. And I pick more markets and real markets with it. Because I have not seen, in this country, ever, when the government enters into something on a bigger basis, do we get higher quality service or more of it?We don't. It doesn't work that way. So I really -- and one thing that hasn't been talked about up here is health savings accounts. We need to expand that so people can save money, tax-exempt, from their work, the employers putting that in so they can have some money for their health care coverage.SMILEY Thank you, Senator Brownback. Congressman Tancredo?
 The important thing, the most important thing to remember about your health care is it's your health care. You have a personal responsibility here, every single person does, to do everything they can to stay healthy.Most of the things that happen to us are lifestyle problems, and, really, I mean, there are things that we do to ourselves that cause us to then have to access the health care industry.We have to first look to ourselves, individually. Again, it's kind of a scary thing again to say, but, you know, individual responsibility does work, also in health care.And, yes, I believe, by the way, in the expansion of health savings accounts because it does put you in the connection -- it's you and you're the consumer and the doctor, and there's nobody in between, and that's good.Also believe, by the way, that you should be able to get your drugs from any place that, in fact, it's cheaper to get drugs. If it's cheaper to get drugs in Canada, get drugs from Canada -- it's OK with me. We shouldn't be blocking that.Again, individual freedom -- expand individual freedom and take some individual responsibility for your own health care.SMILEY Thank you very much.Next question asked by JuanMODERATOR, first answered by Ambassador Alan Keyes.
 Ambassador Keyes, I think you're familiar with the fact that America has a tradition of Black military heroes, going from Crispus Attucks in the Revolutionary War, to the Tuskegee Airmen in World War II, to General Colin Powell.And tonight, Tavis, I'd just like to take a moment to acknowledge one of those heroes who's here with us in the audience. We have with us Vernice Armour. She's the first African American combat pilot in U.S. history -- I should say, first female African American combat pilot. And she served two tours of duty with distinction in Iraq.Today we see a decline in Black and Latino enlistment because of one reason the war in Iraq.What do you say to the one-third of the nation that's minority and overwhelmingly opposed to the continuation of this war, even as the GOP in Congress continues to block attempts to set a deadline to end this war?AMB. KEYES I think the most important thing to remember is that our efforts in Iraq and elsewhere right now that followed in the wake of September 11 aren't an effort to defend Black people, white people, Jewish people, Christian people, et cetera.They're an effort to defend the United States of America from a deep and terrible threat that came against us in disregard of the fundamental -- the fundamental moral principle that is supposed to govern all international affairs, all wars that are conducted by countries, and that is that you do not consciously target innocent human life.My father was a soldier -- fought in Korea and Vietnam and World War II, did not stand in defense of this race or that, but stood in defense of the common principles of moral decency and justice that are derived from that premise that I talked about, that our rights come from God.I don't think it's hard to ask anybody in this country to stand in defense of those principles.My one criticism? I think unfortunately, President G.W. Bush put a lot of emphasis on democracy for people in Iraq, when our real goal is security for people in America.SMILEY Thank you, Ambassador. Governor Huckabee?
 One, I think it's clear what we need to do at this point in time, and I think we need to talk about at this point in time, where we are. We declared war. We voted in Congress to go to war, Republican and Democrats. People can say things weren't right, we shouldn't have done this, shouldn't have done that.We are where we are today. The military, I believe, has done and is doing a superb job. We have had a terrible political answer on the ground in Iraq.A terrible -- yesterday, in the Congress, a bipartisan political solution passed. It was the Biden-Brownback bill -- or, since I'm here, it was the Brownback-Biden bill.It declares a three-state federalized solution to Iraq -- a Kurdish north, a Sunni west, a Shia south, with Baghdad as a federal city; weak federated government; most of the policies devolve down to the local units of government. Because Iraq is less a country than it is three groups of people. We need to recognize that. And we can move forward with that political solution...SMILEY Senator.
 ... and pull our guys back.SMILEY Thank you. Congressman Tancredo?
 What's the constitutional responsibility of the Congress when it comes to war?It is, one, declare it; two, fund it; or three, not fund it. That's it.You know what, when you talk about, Juan, you talk about the number of bills that we have killed because of attempts to, sort of, end this thing?Well, every one of them has inside of them all these provisions about how have to fight the war, how many people can be dispatched at any particular point in time and who they can fight.I will tell you this, that the founders of this country knew very well that -- what would happen to us if we ended up with 535 generals in the Congress of the United States. And that is, you lose wars.You need a commander in chief.And then the Congress has every right -- and you know what? It has every right to be involved in it. It has every right to talk about this and to condemn it if you don't agree with it.But you know what? It ends up with this. If you don't want it, don't fund it. But you cannot micromanage it from the Congress of the United States.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Thank you, Tavis.Vernice, thank you for your two tours in Iraq. And I want to say I've got a son who's done two tours as a Marine in Iraq.He's getting to see a new country in Afghanistan right now. And who knows? You may be there shortly.Thanks for your service to our country.Ladies and gentlemen, we can leave Iraq, and under my leadership, we will leave Iraq in victory. And let me tell you what I would propose.The key to handing off the security apparatus in Iraq, now that we've stood up a free government -- and it is a free government. It's stumbling along, it's inept, but it's a free government. The key to a security handoff is to have a reliable Iraqi army.Right now, we've got 131 battalions in the Iraqi army. We've trained them and we've equipped them, and we are moving them into the battle.And my recommendation to the president, the Joint Chiefs and General Petraeus is to make sure that every one of those 131 battalions gets at least a three- or four-month combat tour in a contentious area. When they are battle-hardened, we can rotate them into the battle zone, rotate our America's heavy forces, Marines and Army, and bring them home.That's the right way to leave Iraq, in victory.SMILEY Congressman Hunter, thank you.We've covered a lot of ground tonight. We're starting to get a little tight on time now, just a few minutes left in this conversation.I would like to then use the moderator's prerogative and privilege to ask you now if we can squeeze a couple more questions in, to cut your answers down to 30 seconds and see if we can't get a couple more questions in right quick.Cynthia Tucker will ask next; answered first, 30 seconds, by Governor Huckabee.TUCKER Governor, does the U.S. have a role to play in ending the genocide in Darfur? And, if so, what should that role be?
 I know this won't be a crowd-pleaser, but I couldn't disagree more with that last answer.We are the greatest nation on the face of the Earth, and we are ones that can stand up. And we need to stand up in the face of second genocide when we had declared years ago in Rwanda Never again.And what is happening? It is happening again. And it's not just the first genocide that's taken place in Sudan, it's the second. And I've been there.We need to do divestiture campaigns here. We need to support the African Union troops there. We shouldn't put our own troops. We don't need to put our own troops.SMILEY Thank you.
 We need to provide food and medicine as well.SMILEY Senator, thank you very much. Congressman Tancredo?
 First trip I ever took -- the very first trip I ever took as a congressman of the United States was to Sudan. I came back, worked two years to pass the Sudan Peace Act.I believe we do have a moral responsibility to act. It is not to send troops, believe me. I do not believe we need boots on the ground in Sudan or in Darfur to deal with this issue.But you know what we could do?We could see whether the United Nations is worth its salt and force them into participating in this issue and getting that -- and in getting that solved.SMILEY Congressman, thank you. Congressman Hunter? HUNTER The outside troops, U.N. and African Union, are not getting the job done because they're garrisoned far away from the villages that get hammered by the Janjaweed.By the time the damage has been done, the troops always get there late.What we probably need to do is get a humanitarian corridor driven up through that vast country, where we have armed convoys, U.N. convoys or African Union convoys to get food and medicine to those people that need it most.And lastly, teach those villages self-defense, because the troops aren't getting there in time.SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES I have to say I'm appalled by the suggestion that we retreat into some kind of fortress America and forget who we are. We are a nation of nations, a people of many peoples. We are in touch with every people on the face of the Earth. If somebody is being hurt somewhere in the world, somebody in America grieves for them.And I don't believe we can turn our backs on that universal significance, that universal mission.I think a lot of suggestions made here in terms of how we get involved are good ones. We don't have to send troops, but we need to support and reinforce the sense of local, regional responsibility...SMILEY Ambassador Keyes...AMB. KEYES ... for both humanitarian and military order in that region.SMILEY Thank you, sir. Ray Suarez for Congressman Paul.SUAREZ Congressman Paul, support has gradually been slipping for the death penalty among all Americans. The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life reports a large minority of whites still support capital punishment, while Blacks and Latinos do not.Now, I know this is mostly a state function, but the president does appoint appellate judges, and of course, the highest appellate judges in the land, the Supreme Court justices, who often review death penalty cases.Do you think the death penalty is carried out justly in the United States? And do you want to see it continued during your presidency?SMILEY Thirty seconds, Congressman.
 We need a culture of life in the United States, a culture that recognizes every life at every stage. It's beautiful, it's unique, it's a child of a loving God, period.I have difficulty with the death penalty. This is an individual, though, in that case, that has committed a heinous crime. I think we should limit the death penalty to cases only where we cannot protect the society from the individual, such as when Osama bin Laden is caught.We need to be able to use it then.But we should use this very limited and only in that circumstance, in order to talk and to teach a culture of life in America.SMILEY Senator Brownback, thank you. Congressman Tancredo?
 It is, in fact, a state issue, almost entirely. The restrictions that we talked about with regard to the federal government and whether or not we should have a death penalty, I will tell you, I would absolutely support the continuation of a death penalty, especially for crimes like treason.I mean, we really have to consider the possibility that there is an appropriate penalty for a crime of that nature. It is the death penalty.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER I think there is a need for the death penalty. And it's called deterrence. And that means that, when that Charles Manson is getting rid to pull the trigger on an innocent American, just maybe the idea passes through his mind that he, himself, is going to lose his life.Now, that might only deter five percent, 10 percent, 15 percent, 20 percent. It does deter some people. And for that reason, the death penalty, dealing with some very rough, very ruthless people, is necessary.SMILEY Ambassador Keyes?AMB. KEYES I support the death penalty. I think it has a basis in universal justice that isn't just about deterrence and all that, it's about respect for life. It's about making sure that we don't send the signal, especially where Black killers are concerned, because we do understand, don't we, that they mostly kill Black folks.And I wouldn't want to send the message that when you kill another Black human being, we somehow don't take that seriously. We'll cheapen the significance of that by not applying the understanding that when you cold-bloodedly and calculatively take another human life, more has (inaudible) you than more than all can take.We can only dispatch you to the ruler of us all so that he may ultimately judge you for your misdeeds.SMILEY Governor Huckabee?
 Certainly.The Supreme Court, gentlemen, recently ruled that even voluntary integration in America's public schools is unconstitutional and illegal. That comes even as two-thirds of Black and Latino students go to schools that are so-called minority majority and disproportionately poor.We all know of a tremendous achievement gap between Black and white students in America.Is the Supreme Court right to say that school integration is no longer key to the promise of equal educational opportunity for all?SMILEY Senator Brownback, you'll start with that?
 I live in the town of Topeka, Kansas. Brown v. Board of Education was decided in my hometown.I believe we still need integration taking place in the schools, and I think it's an important thing. I think we need to do it on a voluntary and incentivized basis as much as we possibly can, but it is important for us to maintain it as a goal and objective of this country.SMILEY Congressman Tancredo?
 I think it's a racist thing to say, to even suggest that the only way that a Black child can learn is sitting next to a white child or any other kind of child.It can happen. We can teach children of all colors and we've proved it. We can do it by giving choice -- choice to parents, choice to pick from a wide array of educational opportunities, and then kids go to those schools. They're all over the country now. There are charter schools and voucher systems. That's what will give that integration -- make it a natural phenomena and it will make kids much, much better in terms of their ability to succeed.SMILEY Congressman Hunter? HUNTER I think the population of the school should depend on the community that you live in.And it should be, in my mind, small schools, and they should be schools that are close enough to mom and dad that you can get them down to the school when the teacher needs them. It shouldn't be based on any forced mandate by government, and I think it will work out a lot better that way.SMILEY Unfortunately, we are out of time. Let's show our appreciation one more time for those candidates tonight -- who showed up here at Morgan State in Baltimore.And our terrific panel of journalists Cynthia, Ray and Juan, we thank you. We thank everyone here at Morgan State, everyone behind the scenes who made this night possible.That's it from here. Good night from Baltimore. Thanks for watching. And, as always, keep the faith.
 Let's get started. We will cover a number of issues tonight, but first a political question about the man who isn't here and will not even announce his candidacy for president until tomorrow. I'm talking, of course, about Senator Fred Thompson.Now, a Thompson ad has just on the Fox News Channel. He will be a guest later tonight with Jay Leno. Polls have him in second or third place, depending on whether you're looking at national polls or some of the early state polls.So the question is, who has made the smart moves here -- (laughter) -- you guys, who are here and who have been out on the trail all this time, or Senator Thompson?Let me start with you. Governor Huckabee, what do you think?
 Congressman Paul, you've been out beating the bushes, looking for votes and getting your ideas out all this time, and look where he stands and look where the rest of you guys stand.What do you think?
 Senator McCain, the guy's a former colleague of yours. How do you feel about the way he's handled it?
 Governor Romney? (laughter, applause.)
 Mr. Mayor, your thoughts?
 All right, thank you, gentlemen. Let's continue the questioning with my colleague, Chris Wallace.Chris.
 Thank you, Brit.Good evening, gentlemen. Let's talk about illegal immigration. Governor Romney, in recent weeks, you have gone after Mayor Giuliani for running what you say was a sanctuary city for illegals. But as governor of Massachusetts, you did nothing to stop Cambridge, Somerville or Orleans, all of which proclaim themselves to be sanctuaries. In fact, you didn't even catch the illegals who were mowing your front lawn. (Laughter.)So the question is -- so the question is, why should we believe that you would be any tougher on illegal immigration than Mayor Giuliani?
 Mayor Giuliani, I want to follow up on what Governor Romney said.In New York City, you allowed illegals to report crimes and to seek medical treatment, you said in the interests of public safety. But in fact, you went a lot further than that as mayor. Back in 1994, you said the following "If you come here and you work hard and you happen to be in an undocumented status, you're one of the people who we want in this city. You're somebody that we want to protect, and we want you to get out from under what is often a life of being a fugitive, which is really unfair."As president, would you continue to protect illegals from what you then called unfair enforcement of our borders?
 Mr. Mayor, time. (Applause.)Senator McCain, when you were backing comprehensive immigration reform this spring, you accused Governor Romney of flip-flopping on this issue. In fact, you said maybe his solution will be to get his small varmint gun and run the Guatemalans off his lawn. (Laughter.)
 Thank you, but I'm not done. I'm not done.
 Is the governor playing politics on immigration? And are you now doing the same thing backing a new plan which would enforce the borders but without any longer a path to citizenship?
 Governor Huckabee, two years ago as governor of Arkansas you said that legislation that was then before the state legislature to crack down on illegal immigration was, quote, "inflammatory and race-baiting." Last year, you said this about opposition to immigration reform that was then in Congress. "If I were to say some of it is driven by shear racism, I think I would be telling you the truth."Governor, why do you feel that some of the people who oppose illegal immigrants who have broken the law, why do you feel some of them are racist?
 Congressman Tancredo, you have made cracking down on illegal immigration the centerpiece of your campaign. Do you think any of the four gentlemen you have heard speak so far tonight are serious about this problem? And do you agree with Governor Huckabee that some of the people who oppose illegals are in fact mean-spirited and racist?
 You know, I listen to my colleagues up here talk about this, and I ask -- and I listen to the questions that are finally being asked about this and the answers that are finally being given on this issue. It happens to be one of the most serious domestic problems that we face in America. And for of course how many months did my colleagues up here stay silent or were on the other side of it?You wonder why people in the United States are cynical about politics and politicians. It could be -- it just could be that when the wind is blowing in one direction, and that is, you know, we're not going to say anything about illegal immigration, we will be silent on the issue. But when it sounds like the people are getting uptight about this and we can make hay out of it, we're all going to be the strongest supporters of secure borders that you ever saw in your life.Well, I'll tell you, I'd like to see more than rhetoric.I wish that I could feel in their hearts that that's exactly where they were going. And it's got nothing to do with disliking people who are coming into this country; it's got everything to do with the rule of law. Does anybody understand that? (Cheers, applause.)
 Congressman Hunter, I have a question for you from one of our viewers. Pat Scott (sp) from Leander, Texas asks, "What are you going to do as the next president to start and complete the border fence from California to Texas?"Now, I know that your idea is to complete 854 miles of fence from California all the way to Texas along our southern border, but top Texas officials now say that doing so would infringe on the property rights of some of the ranchers and farmers in that area, and they also say trying to maintain a fence in open desert would be impractical.So what do you say to those top Texas officials, as well as to Pat Scott (sp)? HUNTER Here's what we tell 'em, Chris It's the law. And you know, I built that border fence in San Diego that -- and it's really two fences. It's a double fence. And incidentally, since this is Fox, it's not that scraggly little fence that they keep showing on CNN with people hopping over it. (Laughter.) If you get over my fence, we sign you up for the Olympics immediately. (Laughter.)Now, that fence is a double fence with a road in between, and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs in San Diego -- coming across the border into San Diego, which was the number one smuggler's corridor in America -- by 90 percent. And that's the reason I wrote the law that extends it 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.It's now the law that that fence be built. The president signed the bill October 26th. They've only done 17.9 miles. As president, I'll complete all 854 miles in six months. That's my commitment. I'm going to build the fence; it's the law. (Applause.)
 Thank you, Chris.Let's go down to Young's Restaurant and see what Carl Cameron is picking up from voters down there.Carl.CAMERON Hi, Brit. Well, they've been serving UNH customers and Granite State voters here at Young's since 1916. And we're going to talk a little bit here to Pam and John Rogers. She is an attorney involved in illegal immigration issues, and he is a law enforcement official that deals with it virtually every day.Lieutenant, give us an idea of what it is you see and then what it is you're worried about.JOHN ROGERS Well, we're overwhelmed in the street. I mean, just the crimes are getting more violent. They're out of control, where you can't communicate with these immigrants.My concern is these illegal immigrants get here. You know, what makes you think that they're going to follow any of these rules put in place? They're not.You can build all the fences you want. If you don't man them, they're going to go over them; they're going to go under them. They're still going to get in here.And what are you going to do with the illegal immigrants that are already here? How are you going to handle that problem? There's millions of them.The opportunities that I've had to deal with the situation, you call INS. They won't even come down and talk to you. They're just understaffed, undermanned. What are you going to do about that?CAMERON So we're going to spin this one back to both John McCain and Rudy Giuliani, and ask them Lieutenant's question How can you not call it amnesty?(Cross talk.)
 Senator McCain --
 Senator McCain, the same question to you. How do you not call the circumstances the officer described as an amnesty?
 Governor Romney --
 Governor Romney, I'm seeing you were itching to get in on this. Let me just -- give me just a quick answer here.
 Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)Senator Brownback, I know you're itching to get in this. You're in the next round.
 I'd like to --
 We'll come to you in a moment. Please bear with us.Wendell Goler has the next round of questions. Wendell?GOLER Gentlemen, I want to talk to you about family values. And Senator Brownback, you're itching for a question. I have one for you.
 Okay. I'd like --GOLER You colleague Senator Larry Craig of Idaho is making it difficult for the Republican Party to claim to be the party of family values. Now, I know that as his friend, you may forgive him. Can you expect voters to do the same? And what do you say to Senator Craig's second thoughts about resigning?
 Well, I'd say, on his second thoughts, he's already pulled that trigger and he's decided what he's going to do. And I think he needs to stick with that.And this is a -- a terrible situation, the factual setting on it. What I think is good about it is that he's taking responsibility in the sense of resigning from office, and I think he ought to stick with it.What I think was also good about it was as far as the Republican Party leadership saying we think we ought to get to the bottom of this; that we shouldn't hide people, we should put it in an ethics process; and that there's a process to do that.But let me back up and to talk about the bigger picture. I think it is important that the party stand for family values. I'm running saying that the lead thing we need to do is rebuild the family in this country, and I think we need to be clear about our efforts and willingness to do that.And if we're going to solve problems of education, crime, what -- what's taking place in some of our areas where we're not getting the growth, we've got to rebuild the family. That's at the core of what we need to do, and we shouldn't walk away from family values for fear that instances like this happen within our party. We should be bolder about standing up for family. (Bell sounds.) Family's important for us, and it's important for America. (Applause.)GOLER Congressman Hunter, another e-mail question for you.Scott Baker (sp) of Boise, Idaho says, "For the sake of the GOP, should Larry Craig resign immediately?" HUNTER Yeah, I think he should, and I think he ought to stick with this -- with the commitment that he made. And you know, that's one thing about our party When our guys have problems like this, they leave -- they leave the Senate or they leave the House. When the Democrats have problems like this, they often make them chairman of -- of their respective committees. (Cheers, applause.)And Wendell, let me be -- let me just give you -- you know, these presidential debates help to define our party.You know, my model is my dad, who left the Marines after World War II, came back, worked for a year as a volunteer for the Republican Party, never asked for a job, never asked for a position, but only wanted to help our country, and asked me every day while he was alive, what'd you do for America today? That's my model of a Republican. (Applause.)GOLER Thank you, Congressman.Governor Romney, your aides say you see ending abortion as a two- step process -- rolling back Roe v. Wade, which would leave it legal in some states and then a constitutional amendment to ban it nationwide. If abortion is murder, how can you live it with being legal in some parts of the country, and for how long can you do so?
 Thank you, Congressman.Let's check in once again down at Young's Restaurant with Carl Cameron. Carl?CAMERON Hiya, Brit.Well, in this country, any discussion of family values now has sort of gone into what constitutes a marriage -- a man and a man, a man and a woman, gay marriage. A lot of conservatives would like to see a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.And we have a chance here to talk to Heidi Turcotte of Dover, state employees -- a state employee, health and human services social worker. What do you think? Should we be banning -- should there be a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage?HEIDI TURCOTTE (Dover, NH) Absolutely not. We're the state of "Live Free or Die," and people should be able to marry the person they love.CAMERON Okay, so let's take that question from Heidi Turcotte -- (cheers, applause) -- and there you hear the reaction from Granite Staters, the "Live Free or Die" state -- and pose this to Sam Brownback.Senator Brownback, should there be a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage? And if so, why?
 The answer to that is yes. And the reason is is this is a foundational institution. (Cheers, applause, boos.)
 It is a foundational institution. (Audience continues to boo.)I understand this is a divided audience on this, and I understand we as a country are struggling with this question, but these issues aren't done in a vacuum. I had a question earlier about family values, and I think this is important for us to rebuild the family structure. In countries that have redefined marriage, where they've said, okay, it's not just a man and a woman, it can be two men, two women, the marriage rates in those countries have plummeted to where you have counties now in Northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock. We don't need more children born out of wedlock; we need more children born into wedlock between a mom and a dad bonded together for life.When you do these vast social experiments -- and that's what this is, when you redefine marriage. It's a vast social experiment. They're not done in isolation. They impact the rest of the culture around you. When you take the sacredness out of marriage, you will drive the marriage rates down. And currently in this country, currently we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock. You can raise a good child in that setting, but we know the best place is between a mom and a dad bonded together for life. (Boos, cheers, applause.)
 Senator, thank you. It is time now for a break, and we will back with more of our debate live from the Whittemore Center Arena on the campus of the University of New Hampshire right after these messages.(Announcements.)(Applause.)
 And we are back at the University of New Hampshire in the Whittemore Center Arena as our Republican presidential debate continues. Wendell resumes the questions. Wendell?GOLER Senator McCain, Mayor Giuliani says his leadership after the 9/11 attacks shows he is the best candidate for national security, and you say nothing he has done shows any real experience in foreign policy or national security affairs. Tell me why, sir.
 Mayor Giuliani, I'd like you first of all to respond to Senator McCain's comments that for all you did in New York on 9/11, it doesn't translate into national security experience. And also, last May, when I asked you why you have never been to Iraq, you said you would like to go by the end of this year. Are you in fact going to make that deadline?
 Wendell?GOLER Governor Romney, you have suggested that U.S. troops in Iraq move to a support phase after the surge, which pretty much has to end in the spring, and a standby phase after that in Kuwait and Qatar. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems even Hillary Clinton is willing to commit troops to Iraq longer than that, sir.
 Do you see that support phase, sir, in 2008?
 Do you see the support phase in 2008?
 Senator McCain.
 Congressman Paul -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- Congressman Paul, your position on the war is pretty simple Get out. What about, though, trying to minimize the bloodbath that would certainly occur if we pull out in a hurry? What about protecting the thousands of Iraqis who have staked their lives in backing the U.S.? And would you leave troops in the region to take out any al Qaeda camps that are developed after we leave?
 So if --(Interrupted by cheers, applause.)
 So, Congressman Paul, and I'd like you to take 30 seconds to answer this, you're basically saying that we should take our marching orders from al Qaeda? If they want us off the Arabian Peninsula, we should leave? (Laughter.)
 Senator Brownback, you want in on this.
 What do you have to say, sir?
 I didn't hear your question, so I'm going to --
 What do you have to say to what you heard?
 Thank you.I think what we need to do now is look at the situation we have and now have a political surge taking place. This is Thomas Friedman's statement, but it is true. You've got the military that has made a number of progressive steps, particularly in the west, Al Anbar province. They've made progress. But we don't have a political solution on the ground that works in Iraq.Iraq is less a country than it is three groups held together by exterior forces. It's the Kurds in the north, the Sunni in the west, the Shi'a in the south, and a mixed city in Baghdad. And yes, there are groups that are mixed around in that. I think we need to recognize that reality.We ought to now push for establishment of a Sunni state in the west, still one country, still one country, but separate states. That's a political solution -- that you can take advantage of what the military has done on the ground. That's what we need to do to move forward now.GOLER Senator, let me ask you, quickly, if you do that kind of loose federation, how do you keep the Kurds in the north from fighting with Turkey, how do you keep the Shi'a from allying with Iran, and how do you keep the Sunnis from rebelling over having no oil resources?
 How do you do it now? I mean, I think you're going to need a long-term U.S. presence in, I think, particularly in the Kurdish region in the north and the Sunni region in the west, that you're going to have a long-term -- invited by those governments, and you're going to need it to assure the Turks that the Kurds aren't going to pull out and to assure the Kurds that the Turks aren't going to come in. I think that's what you have to do in looking at the reality.And the next president needs to come in and know foreign policy and not learn it on the job. This is something we need to know going in. The world is flat. I ought to know that. Being from Kansas, I understand flat. (Laughter.)
 Governor Huckabee, the latest National Intelligence Estimate, which is out recently, says that even if we continue the troop surge -- and we're going to put it up on the screen -- Iraq's security will continue to improve modestly during the next six to 12 months, but levels of insurgent and sectarian violence will remain high, and the Iraqi government will continue to struggle to achieve national-level political reconciliation and improved governance.Governor, if that's the best we can hope for, should we continue the surge?
 Go ahead. You wanted to respond? He just addressed you; you go ahead and respond. (Continued applause.)
 Okay, gentlemen. Gentlemen, thank you. (Cheers, applause.)Wendell? (Booing.)GOLER Congressman Hunter, you've been wanting to weigh in on this. HUNTER Hallelujah. (Laughter.)GOLER Senator Brownback says we need a long-term U.S. presence in Iraq; Congressman Paul says we need to bring the troops home now. Which is it? HUNTER Wendell, I -- first, let's remember that we've got troops -- those 157,000 folks in Iraq, lots of them in Afghanistan are watching us tonight, and let me just tell you what they've done.In Anbar province, we were having 1,350 attacks a month last October. By the blood, sweat and tears of the U.S. Marines out there, we've pulled it down 80 percent. They've pulled down civilian casualties 74 percent. (Applause.) And I -- I shouldn't let this one go, because the Democrats made an entire debate in never complementing what the troops have done. This is how we do it.We've got 129 battalions in the Iraqi army that we're training up. We're training them up, we are getting them into the fight. When those Iraqi battalions are battle-hardened and they start to rotate into the positions on the battlefield, displacing American forces, the American forces can then rotate out, come back to the U.S. or go to other places in Central Command.That's the right way to win; it's called victory. That's how we leave Iraq. (Cheers, applause.)GOLER No matter how long it takes, sir? No matter how long it takes? HUNTER What's that?GOLER No matter how long it takes? HUNTER Well, let me -- let me tell you, right now we've seen an 80 percent depression in the attacks in Anbar province, those tough towns of Fallujah and Ramadi -- which were incidentally the toughest, most difficult towns, where gun battles were being waged daily. We've now knocked that down 80 percent. And my answer is, if you think we're going to be there for a long time, you don't understand the determination of the U.S. Marines and the U.S. Army. (Cheers, applause.) We're going to turn it over.
 Chris.
 Congressman Tancredo, you opposed the troop surge from the start. You advocate pulling forces back from the front lines to strategic positions across the Middle East. Is there anything that General Petraeus could say when he reports to Congress next week that would change your mind?
 Well, I hope and pray that, of course, the surge works. I hope, and in fact I believe, there are indications that certain aspects of it are. I don't doubt that for a moment, and I want to commend General Petraeus and I want to commend every single person serving in the theater.But let me get back to a central point here, and that is why we're there and, in fact, with whom we are at war. The war is not actually in Iraq; the war is with radical Islam. That's who we are at war with -- (applause) -- and we have to understand it. Iraq is a battlefield in that war.And we -- in order for us to be successful there, a number of things are going to have to happen, and I think part -- when we talk about the disengagement, that is exactly what I believe has to happen.We have to disengage as the police force in Iraq but we cannot leave the country. We cannot leave, because this is not a war that will end with our departure. I wish that were the case. Wouldn't that be wonderful if that's all it would take, for us to say we'll withdraw all of our troops and we will never have another thing to worry about?But we were not attacked because we had troops in Saudi Arabia. I don't believe it. We were attacked because radical Islam wants to destroy the United States of America and any part of this world that they do not agree with. (Cheers, applause.)
 Well, it's been a lively round here in the hall. Let's see if that's reflected down at Young's Restaurant, where Carl Cameron is standing by.Carl.CAMERON Hi, Brit. During part of this exchange, I sort of asked our group gathered here what they thought of what was going on. And the consensus was that there was a lot of skirting of the issues and not a great degree of clarity.New Hampshire, in fact, our hosts here at UNH have all had sacrifices. There was a UNH grad, Ben Keating, who was the head of the College Republicans, who gave up his life in Iraq for this mission. And we want to talk now with Mark and Deb Riss. Mr. Riss is a deputy sheriff here in Strafford County, and their son Dan comes back after his second tour in just two weeks.You've heard a great deal about this. Tell us what it is that you are most interested in. And there's a question, I guess, for Mr. Romney about the timing of all this.MARK RISS Yes, what I'm obviously most interested in is how we can bring an endgame to the war in Iraq and yet still do it so that it's a victory for us and a victory for the people of Iraq. And my question is to Governor Romney.And that is, I've heard the other people up there articulate themselves a little bit better. But in your answer, I didn't hear how you would end it. I didn't hear an endgame plan from you and I would like a response on that.And also along those same lines, sir, a comment.I don't think you fully understand how offended my wife and I were and probably the rest of the people who have sons, daughters, husbands and wives serving in the war on terror to compare your son's attempts to get you elected my son's service in Iraq. (Cheers, applause.) I know you apologized a couple days later up there, a firestorm started. But it was wrong, sir, and you never should have said it.
 Governor, let me follow up on one point.
 You again said it looks successful. Senator McCain disagreed with you on that.
 Is it or isn't it?
 Okay.
 Thank you. Thank you -- thank you, Governor.New subject, new round. Wendell.GOLER I want to talk, gentlemen, about presidential power and the war on terror here at home. And Governor Romney, I'll start with you.You have said that the government should wiretap some mosques to keep tabs on Islamic extremists. Would you do this even without a judge's approval, sir?
 Torture -- I mean, we get into this debate all the time, and as the -- as to what exactly is the definition of torture. And I'm telling you that we will -- we need to do -- remember, the question that I was originally asked that elicited the response that you've mentioned was, what do we do in the -- in the response to a nuclear -- or the fact that a nuclear device or some bombs have gone off in the United States; we know that there are -- we have captured people who have information that could lead us to the next one that's going to go off; and it's the big one? That was the question that I responded to.And I told you yes, I would do -- certainly waterboard -- I don't believe that that is, quote, "torture." I would do what is necessary to protect this country. That is the ultimate responsibility of the president of the United States. All of the other things that we do, all of the other things, all of the other powers vested in him are -- pale in comparison to its -- his responsibility to keep these -- the people of this country safe. And that is ultimate.And yes, I would go to great lengths to keep this country safe. (Applause.)GOLER Senator McCain, what do you think about what Congressman Tancredo just said? And more broadly, do you feel President Bush may have overreached his constitutional authority in some actions after the 9/11 attacks, sir?
 No, but I would lean -- (laughter) -- heavily on the vice president for advice and thought because I think it's important that the two people come in as a team. I think the president and the vice president ought to come in as a team. I think they ought to have complementarity. I think they ought to have division of duties in some respects for -- as president says, I really want to focus on these areas. I'd like for you to do these particular fields. But it's still the president that decides, and it's the president that should have all the information feeding there to him in that position of authority. And he needs somebody that has a good broad base of experience to be able to do it, good broad base of foreign policy experience.And if I could say one thought on this presidential power because it's important. We've got hundreds of millions of entries into the United States legally each year of individuals that are U.S. citizens or individuals that are not U.S. citizens. This is a big international country. You have to have the ability to be able to find and to understand what's taking place, and I think the president needs to go through judicial power to be able to put wiretaps on different individuals, but particularly on calls that go overseas. We need this because we're not talking about just a needle in a haystack; we're talking about a needle in a hay field of millions of people that we have to -- need to watch, and we need to find with good intelligence --
 Thank you, Senator.
 -- who it is that seeks to do us harm.
 Thank you very much, Senator.New round, new subject.Chris.
 Gentlemen, let's talk about taxes and spending. As you all well know, pledges not to raise income taxes are a big deal here in New Hampshire. Six of you on this stage -- (interrupted by cheers, applause) -- six of you on this stage have signed the pledge of the Americans for Tax Reform to oppose any increase in marginal tax rates, while two of you have not.Senator McCain, why have you refused to sign? And why do you feel that six of your seven colleagues here on this stage are mistaken in deciding to take that pledge?
 Senator McCain --(Interrupted by cheers, applause.)
 Senator McCain, if I can follow up for 30 seconds, those tax cuts that you talked about that have given us so much revenue, in fact, you voted against those. And why not, if you are determined to not raise taxes, why not sign the pledge?
 Senator Brownback, are you persuaded by Senator McCain's argument against taking the pledge to -- not to increase marginal tax rates?
 Well, he has his -- he has his own record. He stands on his own record. I think he should sign a pledge; that's why I signed the pledge.I think it's not just a pledge to a group that has it; I think it's a pledge to the American public. We're already taxed to the max. In most states, you're working till about the middle of May to pay your taxes. It is too long. You're working too much for the government, and you need to be working more for -- for yourself. And I'd push these topics based on I think we need to grow the economy, plus I'd like to be able to see families keep more of their own money, and so that possibly maybe one of them doesn't have to go to work instead of both having to go to work if more families could keep more of their money instead of it going to the government. (Applause.)
 Mayor Giuliani, you say that you were a big tax cutter in New York, but you did raise fees and fines, and in fact you even went to court to fight elimination of the commuter tax. Why -- and you're the other person in addition to John McCain -- why not take the Americans for Tax Reform pledge not to increase marginal rates, sir?
 Governor Romney, you have taken the pledge. You like to say that you don't just talk about budgets, but in fact you actually had to operate one as governor of Massachusetts. But according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, in your first year as governor you raised fees and fines by half a billion dollars, including fees paid by the blind, by gun owners, by those seeking training against domestic violence and even by used car shoppers. In fact, the Associated Press says you earned a nickname back then in Massachusetts, it was FeFe. (Laughter.)How do you respond, sir?
 Governor Huckabee, you may be the biggest supporter of the fair tax on this stage. You say replace the income tax with a 23 percent national sales tax. Now, back in 2005, President Bush's tax reform commission did a study about the fair tax. They said the sales tax rate would have to be 34 percent, not 23 percent, and that no state, no country has ever put in a 34 percent sales tax. How do you respond to that and also the fact that President Bush's tax commission says that with a fair tax that high, there are only two income groups that would benefit those making less than $30,000 a year and those making more than 200,000 dollars)?
 Congressman Paul, your answer is to cut both taxes and spending. You say that you would eliminate the IRS, the CIA, the Federal Reserve, the Department of Homeland Security, Medicare. (Cheers, applause.) (Laughs.)
 I know that you used to want to end the FBI. I'm not sure whether you still support that idea, sir. No.
 Perhaps you can tell us. But if you get rid of the CIA, let alone the FBI, how would President Paul have any idea, any intelligence of what our enemies, foreign and domestic, are up to?
 Time. Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Cheers, applause.)Let's see what the people down at Young's Restaurant are making of all this. Carl?CAMERON Well, what they're making of it is that we've reached the dessert course of the debate here tonight at Young's. We have a poly-sci major, a senior at UNH here, James Tautkus. So with a bow to the Wildcats, poly-sci major -- go ahead, James, have at it.Q For Rudy Giuliani, I was curious -- the subject of family values is separated from the rest because it's something that you can only lead by example. You can talk all you want, but it doesn't necessarily mean you believe in it. And I just wanted to hear what he -- his comments on that.CAMERON So a question for Rudy Giuliani about family values -- why specifically, James? What's prompting this?Q Because you don't see as strong a family as Mitt might present. I don't mean to target him, but it is a concern of mine and something I certainly believe and a good candidate should have.CAMERON James Tautkus, poly-sci major, UNH.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, sir.We've got -- (cheers, applause) -- we've got to take a quick break here. But when we come back, we're going to ask the candidates to respond to a scenario the next president might very well face. Stay tuned.(Announcements.)
 And we are back from the University of New Hampshire at the Whittemore Center Arena known to all here in Durham as the Whitt.This round of questions is going to be based on a scenario which we think is quite plausible that any of you as president might well end up facing. It concerns Iran, and these are the circumstances.Its nuclear program has continued to advance. U.N. weapons inspectors have -- are now saying that it appears that Iran is on the verge of being able to produce and may even be producing nuclear weapons. Iran has suspended its cooperation with the U.N. nuclear agency and asked the inspectors to leave the country. Cross-border incidents in Iraq involving elements of the Revolutionary Guard that continue to increase and are a continuing problem for U.S. forces there and for the Iraqis as well. The U.N. Security Council has imposed some economic sanctions on Iran, but has refused to authorize the use of force against that country. In addition, the threats by Iran's leader against Israel have become more pronounced and more extreme.What do you do?Congressman Paul.
 What do you do? So what do you do? (Applause.)
 Congressman --
 Thank you, Congressman.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, sir. Thank you. (Cheers, applause.)Congressman Tancredo, let us add to this mix of circumstances --
 I'm sorry?
 Let's add to this mix of circumstances a statement from Israel that says that we can't wait; if you don't act, we're going to.What do you do?
 Well, the scenario you have laid out is not one of course that leaves you many options, leaves the president of the United States of anybody else many options. You have to actually look at -- the use, I think -- one of the most important things we can do with Iran is to look at the Iranian people themselves to the extent that we can. There are -- there is a great deal of dissent inside Iran, and I agree. We certainly don't immediately, you know, use the button. We immediately don't go to war.But I also tell you that we cannot back way from the situation, and we cannot be threatened in that way. If it takes it, if it takes it, action must be -- I mean, if it's required, action has to be taken, and a president has to do that. We can no longer -- I -- I -- you know, one of the things that has really bothered me during this whole discussion is the fact that we are -- we continue to be politically correct when we face these situations.Political correctness is going to get us all killed. (Applause.) It is absolutely the thing we have to fear. And just this -- and if I could for just a minute, listen. It is already the thing that has gotten us killed in other places. We will -- I will never however go to war, under any circumstances, by putting men and women of the armed forces in places of danger with their hands tied behind them with rules of engagement that they cannot live by.
 Thank you. Thank you, sir.
 That's never going to happen. (Cheers, applause.)
 Thank you.Congressman Hunter. HUNTER Yeah, well I hate to answer a hypothetical, and I think you don't want a president who's going to answer this question in 60 seconds, but here's a few considerations.First, you have the need to use precision systems, precision, very accurate weapons, some of them with earth-penetrating capability. You need to be able to isolate, if you have to strike. And if you get close to a 90 percent refinement of weapons-grade fuel, uranium, at that point, the danger is if you don't eliminate it then it could be passed to a terrorist group or to another nation, which at some point might make a nuclear device.So you have to isolate -- the reaction force would be coming obviously from the Iraqi side, and you would look probably at the pattern of what the Israelis did with the Osirak reactor that Saddam Hussein built back in the 1980s, when eight F-16s came over the horizon and took care of that problem. I would say this You can't allow them to have a nuclear device. You would have to obviously work very closely with all allies -- not just the Israelis, but hopefully have help from Europe -- (bell rings) -- help from the Brits, help from the Aussies. And my answer would be that you would have to ensure that they had no nuclear device in the end of the operation --
 Thank you. HUNTER -- and had no material, no weapons-grade material at the end.
 Governor Huckabee, your thoughts on this. HUNTER And that would ultimately require some ground forces to do a battle-damage assessment after a strike.
 Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. (Applause.)Governor?
 Wait a minute. Would you not acknowledge it's not an unrealistic scenario based on what we've seen, though?
 Senator Brownback? (Applause.)
 I think the -- the problem with your question and scenario is it's a -- an all too likely scenario. What you're describing is much of the situation that we're facing today.And you have to also recognize that the founder of the current Iranian regime, Ayatollah Khomeini, said, "If we destroy Israel, Allah will reward us." That was his stated policy. That's something that he stated.I think you have to take the factual setting of what you've put forward, take it to the American public and to the Congress, and ask for the authority to use military force for two purposes number-one purpose is to go after the military forces being developed on the ground and trained on the ground in Iran to attack our people in Iraq; and number two, towards the nuclear weapons development program that the Iranians are working on.
 Mayor Giuliani?
 Right. Thank you.
 Governor Romney, your thoughts. (Cheers, applause.)
 What if they don't?
 All right. Senator McCain, you have the last word here, sir.
 Thank you, Senator McCain, and thank all of you. That is it for us tonight. (Continued applause.) And our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, to our debate partner, the Republican Party of New Hampshire, and also to all the great people here at the University of New Hampshire. (Applause.)Candidates, please note our next debate is in Orlando, Florida, Sunday, October 21st. We will see you there. (Cheers, applause.)MODERATORS George Stephanopoulos (ABC-News)David Yepsen (Des Moines Register)
 Our goal today is to get a real debate going among all of you, to find out where you stand on the issues, but also to figure out the real differences that separate you. And in that spirit, here in Iowa you've already been going at each other, somewhat beneath the radar screen, on the issue of abortion.Senator Brownback, your campaign has been making phone calls to Iowa voters about Mitt Romney, and I want to show it for our viewers. It's called an urgent action alert.
 Mitt Romney is telling Iowans that he is firmly pro-life. Nothing could be further from the truth. As late as 2005, Mitt Romney pledged to support and uphold pro-abortion policies and pass taxpayer funding of abortions in Massachusetts.His wife, Ann, has contributed money to Planned Parenthood. Mitt told the National Abortion Rights Action League that, "You need someone like me in Washington."
 Senator Brownback, do you stand by that attack?
 I certainly do. There's one word that describes that ad, and it's "truthful." That's a truthful ad. And that's what campaigns are about, too, George, is for as far as getting the truth out, expressing the differences between candidates.These are good people that are up on this stage.That's a truthful ad. I am pro-life.I think this is a core issue for our party. I think it's a big issue for our country. I'm pro-life and I'm whole life. I think that all life at all stages is sacred and it's beautiful. I think it's something we ought to fight for, it's what this party has stood for, it's what we should stand for.
 Governor Romney, everything in that ad true?
 What's wrong with it?
 But before we move on, you said it's not true. We have it up on the screen. What is untrue?
 But are any of the specificany of the specific charges there untrue?
 George, if I could, there'syou can go up on YouTube and see the governor himself and speaking himself...
 ... about where he is on this position, and in 1994 say, "I'm governor..."(CROSSTALK)
 And it is a truthful position. Every piece of that is truthful. You can got to YouTube and look for the governor, what he says himself.
 Governor RomneyGovernor Romney...
 Governor Romney, you've also been drawing...
 You have also been drawing contrasts with Mayor Giuliani during this campaign. I want to show our viewers something you said about Mayor Giuliani on the Christian Broadcasting Network this spring.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
 Do you stand by that? And what is it that you fear a President Giuliani would do on those issues?
 In March.
 Was that accurate what Governor Romney said?
 Governor Thompson, let me bring you in here, because Michael Gerson, President Bush's former speechwriter, now a columnist for The Washington Post, wrote a column about Mayor Giuliani a few weeks ago, where he said one of the consequencesbecause of the mayor's pro-life positionof a Giuliani victory would be to place the Republican nominee in direct conflict with the Roman Catholic Church.How big a problem is that?
 You bring up an important point, and let me bring this to Senator McCain. Because some people have made the argument...
 ... some people have made the argument that in this election especially, that Mayor Giuliani would be absolutely the strongest candidate, in part because of his pro-choice positions, but even more than that, in the general election, the most important issue is going to be national security, and an issue like abortion should be de-emphasized.Do you agree with that?
 You have also addressed the issue of Iraq, probably more as much as, if not more than any other candidate.
 And I want to turn to that as well. Because we did a poll of Iowa voters, as you saw. And we asked the voters there for questions.We got more questions on Iraq and the war than any other single subject. Here was one of them.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION Hi. I'm Jill Husker (ph) from Grinnell, Iowa. My question is, if you were president, what would be your strategy for ending the war in Iraq?(END VIDEO CLIP)
 Congressman Paul, what would it be?
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER Yes, George, I've been here before. I was here when we stood up to the Russians in Central Europe when they were ringing our allies with SS-20 missiles. We stood up them and we finally brought that wall down.I was here when we did Central America, when the liberals were raging that we had to get out of Salvador. Today, Salvadoran troops are standing side-by-side with Americans in Iraq.And let me tell you something I'm tired of. I watched the Democrat debate. I watched them say, as my colleague has said, "Just bring them home. Come home." And it was a race to see who could stampede for the exit the quickest.And you know something? The Marines in Anbar province, which is almost half of Iraq, have turned that situation around. They brought the communities there on our side, fighting back against Al Qaida. Not a single Democrat...Not a single Democrat candidate paused in their rush for the exit to say to our Marines, "Good job. You guys are fighting and achieving, with blood, sweat and tears, what this country needs." We've got our best military leadership in Iraq right now. We are standing up the Iraq military, the 129 battalions. When they are stood up, when they're reliable, battle-ready, they rotate onto the battlefield, they displace American heavy combat forces. That's the right way to leave, not a stampede for the exit.
 Congressman Hunter, thank you.So we've got the poles of this debate Governor Huckabee...I'll come back to you in a second.We've got the poles of this debate. Congressman Paul says, "Come home." Congressman Hunter says, "We've got to stay." Is there a middle ground in this debate?
 George? George?
 I'm going to bring everyone in on this.Senator Brownback, go ahead.
 There's another piece to this as well. And that is, is that you've got the military performing, I think, very well, doing an outstanding job, but the political situation continues to deteriorate on the ground in Iraq. You've got the Iraqi politicians not even meeting now. You've got a weak leadership that's taking place there.I think the key missing element here is political resolve on the ground. We need a political surge, like Thomas Friedman has written about. We need to put a three-state solution in place, like was in Iraq prior to World War I, where you have a north that's Kurdish, which is right now; a west that's Sunni, which is right now; and a Shia south, with Baghdad as the federal city.A weak, soft partition that's the piece missing...(CROSSTALK)
 And that isthat is your plan.
 Let me bring Senator McCain in on this. Senator Brownback Senator McCain, Senator Brownback talked about the lack of political progress.It's actually written into the law right now benchmarks that the Iraqi government has to meet. It is also very, very clear that they are not going to meet those benchmarks by the time General Petraeus reports in September.If they fail to meet these benchmarks which are written into the law, will you still continue to support the surge?
 Mayor Giuliani...
 Mayor Giuliani, is there any difference...Is there any difference between you and Senator McCain on this issue? Would you also continue to...
 But that's militarythat's military progress. No political progress. You'd continue to support the surge even if there's no political progress.
 Governor Romney, are you, Mayor Giuliani and Senator McCain all in the same place right now on Iraq?
 We're going to get to that. We're going to get to that in a little bit.
 I'm looking at you right now. Do you differ at all from Mayor Giuliani, Governor Romney or Senator McCain? Then Senator Thompson and Ron Paul get the last word on this round. Go ahead, Congressman Tancredo.
 There are a number of things, of course, with regard to Iraq that I think we have found some common ground on, but the reality is this that it is absolutely true I think that we are in a war with radical Islam. That is the war. A battle is being fought in Iraq. Now, can we win the military battle on the ground? Yes, we can. Our guys are the best in the world, and the people that are serving there cannot be faulted in any way. One of the things, however, that I must say I am concerned about are the rules of engagement, that apparently are restricting the ability of our people to do their job and to protect themselves. No one should ever go into harm's way, no president should ever send anyone in this military into harm's way and keep one arm tied behind them. These rules of engagement have got to be reviewed, and no president should ever pursue them in this wan, or let people go into battle and be actually at risk.
 I unveiled a statue for a guy by the name of Danny Dietz in my district, a Navy SEAL. Danny Dietz is dead because the rules of engagement did not allow them to do what they needed to do over there. That is unacceptable. In the broader picture, of course, you are absolutely right. We have to do something about the fact that there is no political or economic solution being developed by the Iraqis. And you have to push them into it. America cannot be the police force in Iraq. It cannot remove itself entirely from Iraq, but Iraq has got to take control of Iraq.
 Governor Thompson, and then Congressman Paul, you get the last word.
 Congressman Paul, you get the last word on this round.
 Senator McCain?
 I want to move on now to domestic issues. Health care, one of the number-one domestic issues we heard about in our poll. You hear about it every day out on the campaign trail. This week, the Senate debating whether or not to expand health insurance to children in the United States. And for this, I'm want to turn to the question from David Yepsen.
 Governor Huckabee, Senator Grassley helped fashion a compromise plan to cover 3.2 million more children by raising the cigarette taxpoor children. President Bush has threatened to veto. Who do you side with, President Bush or Senator Grassley?
 Governor Thompson, same question to you. Who do you side with in that dispute, the president or Iowa's senior senator?
 Congressman Tancredo...
 Congressman Tancredo, how do you cover this (ph)?
 Let me suggestlet me suggest we think about something in the area of health care that perhaps is unique, different and scary to some people, but that is this The governmentit's not the responsibility of the federal government to provide womb-to-tomb health care for America. And so, we constantly debate on exactly what way we want to push government control of this issue, but in every way we're doing it, it's unhealthy. It is unhealthy to have a government health-care plan in America. There are some things we can do, absolutely. The expansion of health savings accounts that increases individual responsibly. The allowing for people to actually takethe reimportation of prescription drugs. And not only that, but let's do something about the 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens in this country that are taking a large part of our health-care dollars.
 Gentlemen, I want to give this back to David Yepsen in a second, but I just want to clear something up first. Congressman Tancredo, I know you voted against the expansion of the children's health insurance this week.
 You bet I did.
 This is just yes or no, GovernorLOSER Are you for the expansion or with President Bush on the veto?
 OK, so that's a no. And the same thing for you, Governor Huckabee.
 Now, I also...
 Now, again, I also know that, Congressman Paul and Congressman Hunter and Senator Brownback and Senator McCain, you all voted against expansion, as well. So the only two gentlemen left here are Governor Romney and Mayor Giuliani. Are either one of you for the expansion of children's health insurance, as outlined by Senator Grassley?
 So you're against...
 OK.
 I control it.
 But a no on the Grassley bill. Mayor Giuliani, go ahead.
 But just for the record, everyone is against the expansion as Grassley outlined. Go ahead.
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER Yeah. Let's get back to freedom. One thing you can't do right now, if you're an American who has a health insurance plan is you can't buy health insurance across state lines. Now, we've seen studies that have shown that the same coverage that costs 750 bucks a month in Massachusetts, you can buy in Missouri for 170 bucks a month.HUNTER But you can't buy your health insurance across state lines like Americans buy lots of stuff across state lines. George, you know, I had a senior citizen come into my office one day. She had a $10 wrist brace on. And she said, "I was told not to complain about this, because government is paying for it." She gave me the bill. It was $525. Thatyou're going to see a lot of $525 wrist braces if we passif we continue to pass this SCHIP which really is the first extension of socialized medicine. This is socialized medicine. It's going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.
 Senator Brownback, the bill would raise tobacco tax, as you know. How do we pay for health care in this country without raising some additional revenues?
 Well, that's why I voted against the bill. But it wasn't just that. The piece of it that I think you have to recognize is that you've got a fundamental decision to make here on health care, which is 16 percent of the economy, going north fast, probably headed to 20 percent of our total economy. Do you think the solution to providing more and better health care is, one, that we should have more government solutions involved, or should there be more market-based solutions involved? And I think clearly the answer here is you need more market forces in health care. That's what we need to do. Instead, you've got the Democrats doing a step-by-step march toward a socialized one government-pay system. And they're very happy to do it that way. But we can get better health care going this way. And we can hold the price of it down and not bust the federal treasury at the same time. We can get (inaudible).
 Well, we didn't get a debate among all of you, but maybe we'll get one with Senator Grassley later, after the debate. (LOSER) Maybe he won't endorse anybody after this.
 After this, that's right. I want to move on to something...
 Excuse me, Governor Thompson, I want to move on now to something that Governor Romney brought up just a little while ago, and that was the comments earlier this week of Senator Obama, where he talked about going into Pakistan even if President Musharraf didn't agree. Here's what he said. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BARACK OBAMA, D-ILL. It was a terrible mistake to fail to act when we had a chance to take out an Al Qaida leadership meeting in 2005. If we have actionable intelligence about high-value terrorist targets, and President Musharraf will not act, we will. (END VIDEO CLIP)
 Governor Romney, you said you didn't agree with Obama's plan and you called it "ill-timed and ill-considered." Mayor Giuliani, on "Charlie Rose" the other night, you said, "I would take that option." Why don't you guys take two minutes and debate this issue out?
 But if he said no, you'd go in.
 No, well, you actually said, "I would take that option."
 No, you said, "If we have a chance to catch bin Laden and we've got to do it ourselves because we're not sure if somebody is going to do it correctly, yeah, I think I would take that option."
 Governor Romney?
 But if your CIA director called them and said, "We had Osama bin Laden in our sights, Musharraf says no," what do you do?(CROSSTALK)
 So what I am hearing is from both you is...
 ... what I'm hearing is you keep this option on the table, but it is foolish to talk about it in public. Does anybody disagree with that?HUNTER Yes, I disagree with it.(CROSSTALK)HUNTER George, let me tell you, Barack Obama didn't understand, there are now 100,000 Pakistani troops who have been moved to the border. They have moved two divisions to the border, in fact, one of them out of the high country on the Indian border. You right now have operations that are being taken in cooperation with American forces in Afghanistan. The last thing you do when you are trying to convince your allies all over the world to work with you is when you have one country which has taken 100,000 military personnel and moved them into that placeand we all know what the problem is. The problem is that you have the tribal chiefs in that strip in Pakistan accommodating the Taliban and Al Qaida. When you have a country which is cooperating, you don't tell them you are going to unilaterally move against them, or you are somehow going to undertake this by yourself.HUNTER Those mountain ranges in Pakistan are 16,000 feet high. We need the Pakistani army to work that with American support. That's the right way.
 I want to stay on this subject. I want to stay on this subject but broaden out the conversation a little bit. And the way I want to get into it is with a bit from President Bush's second inaugural address, where he made the spreading of democracy the core of his foreign policy. Here's what he said (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH So it is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture, with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world. (END VIDEO CLIP)
 Governor Huckabee, since then, since that speech, there have been free elections in Gaza; they elected Hamas. There have been free elections in Lebanon; they empowered Hezbollah. There have been free elections in Iran; they elected President Ahmadinejad. Has President Bush's policy been a success? And would the spread of democracy be the core of your foreign policy?
 So it wouldn't be the core of your foreign policy?
 Congressman Paul?
 Mayor Giuliani, both Governor Huckabee... ... both Governor Huckabee and Congressman Paul said they would not continue President Bush's policy. Would you?
 Well, that was the way President Bush defined it...
 ... not me, but go ahead.
 So did we push for elections too quickly in Gaza?
 But, Senator McCain, would you follow what Mayor Giuliani is sayingmaybe go a little bit slower on elections, not put the spread of elections quite at the core of your foreign policy?
 Governor Romney, will the Bush policy be your policy?
 But did President Bush fail to appreciate the nuance you're talking about now? That's what I'm asking.
 Congressman Tancredo, your answer on this this week was...You said that, in order to deter an attack by Islamic terrorists using nuclear weapons, you would threaten to bomb Mecca and Medina. The State Department called that "reprehensible" and "absolutely crazy."
 Yes, the State Departmentboy, when they start complaining about things I say, I feel a lot better about the things I say, I'll tell you right now.My task as president of the United States is primarily to do one thingby the way, not to make sure everybody has health care or everybody's child is educatedmy task is to do one thing to protect and defend this country. And that means to deterand I want to underline "deter"any kind of aggression, especially the type we are threatened with by Al Qaida, which is nuclear attack. I read the national intelligence estimate. I see what they are planning. And I'm telling you right now that anybody that would suggest that we should take anything like this off the table in order to deter that kind of event in the United States isn't fit to be president of the United States.
 Governor Thompson, you get the last word on this round. PAUL (?) No, I needI haven't spoken on...
 After we take a hit?
 Senator Brownback, then we're out of this.
 Thank you. George, I think you're seeing clearly from the discussion here and this week that words of a president matter. When Ronald Reagan says, "Mr. Gorbachev, bring down this wall," that mattered. When he called the Soviet Union an evil empire, that mattered. Words of our leader matter, and you have to matter within the context of where we are. We are in a generational conflict with militant Islamists. That's where we are. We are at war. We're a nation at war. I think we have to be very realistic about this war. We have a number of allies in the Islamic world. We have a number of allies around the world. It is something important what we say and the direction we go. I think we push democracy, but I think we have to be realistic in the places that we push and at the time we push it. You push democracy in Pakistan or Egypt right now, you're going to get a radicalized government in Pakistan, a radicalized government in Egypt and you're going to have a nuclear-weaponed, radical government in Pakistan.
 OK, that wraps up discussion.
 That's why we have to be realistic...
 Thank you very much, but I do want to move on to another issue that was in...... that was in the news this week. Of course, the collapse of that bridge up in Minneapolis on 35 West, brought a lot of attention to our nation's infrastructure. And with that, let me turn back to David Yepsen.
 Governor Huckabee, is it time we raise the federal gas tax to start fixing up our nation's bridges and roads?
 Mayor Giuliani, how do you answerin Minnesota, Governor Pawlenty, who vetoed an increase in his state gas tax said now he may consider one. Is this Republican dogma against taxes now precluding the ability of you and your party to come up with the revenues that the country needs to fix its bridges?
 Then what are you going to cut, sir?
 What do you cut?
 Governor Romney, do you want to cut taxes to fix more bridges?
 Senator McCain, you have about 30 seconds.
 Senator McCain, you got 10 seconds.
 And that is the last word. We're going to go to commercial. We'll be back in just a couple of minutes. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And we are back now for the final half hour of the Republican debate here in Iowa.
 And we want to start out this half hour with a question that came in over the Internet. His name is Sean Kennedy (ph). He's from Leesburg, Virginia. And he had a question about Vice President Cheney. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEAN KENNEDY (ph) During the Bush administration, there's been a growing controversy over the role of the office of the vice president. As a candidate for president, what authority would you delegate to the office of vice president? And should those authorities be more clearly defined through a constitutional amendment? (END VIDEO CLIP)
 Senator McCain?
 So not as wide-ranging as Vice President Cheney had?
 Governor Thompson, you served in the Cabinet with Vice President Cheney. Do youand I heard in the implication in Senator McCain's answer theredo you think that Vice President Cheney has too much power?
 That's not what I said either, but go ahead.
 But you're not with Senator Grassley. And I want to move on and stay on this subject.
 OK. I just want to stay on this subject. Mayor Giuliani?
 But would you like to have...
 ... a vice president like Vice President Cheney, with that wide range of responsibility (ph)?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney?
 What would you decide?
 Senator Brownback?
 George, I wouldn't delegate things to the vice president. But I would involve the vice president in a lot of things. But I think there's a key point here to look at. One is that Dick Cheney came in with a lot of experience. He came in with a lot of experience on defense, foreign policy issues. And I think the president over-relied on that. I think Dick Cheney has done an admirable job. I think the president's over-relied upon that. I think you need somebody coming into the presidency that's had foreign policy experience, that's worked on these national and global issues, so that they don't have to depend on the vice president as much. I think you should have a highly competent person as vice president that can step in at any time and can provide you high-quality information, reflection, wisdom that's needed in that job, but not somebody that takes over the job.
 Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Hunter, you get the last word on this.HUNTER George, it depends on the credentials of the president. I served in Vietnamdidn't do anything special, but I wore the uniform. I've been the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years. And my son has now done two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. I can look the American people in the eye and say, "We're all in this together." So I would not share the role of commander in chief with a vice president. If you've got other folks that have less background in national security, they're going to need to have a vice president that they rely on much more.
 I need to move on now, and the issue is taxes, always important in these caucuses and primaries. And the Iowa Republican Party has said the most important economic reform Congress can enact to win the fight against poverty is the fair tax. For our viewers, I want to explain what the fair tax is. It would eliminate the income tax, estate tax, payroll tax and capital gains tax. It would eliminate all those and replace it with a 23 percent sales tax. That's the fair tax. Mr. Yepsen has a question.
 Governor Huckabee, this issue of tax policy, I see it as a real fault line inside your partyfair tax, national sales tax, a flat tax, or make adjustments to the existing tax system.
 Where do you come down on this question?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney, how do you come down on this question?
 Mayor Giuliani, which one of the three options would you... A national sales tax...
 Governor Huckabee and then...
 But you're not for the fair tax now, correct?
 Senator McCain, how do you come down on this question?
 Congressman Tancredo?
 The reason why we absolutely need to go to something like a fair taxand I am a co-sponsor. And by the way, if you don't understand how it would work, I would suggest to you that you read Neil Boortz's book and John Linder's. It's a perfect explanation of how it works.
 Here'swell, then you should know how it works.
 The fact is thatbut the most important reason, the most important reason to move from an income tax to something like a fair taxto specifically a fair tax, is because an income tax is designed to manipulate behavior.
 George?
 It gives the government the power to manipulate your behavior. "I reward you for the things I want you to do by giving you a tax cut. I penalize you for the things I don't want you to do by raising your taxes." That is too much power for the federal government. It is always going to be an overreach of power.
 I've got to move on. Senator Brownback, you get 30 seconds on this, and then we move on.
 I think we need to move toward an optional flat tax. I think we need to go to flat taxes. And let me just say why here. We've got a problem with the current tax code and we've tried to take it out. And every time you try to take it out, everybody comes to defend it that has something in it. You can put an optional flat tax in the tax code and let people choose. And it will create economic growth. That's why 16 countries have already gone to a flat tax It creates growth. Growth is the key for us in this economy for us to get things moving forward.
 OK, but you're against the fair tax. I want toI've got to move on now. Sorry, Governor, I've got to move on right now. We've got an e-mail question coming in. I'm going to ask every one of you to come in on this for 30 seconds. It comes from Adam Waldren (ph) from Pocatello, Idaho, and it starts like this "I have made several mistakes that have been defining moments in my life because of what I learned or was forced to realize. What is the defining mistake of your life and why?"
 Congressman Hunter?HUNTER Because of what I learned and was forced to realize. Think of a major mistake. Contemplating running as a Democrat in my very first...
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Defining mistake, Mayor. Just one defining mistake.
 OK. I guess that's a pass. Senator McCain?
 Senator Brownback?
 Probably not telling my wife and kids and parents I love them enough and just being more focused, too many times, on me instead of on them and on others is probably the biggest mistake I've made.
 Governor Thompson?
 I have no doubt of what the greatest mistake in my life has been. And that is that it took me probably 30 years before I realized that Jesus Christ is my personal savior.
 Congressman Tancredo, thank you all very much. We have one more... We have one more round. I also want to bring all of you in on this for about 30 seconds each. And I'm going to introduce it by showing everyone something that President Bush said at the Iowa straw poll eight years ago. It was his fundamental promise as president. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BUSH I know this Should I be fortunate enough to become the president of the United States, that when I put my hand on the Bible, I will swear to not only uphold the laws of the land, I will swear to uphold the honor and the dignity of the office to which I have been elected, so help me God. (END VIDEO CLIP)
 Congressman Tancredo, that was the core promise of President Bush's campaign, to restore honor and dignity to the Oval Office. What will you restore to the Oval Office?
 Hopehope in America itself, remembering that we have made a number of mistakes that have turned our friends against us, have encouraged our enemies. I believe thatwith all my heart, that it is going to take a leader committed to the ideas of Western civilization, to the rhetoricalto speaking out about the values of Western civilization. We can no longer afford political correctness. We have to tell people that there is something goodnot just good, but greatabout who we are. That will restore America's faith in itself and the world's faith in America.
 Governor Thompson?
 Senator Brownback, what would you restore to the Oval Office?
 Rebuilding the family. You know, in Washington, D.C., right now, 63 percent of the children are born out of wedlock. Nationwide, the number is 36 percent. You can raise a good child in that setting, but it gets more difficult. The best place is between a mom and a dad bonded together for life. I would stand for life. And I would appoint the next justice I hope would be the voting decision to overturn Roe v. Wade.
 Senator McCain?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Hunter, last word.HUNTER I think restoring what I call economic patriotism. You know, in World War I, World War II and the Cold War, we rode to victory on the arsenal of democracy. That's our great industrial base, our ability to make things in this country, this magnificent manufacturing capability, which right now we're pushing offshore, pushing to China, pushing to India, pushing to Japan.I would stop China from cheating on trade. I would level the playing field. I would bring back that arsenal of democracy that we need, not only for high-paying jobs in this country but also to defend the country.And lastly, when my kid came back from Iraq, he wrote a great letter. And the last part of that letter said, "Families lift this country up. They provide us with fidelity, morality, faith in God, and raising the next generation of Americans."Our work to make sure that we elevate the American family and make a life of opportunity for that next generation of Americans.
 Thank you.Thank you all. It was a great debate.Thanks everyone who was watching back at home.ParticipantsSenator Sam Brownback,former Virginia Gov. James Gilmoreformer New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani,Rep. Duncan Hunter (CA),former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee,Sen. John McCain (AZ),Rep. Ron Paul (TX),former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney,Rep. Tom Tancredo (CO), andformer Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson
 Wolf Blitzer, CNN
 So let's meet the candidates. We've asked for no opening statements. However, I'd like to ask each candidate to - in one short sentence, about five seconds or so, to introduce themselves to the voters of New Hampshire.Let me begin with an example. I'm Wolf Blitzer, and I'm with CNN. (Laughter.) Let's start across the stage, and we'll begin with Tom Tancredo.
 Hi. I'm Tom Tancredo. I'm a member of Congress, have been for 10 years. Thank you for letting me join you here this evening.
 I'm Sam Brownback. I was raised on a farm near Parker, Kansas. My wife, Mary, and I have five children. We live in Topeka. I'm a U.S. senator in my third term.
 Gentlemen, thank you very much for those brief self-introductions. Let's begin our questioning right now, Tom Fahey of the New Hampshire Union Leader with the first question.FAHEY Thanks, Wolf.Governor Romney, I wanted to start by asking you a question on which every American has formed an opinion. We've lost 3,400 troops, civilian casualties are even higher, and the Iraqi government does not appear ready to provide for the security of its own country. Knowing everything you know right now, was it a mistake for us to invade Iraq?
 Governor, thank you, but the question was, knowing what you know right now - not what you knew then, what you know right now - was it a mistake for the United States to invade Iraq?
 Mayor Giuliani, same question to you. Was it - knowing what you know right now, was it a good decision?MAYORLOSER Absolutely the right thing to do. It's unthinkable that you would leave Saddam Hussein in charge of Iraq and be able to fight the war on terror. And the problem is that we see Iraq in a vacuum. Iraq should not be seen in a vacuum. Iraq is part of the overall terrorist war against the United States.The problem the Democrats make is they're in denial. That's why you hear things like you heard in the debate the other night, that, you know, Iran really isn't dangerous; it's 10 years away from nuclear weapons. Iran is not 10 years away from nuclear weapons, and the danger to us is not just missiles, the danger to us is a state like Iran handing nuclear weapons over to terrorists, so it has to be seen in that light, and we have to be successful in Iraq.
 Senator McCain, arguably, going to war is the most important decision a member of the Senate can make.Did you read the National Intelligence Estimate, which included all the caveats, on whether or not there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Brownback, you're also a member of the United States Senate. Did you read that classified National Intelligence Estimate?
 I don't remember that report. I had a number of briefings. And I held a number of committee hearings. At that time, I was chairing the Middle East Subcommittee on Foreign Relations and we held hearings on this topic and what was taking place and what Saddam was doing.But the issue is, is that we've got to put forward now a political plan. And that's something I'm going to introduce tomorrow, a political plan to create a three-state solution in Iraq - a Kurdish state, a Sunni state, a Shi'a state - because Iraq is more three groups held together by exterior forces.
 All right.
 And that's what we've lacked, is a political plan to get us moving forward and success.
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Governor Gilmore, let me go to you. You chaired this commission. Do you think it was appropriate that members of Congress would authorize the president to go to war without reading that National Intelligence Estimate?
 We're going to bring all of you in, but I want to go to Scott Spradling of WMUR for the next question.SPRADLING Thanks, Wolf.Senator McCain, we've just spent a few minutes looking back. I'd ask you to look forward now, if you will.Since June 1st, there have been at least 17 confirmed deaths of American soldiers in Iraq. Approximately, 100 U.S. troops are dying there every month. If our top military commander in Iraq, General Petraeus, reports back to Congress this September that the surge hasn't significantly improved the situation on the ground, what then?
 Senator.
 Senator.
 The question was, if General Petraeus says - (applause) - it's not working so far in September, what do you do then?
 All right. Let me bring in Governor Thompson. Go ahead, same question to you. If General Petraeus says it's not working in September, what should the U.S. do then?
 All right, we've -
 All right.
 Let me bring in Congressman Duncan Hunter.Congressman, if it's not working at that point, how much longer should the United States stay? HUNTER Well, Wolf, you know, I read that NIE report, and I held the briefings before we made the vote to go in. I'd invited everybody, Democrat and Republican, to get the classified information.And this depends - the turnover of the security apparatus depends on one thing - reliable Iraqi forces. You got 129 Iraq battalions; we've trained them up. We've got a lot of them in the fight. Over the next three to four months, we need to get them all in the fight, get them that combat capability. When they're combat- hardened, we rotate them in, we displace American heavy combat forces off that battlefield, and Americans come home.And, Wolf -
 Thank you. HUNTER - I can tell you, as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years, I have the credentials to leave Iraq the right way.
 Congressman Ron Paul, how much longer should the United States stay in Iraq?
 Governor Huckabee, do you have confidence in the government of Iraq, the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, that he's going to do what needs to be done?
 All right. Congressman Tom Tancredo, what do you say?
 I'll tell you this that if it comes to that point in time that you describe, that the surge - is apparent that it is not working - I did not support it. I hope to God it does work. I hope I'm wrong. I hope we pacify Iraq.However, if it is apparent that we cannot, then we have to do and tell the Iraqis the exact same thing that Benjamin Franklin said when he came out of the convention in 1787 and somebody said to him, "Dr. Franklin, what have you given us?" And he said, "A republic, if you can keep it." It is exactly that time and it is exactly that thing that we have to say to the Iraqi government. We have given you this. We bought it with our blood and sweat. It is now up to you to keep it.And I want the Iraqis to be in fact patrolling Baghdad. If they need vehicles, you let them have the vehicles. But I want them patrolling their city and putting their lives at risk.
 Thank you.Well -
 Then we move out.
 Thank you, Congressman.I want to go to the next question. (Applause.) I want to go back to Tom. Tom, go ahead.FAHEY Thanks. Senator Brownback, President Bush has stated that states that sponsor terrorism are no different than terrorists themselves. Yet Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice recently met with Iranian officials to discuss security in Iraq. Iran is a known supporter of Hezbollah, Hamas. Did President Bush make the right call in opening a dialogue with Iran?
 I think he made a right call on saying that about terrorist states, particularly Iran. But I think we have to at times talk with them in different situations, like before we went into Afghanistan, we talked with Iran.It wasn't we were negotiating. We didn't open up formal diplomatic relations, and we shouldn't.Iran is the lead sponsor of terrorism. Ahmadinejad just this past week called for the destruction of Israel, continues to call for attacking of the United States. On Iraq, I think we need to talk with him. I think we have to confront them aggressively for what they are, which is the lead sponsor of terrorism in the world. I think we need to push the sanctions forward more aggressively. I think we need to more equip the labor union movement that's developing inside of Iran; they had a bus driver strike that recently took place. And I think we have to show that purpose and resolve - that we're going to confront these guys, and we're going to stand with our allies like Israel, we're going to stand against them oppressing and pushing us and trying to fund terrorists against us.
 Thank you, Congressman.Congressman Hunter, let me bring -
 Senator, if you don't mind.
 - excuse me - senator.
 That's okay.
 Congressman Hunter, let me bring you back in.Do you agree with Senator Brownback that President Bush made the right decision in opening a direct dialogue with Iran? HUNTER With two conditions, and I think that you do have a dialogue with everybody, whether they're adversaries or friends. The two conditions are number one, they are moving deadly equipment across the border that is killing Americans in Iraq. We have license to utilize anything that we want to use - special operations, intelligence, whatever it takes - to stop that deadly equipment from moving across the border and hitting Americans in Iraq, and we don't give that up with these talks.Secondly, they've got about a thousand centrifuges now working, enriching the materials that can make at some point a nuclear device. The United States reserves the right to preempt, and we may have to preempt that nuclear weapons program. We cannot allow them to have a nuclear device.With those two caveats, talk to your enemies.
 If it came down to a preemptive U.S. strike against Iran's nuclear facility, if necessary would you authorize as president the use of tactical nuclear weapons? HUNTER I would authorize the use of tactical nuclear weapons if there was no other way to preempt those particular centrifuges. When the Osirak reactor that was hit `86, when the six F-18s came over the horizon and knocked that out, they didn't need anything but conventional weapons. Probably it's going to take a little more than that. I don't think it's going to take tactical nukes.
 What do you think, Mayor?Do you think if you were president of the United States and it came down to Iran having a nuclear bomb, which you say is unacceptable, you would authorize the use of tactical nuclear weapons?MAYORLOSER Part of the premise of talking to Iran has to be that they have to know very clearly that it is unacceptable to the United States that they have nuclear power. I think it could be done with conventional weapons, but you can't rule out anything and you shouldn't take any option off the table.And during the debate the other night, the Democrats seemed to be back in the 1990s. They don't seem to have gotten beyond the Cold War. Iran is a threat, a nuclear threat, not just because they can deliver a nuclear warhead with missiles. They're a nuclear threat because they are the biggest state sponsor of terrorism and they can hand nuclear materials to terrorists. And we saw just last week in New York an attempt by Islamic terrorists to attack JFK Airport; three weeks ago, an attempt to attack Fort Dix.
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER These are real problems. This war is not a bumper sticker. This war is a real war.
 Thank you, Mayor. (Applause.)Let me bring Governor Gilmore in. What do you say about the potential use of tactical nuclear weapons if that's what it takes to go deep underground and destroy those Iraqi facilities?
 All right, thank you, Governor.Governor Romney, I want to get you on the record. Do you agree with the mayor, the governor, others here, that the use of tactical nuclear weapons, potentially, would be possible if that were the only way to stop Iran from developing a nuclear bomb?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 All right. Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)All of you are going to have an opportunity to weigh in on all of these questions as well.If you're hearing some sounds out there, it's lightning here in Manchester, New Hampshire. Those are the crackling sounds that you're hearing.Let's go back to Scott.SPRADLING Thanks, Wolf.Congressman Tancredo, let's talk immigration.
 Okay.SPRADLING You opposed the immigration reform compromise calling it, quote, "the worst piece of legislation to come down the pike in a long time." Just this morning, in Manchester, you vowed to oust any senator who supports the bill, including possibly New Hampshire's senior senator, Judd Gregg, who's undecided, and says to your comments that you are part of the "no nothing" wing of the political spectrum. In the meantime, the president says his plan is the "last best chance" for serious immigration reform. He's criticized conservatives for being obstructionists.With that tension at stake, if this becomes law, what are the consequences for the country?
 They are incredible and they are disastrous. And that is exactly why I have said what I've said, and that is why I have consistently tried to impress upon the American public the seriousness of this issue. We're not just talking about the number of jobs that we may be losing, or the number of kids that are in our schools and impacting our school system, or the number of people that are abusing our hospital system and taking advantage of the welfare system in this country - we're not just talking about that. We're talking about something that goes to the very heart of this nation - whether or not we will actually survive as a nation. And here's what I mean by that.What we're doing here in this immigration battle is testing our willingness to actually hold together as a nation or split apart into a lot of Balkanized pieces. We are testing our willingness to actually hold on to something called the English language, something that is the glue that is supposed to hold us together as a nation. We are becoming a bilingual nation, and that is not good. And that is the fearful part of this. It has - the ramifications are much, much more significant than any that we've been discussing so far.And so yes, I have said dramatic things. And yes, I am willing to do what is ever (sic) necessary to try to stop this piece of legislation, and that includes go after any Republican that votes for it, because the Republicans can stop this.
 Thank you. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)Mayor Giuliani, what do you think the consequences for the nation are if this immigration plan proposed by President Bush goes through?MAYORLOSER The problem with this immigration plan is it has no real unifying purpose. It's a typical Washington mess. It's - everybody compromises, four or five compromises, and the compromises leave you with the following conclusion. The litmus test you should have for legislation is, is it going to make things better? And when you look at these compromise, it is quite possible it will make things worse.The organizing purpose should be that our immigration laws should allow us to identify everyone who is in this country that comes here from a foreign country. They should have a tamper-proof ID card. It should be in a database that allows you to figure out who they are, why they're here, make sure they're not illegal immigrants coming here for a bad purpose, and then to be able to throw out the ones who are not in that database. We can do that. Credit card companies -
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER - take care of data that is greater than that.
 Thank you, Mayor.I want to get to Senator McCain in a moment. But first, Governor Romney, Senator McCain has accused you of flip-flopping on this issue, in effect. Yesterday in Miami, he said the following "Pandering for votes on this issue while offering no solution to the problem amounts to doing nothing, and doing nothing is silent amnesty."What do you say to Senator McCain?
 All right.
 All right. (Applause.)Senator or McCain, this is your chance. I'd like you - I'd like you to respond as someone who is the co-author of this legislation.
 Thank you, Senator. Hold on.SEN.//I have a better idea.
 All right. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Okay. Thank you, Senator.
 All right.
 Mayor, go ahead.MAYORLOSER I've read the 400 pages, and this is part of the problem in Washington - they say things and then it's not in the legislation. There are four or five different methods of identification, not one. It does not provide information about who exited the United States. Now tell me how you're going to figure out who's in the United States, if you can't figure out who's left the United States. And finally, it doesn't provide for a uniform database. Many countries have this.The United States doesn't have it.On September 11th, when we tried to figure out who was in this country, it took weeks to figure out who were the right people and who weren't, because there isn't such a database.
 Mayor, thank you.MAYORLOSER And that is a fatal flaw in this legislation, and wishing it away doesn't make it possible.
 Thank you. (Applause.)Governor Romney, what would you do with the 12 million or so illegal immigrants who are right now in this country?
 I want to stay on immigration. Everybody's going to have a chance to weigh in. But let's go back to Tom for another question on immigration.FAHEY Thank you.Congressman Hunter, whether we like it or not, in cities across America, in counties across America, including your district in San Diego, illegal immigrants are doing jobs that American citizens don't want working on farms, in hotels, restaurants. If you have your way and they all leave this country, who's going to fill those jobs? HUNTER Well, first, I disagree with that premise, because when they made the sweep on the Swift plants - those were the meat packaging plants in Iowa - took out some 850 people who were working there illegally several months ago, there were American citizens lined up the next day to get their jobs back at 18 bucks an hour.Now - and let me tell you, this is a disastrous bill. And if John McCain is right in saying that this is a national security issue - and it is, border enforcement - then the Hunter bill, which was signed by the president on the 26th of October, mandating 854 miles of double fence - not that scraggly little fence you show on CNN all the time, Wolf, that people get across so easily - if they get across my fence, we sign them up for the Olympics immediately. (Laughter.) We've got a big fence.But 854 miles of double border fence was mandated to be constructed. Homeland Security has a billion bucks, cash on hand. It's been six months, and they've done 11 miles.So administration has a case of the slows. And I think they slowed the fence down so that they could come out with the amnesty at the same time, put the two together, and the Bush-McCain-Kennedy bill would then be accepted by conservatives and liberals alike.
 Thank you, Congressman. HUNTER It's a bad bill.
 Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)Senator Brownback, what do you say about this notion of a pathway towards citizenship for these 12 million illegal immigrants who are in the country right now? Under what circumstances would you let them begin that path?
 I don't think you create any new paths to citizenship. But I also think you allow them to be able to use paths they would currently qualify for, and to be able to get in the back of the line. And that's part of leadership and getting something resolved.I think - you know, we can go on a lot of slogans here. And I've been around this issue for a while. I was in Congress in 1994, elected then. We did the first immigration bill I was involved in then, in 1996. You know what, that was as enforcement-only bill in 1996, and we had 7 million undocumented in the country then. We're at 12 (million) to 20 million now.The point of saying that - and my colleagues and people up here, everybody is concerned that we get something done and get something right. I think if you do exterior enforcement, border enforcement, you do aggressive interior enforcement, and then you work on a comprehensive solution interior, that's something that a lot of people are going to be upset with, but that can work and move us forward. And it's better than not doing anything.
 Thank you. So you support this pending compromise legislation?
 If we can hold together those things in it, those things have to be in it.
 So with - you're with - you're with Senator McCain?
 If those things are in it.
 What about you, Governor Thompson?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor.Congressman Paul, I want you to weigh in on this as well.I believe - and correct me if I'm wrong - you voted o support that 700-mile fence along the border between the United States and Mexico. Did you?
 What about Canada? Is there a need for a similar fence along the border between the United States and Canada?
 Okay. Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)The other night - Sunday night, I asked the eight Democratic presidential candidates whether or not they thought English should be the official language of the United States. Only one of them said English should be the official language of the United States. If there's someone here who doesn't believe English should be the official language of the United States, please speak up right now.
 I see people raising their hands. But the question was, I'd only like those to speak up who believe that English should not necessarily be the official language of the United States.MAYORLOSER (Inaudible.)
 Is there anyone else who stands with Senator McCain specifically on that question?MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) (I'm not going to give an answer. ?)
 All right. We're going to go back to Scott. HUNTER Wolf, can I speak -
 Go ahead, Scott.(Cross talk.) HUNTER Wolf. (Off mike) -
 Scott, go ahead. HUNTER - in my district. Can I speak up also?
 You'll have an opportunity. Go ahead, Scott.SPRADLING Okay. This question's for Governor Gilmore. Conservative credentials is the topic, sir.You've gotten a lot of mileage out of lumping Misters Giuliani, McCain and Romney together by calling them "Rudy McRomney." Now with former Senator Fred Thompson likely to join you at the next debate, in your opinion is he conservative enough for America, or are we changing the name now to "Rudy McRomneyson"? (Laughter.)
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Thompson, is there a need for another Thompson in this race? (Laughter.)
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.Mayor Giuliani, there was some news here today. A Catholic bishop in Rhode Island said some words about your position on abortion, suggesting that it was similar to Pontius Pilate's personal opposition to Jesus Christ's crucifixion but allowing it to happen anyway.How does that make you feel when you hear words like that from a Catholic bishop?MAYORLOSER Well, you know - well, a Catholic bishop - (off mike) -
 That's the lightning that's having an affect on -MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) Yeah, I know.
 - our system. (Laughter, applause.)(Cross talk.)MAYORLOSER Look, for someone who went to parochial schools all his life, this is a very frightening thing that's happening right now. (Laughter.)But the reality is, I respect, you know, the opinion of Catholic - (off mike) - religious leaders of all kinds. Religion is very important to me, it's a very important part of my life. But ultimately, as a - (off mike) - I've been in public life most of my life and taken oaths of office to enforce the law, I've got to make the decisions that I think are the right ones in a country like ours.And my view on abortion is that it's wrong, but that ultimately government should not be enforcing that decision on a woman. That's - that is my view that I - I consult my religion, I consult my reading of the Constitution, I consult my views of what I think are important in a pluralistic society, and the reality that we have to respect the fact that there are people that are equally as religious, equally as moral that make a different decision about this. And should government put them in jail?
 You made, Governor Romney, this decision on abortion, opposing abortion, relatively recently.Why should conservatives out there, people who oppose abortion believe you?
 Thank you very much, Governor. (Applause.)Let's go back to Tom for the next question.FAHEY Thank you.Governor Huckabee, at a previous debate, you and two of your colleagues indicated that you do not believe in evolution. You're an ordained minister. What do you believe? Is it the story of creation as it is reported in the Bible or described in the Bible?
 Governor, but - but - (applause) - I think the specific question - the specific question is do you believe literally it was done in six days and it occurred 6,000 years ago?
 Senator Brownback, you - (applause) - recently elaborated on your position on this. And I wonder if you'd want to spend 30 seconds and tell our audience out there where you stand on the issue of evolution.
 I'd be happy to. And it's interesting that we're doing this here, at St. Anselm's, who this - that saint had a philosophy of faith seeking reason. And that's the issue that's missing here, if I could highlight that point, is that I believe that we are created in the image of God for a particular purpose. And I believe that with all my heart. And I'm somebody - I've had cancer in the past. I've had a season to really look at this and study it and think about the end of life. And I am fully convinced there's a God of the universe that loves us very much and was involved in the process. How he did it, I don't know.One of the problems we have with our society today is that we put faith and science at odds with each other. They aren't at odds with each other. If they are, check your faith or check your science. And we should have a discussion.
 Thank you.
 And we should engage faith and reason, like Saint Anselm did.
 Thank you.
 That's something we should do.
 Thank you, Senator Brownback. (Applause.)Senator McCain, do you believe creationism should be taught alongside evolution in the nation's schools?
 Thank you, Senator, for that.Governor Romney, there was a recent poll here in New Hampshire. Ten percent said they wouldn't vote for you because you're a Mormon. And last week we saw that picture of that man who refused to shake your hand because you are a Mormon. What would you like to say to the voters out there tonight about your faith, about yourself and about God?
 Thank you, Governor, for that.Congressman Paul, you ran for president once before as a Libertarian. What do you say about this whole issue of church and state and these issues that are coming forward right now?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Congressman.Let's go back to another question from Tom.FAHEY Mayor Giuliani, sea levels around the world are rising. Average temperatures are increasing. A U.N. report written by scientists from 113 countries recently said that climate change is very likely man-made and may affect us for centuries to come.Is science wrong on global warming? And what, if any, steps would you take as president to address the issue of climate change?MAYORLOSER I think we have to accept the view that scientists have that there is global warming and that human operation, human condition, contributes to that. And the fact is that there is a way to deal with it and to address it in a way that we can also accomplish energy independence, which we need as a matter of national security.It's frustrating and really dangerous for us to see money going to our enemies because we have to buy oil from certain countries. We should be supporting all the alternatives. We need a project similar to putting a man on the moon. That project started with Eisenhower. It was carried out by Kennedy and then Johnson and then Nixon. And that was two Democrats and two Republicans working - (audio difficulties) - working in the national interest.
 Thank you, Mayor.I want Governor Romney to weigh in as well. There's a perception, at least among some, that Republicans are - at least the Republican Party - very close to big oil. A lot of Americans are suffering now from the price of gasoline, the high price of gasoline.What do you say to that - the audience out there who believes that there's too much of an alliance, if you will, between the big oil companies and Republicans?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator McCain, do you have a problem at this time with these oil companies making these huge profits?
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Let me bring Congressman Paul back into this conversation. In 2005, President Bush signed an energy bill that provided billions of dollars in tax breaks, subsidies to the oil companies with the goal of boosting domestic production at a time of these record profits.Do you believe these companies need a helping hand from the federal government?
 Governor Gilmore, you agree?
 Thank you, Governor.Scott - let me bring Scott back for the next question.SPRADLING Congressman Paul, a question for you.Most of our closest allies, including Great Britain and Israel, allow gays and lesbians to openly serve in the military. Is it time to end "Don't ask, don't tell" policy and allow gays and lesbians to serve openly in the U.S. military?
 Governor Huckabee, I want you to weigh in as well. (Applause.) Do you believe it's time to allow homosexuals to serve openly in the United States military?
 We're going to come back to that.
 We will. We'll come back to immigration.
 All right.
 You're going to come back - we're going to come back - we're going to come back to immigration.But right now we're talking about allowing gays to serve openly in the military. But you're opposed to that.
 So you wouldn't change - you wouldn't change existing policy.
 You wouldn't change existing policy.
 Mayor Giuliani, recently we've learned that several talented, trained linguists - Arabic speakers, Farsi speakers, Urdu speakers trained by the U.S. government to learn those languages to help us in the war on terrorism - were dismissed from the military because they announced they were gays or lesbians. Is that, in your mind, appropriate?MAYORLOSER This is not the time to deal with disruptive issues like this. Back in 1994 we went through this and it created a tremendous amount of disruption. Colin Powell, I think, was still the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff before he left at the beginning of the Clinton administration. He came to the view that this was a good policy. And I think in time of war, in a time where we're trying to deal with this transition to a new kind of warfare that we have to be fighting - and we haven't gotten all the way there yet, we need a hybrid army, we need to look at nation-building as part of what we have to teach our military - I don't think this would be the right time to raise these issues.
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER And I think we should rely on the judgment of our commanders in a situation like this. They know what's disruptive and what's not. And at a time of war, you don't make fundamental changes like this.
 Thank you, Mayor.Governor Romney, the mayor referred to the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy, which was implemented during the Clinton administration, after Bill Clinton became president.In 1994 you were quoted as saying that you advocated gays being able to serve openly and honestly in our nation's military. The question to you is, do you still feel that way?
 Senator McCain, you've been involved in military matters your - virtually your whole life. What do you say?
 Is there anyone here who believes gays and lesbians should be allowed to serve openly in the United States military? If you do, speak up now. (Silence.)Scott, go ahead with your question.SPRADLING Gentlemen, last night (sic) we asked Democrats, if they were elected, what role - would they use former President Clinton. I'm not going to ask you that. (Laughter.)
 Thank you.SPRADLING But Governor Thompson, I'd like to know, seeing as how you were a member of President Bush's Cabinet as Health and Human Services secretary, how would you use George W. Bush in your administration?
 Senator Brownback, same question to you. If you're elected president, what would you ask your predecessor to do?
 Well, I would talk with him about it first and I would ask him about it. I think he would probably take a position the way his dad did, saying, you know, I think you need to have your time in the limelight, and I'll be willing to help out if you have a tragedy overseas. His father's been excellent - the tsunami that hit Sri Lanka and other places - in helping fundraising. He's been a wonderful ambassador in those sorts of situations. And frankly, I think that's the right role for an ex-president.And I really think in many respects President Clinton has not assumed the right role of an ex-president, where he's injected himself a lot more on policy issues that haven't been appropriate, and he really should defer more to the person that's in the job. There's one person that's president at a time, and that's the way it should be.
 Congressman Tancredo, I see you anxious to weigh in.
 Thank you. Some time ago, 2003 I think it was, I got a call from Karl Rove who told me that because of my criticism of the president, I should never darken the doorstep of the White House. I have been so disappointed in the president in so many ways since his - actually for the last several years, not just the immigration issue, but several other things, including the No Child Left Behind and the massive increase in government that we call prescription drug - Medicare prescription drug, that I'm afraid I would have to tell the president of the United States - I mean as president, I would have to tell George Bush exactly the same thing Karl Rove told me.
 Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)Governor Huckabee, you served, as you reminded us, a long time as a governor, Republican governor, of Arkansas. Your old job is now in Democratic hands. Here in New Hampshire the GOP has suffered some significant losses as well, and the Republicans lost the majority in the House and the Senate, as you well know.Simple question What's happened to the GOP?
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)Congressman Hunter, I want to just - did he raise the issue - he raised the issue of corruption.Do you think it would be appropriate for President Bush to pardon Lewis Scooter Libby, who was sentenced today to 30 months in prison for his role in the CIA leak case? HUNTER You know, I think, Wolf, to make a determination on that, you'd have to look at the transcript. I'll tell you a couple transcripts I have looked it, and that's the agents, Compean and Ramos, who were given 11 and 12 years respectively for stopping a drug dealer bringing 750 pounds of drugs across the border. I've looked at their transcript; I would pardon Compean and Ramos right now.And let me say - (interrupted by applause) - and let me say with respect to what Mike said, we got to bring back the Reagan Democrats to this party because we need the Reagan Democrats, Republican leadership to work, and we're going to have to get a good trade bill that brings jobs back to this country.We're going to have to stop China from cheating on trade. Build the middle class, build jobs, Wolf. That's what strengthens the Republican Party.
 All right. Thank you, Congressman.I just want to do a quick yes or no, and I'm going to go down the rest of the group and let everybody just tell me yes or no, would you pardon Scooter Libby?
 So yes or no, would you pardon him?MAYORLOSER - and he knew a crime wasn't committed. I recommended over a thousand pardons to President Reagan when I was associate attorney general. I would see if it fit the criteria for pardon. I'd wait for the appeal. I think what the judge did today argues more in favor of a pardon -
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER - because this is excessive punishment -
 All right.MAYORLOSER - when you consider - I've prosecuted 5,000 cases -
 I'm trying to get a yes or no. (Laughter.)MAYORLOSER Well, this is a very important issue. This is a very, very important - a man's life is at stake. And the reality is, this is an incomprehensible situation. They knew who the leak was -Say, Wolf, can I explain - (off mike) -MAYORLOSER - and ultimately, there was no underlying crime involved.
 All right.
 So is that a yes?
 Senator?
 Yes. The basic crime here didn't happen.
 All right.
 What they were saying was that the identity of an agent was revealed -
 Governor?
 - but that agent has to be in the field for that to be a crime. That didn't occur.
 Governor?
 Congressman?
 Yes.
 Yes.All right. We heard from all of them. (Applause.)We're ready to take - go into part two of tonight's debate right now where voters from New Hampshire will have an opportunity to ask their questions.We have some work to do here on the stage. While we move some chairs around, move out the podiums, while we do all that - and you'll be able to see it - viewers of WMUR are going to go back to their studios.For the rest of you, I'm going to bring in my colleagues Larry King and Anderson Cooper, part of the best political team on television, to give us a sense of this debate so far. Our debate here will resume in about three minutes.Larry?(Break.)
 Thanks very much, guys.We're now set here for our voters to ask questions, our pool of voters who are either registered Republicans or independents, but they're likely, likely to vote Republican in New Hampshire's first-in- the-nation primary. We brought them together with the help from the New Hampshire Political Library and the New Hampshire Institute of Politics. CNN producers have interviewed all of them.Working with me in this half of the debate is Jennifer Vaughn from our partner WMUR-TV.Jennifer, who has the first question?VAUGHN Thank you, Wolf.And good evening to you all tonight.I have Erin Flanagan with me tonight.Hi, Erin.Q Hi, Jennifer.VAUGHN You live in Bedford, New Hampshire.Q I do.VAUGHN You have a question about the war in Iraq, which is something that is deeply personal to you.Q It is. Unfortunately, my beloved little brother, 1st Lieutenant Michael Joseph Cleary, was killed in action in Taji, Iraq, eight days before he was to return home, on December 20th of 2005. He was the best of the best, and answered the call to serve our country. My family has been devastated by the loss.As a member of an American family who has suffered so greatly at the choices made by the current administration, I desperately would like to know what you, as commander in chief, would do, both in the halls of the American government to bring the parties together, as well as on the desert sands of the Middle East, to bring this conflict to a point at which we can safely bring our troops home.Thank you.VAUGHN Erin, thank you.Congressman Hunter, let's begin with you on that. HUNTER Okay, absolutely. The key to leaving - and incidentally, thank you for his service. And I want to let you know - (interrupted by applause). I want you to know that my son, Duncan, the day after 9/11, joined the Marine Corps; quit his job, did two tours in Iraq. He's in Afghanistan right now.First, I want you to know that it's worth it. (Applause.) What he did was worth it. And if we can achieve a country in Iraq that will not be a state sponsor of terrorism for the next five, to 10 to 20 years; that will be a friend, not an enemy of the United States; that will have a modicum of freedom, that is in the national interest of the United States, just like establishing a free Japan on the other side of the Pacific was in our interest after World War II, just like providing freedom and a protective shield for Salvador in Central America was in our interest.So what I would do and what we need to do right now and we are doing is standing up the Iraqi army. There's 129 battalions of Iraqis that we've trained and equipped. We need to start moving them into the combat zones, where they displace the heavy American combat forces. Then we can pull our forces out, we can bring them home -
 Thank you. HUNTER - or send them wherever Uncle Sam needs them again.
 Thank you. HUNTER That's how we leave Iraq the right way.
 Thank you, Congressman.Senator Brownback, I'd like you to weigh-in.
 If I could, and thank you for your family's service and what your brother did. That's incredible and an incredible gift that he and your family have given us. And I think you identified the right thing. It's not about leaving and it's not about being defeated. It's about getting the situation to a point that we can turn it over to Iraqis and then us pull back from the front of the line.That's why I'm putting forward tomorrow a bill - and this would be about a three-state solution in Iraq - a Kurdish state, a Sunni state, a Shi'a state - with Baghdad as the federal city, in a loose, weak, federated system, oil revenues equally divided, and it's a bipartisan bill. We will have bipartisan support.We've got to pull together here to win over there.
 Senator -
 And we can do this together, but we haven't put yet forward, this administration, a political solution that we can like -
 Thank you.
 - that will be long term and durable.
 Thank you, Senator.
 That's what we've got to do.
 Senator McCain, is that a good idea to divide up Iraq into three separate -
 It's not divided.
 Three states -
 Three states, one country.
 Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)Jennifer, go ahead with your next question.VAUGHN Cynthia Kiernan is here with us tonight.Cynthia, you live in Merrimack, New Hampshire. You can go ahead and stand up. You brought your husband with you.KIERNAN Yes. Michael served in Iraq. And we have a question regarding the government in Iraq. Everyone's talking about "Pull our troops out, pull our troops out." Well, considering they've lived under a dictatorship for the last 30 years or so, what are we going to do to make sure they have a government in place before we do pull our troops out and they're able to help themselves? Otherwise we're just putting them in a position to accept another terrorist leader.VAUGHN Congressman Paul?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)Let me bring Mayor Giuliani in. I don't know if you consider yourself a neocon, but go ahead and respond to what Congressman Paul said.MAYORLOSER (Laughs.) Michael, thank you very much for serving us, and thank your family for their tremendous sacrifice.I'd like to put it in a slightly different context. I believe that your service for us and your brother's sacrifice is one of the reasons we're safe now in the United States. I believe that this terrorist war began way back in the 1970s. They attacked us in 1993 in New York. They attacked us again in 2001 in a horrible way. And I believe that what we're doing in Iraq, if we can get it right, is going to help reduce the risk for this country. And if we get it wrong, it's going to be much, much worse for us.And part of what we have to do, and we haven't done right, is take on that responsibility of nation-building. We created that responsibility for ourselves when we overthrew Saddam Hussein, which we did very effectively. It was one of the greatest military actions in American history overthrowing Saddam Hussein.But we didn't accomplish the second step. People can only embrace democracy when they have an orderly existence, and we have to help province that. We didn't want that role, but it is our role. We have to train our military to do it. We should probably have an Iraq stat program, in which we measure how many people are going to school, how many factories are open, how many people are going to back to work. We had to get into the nitty-gritty of putting an orderly society together in Iraq. It is not too late to do it.And I'd just like to ask the one question I didn't get to ask before. When you said if General Petraeus comes back in September and reports that things aren't going well, what are we going to do? But suppose General Petraeus comes back in September and reports that things are going pretty well. Are we going to report that with the same amount of attention that we report the negative news? (Applause.)
 Jennifer, go ahead.VAUGHN Kysa Crusco is here with us tonight. Hi, Kysa.Q Hi.VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire. You are an attorney.Q I am.VAUGHN Okay. What's your question tonight?Q My question is whether you believe that a conservative platform can also include a conservationist agenda, and if so, how.VAUGHN Governor Gilmore.
 All right. Thank you very much, Governor.Congressman Tancredo, do you believe true conservatives should be doing more to protect the environment?
 Yeah. The - I think that that's absolutely imperative, and I think so because frankly, you've got a conservative model to pick from. I mean, you know, Teddy Roosevelt after all put the stamp on that - the whole issue of conserving the environment, creating the national parks system. There is nothing anti- conservative about doing anything like that.And you know what else you can do in order to foster that, you do it through conservative principles. You make it profitable for people to do exactly that - to put - to make conservation an issue that is - it hurts people in the pocketbook, or they can profit by getting involved in conservation. That's one way the free market really works perfectly. We've seen it happen all over the world.We can see and we will put conservation to work - conservation practices to work in the United States through conservative principles. We have a lock on that.
 Thank you, Congressman.Jennifer, go ahead.VAUGHN Good evening, sir. You are Doug Hall.DOUG HALL Yes.VAUGHN I understand that you're the town moderator for Chichester, New Hampshire.HALL I am.VAUGHN What's your question tonight?HALL I know a business owner in northern New Hampshire who was on vacation in Spain last year for about three weeks. While he was there he had to buy refills for prescription drugs - brand-name drugs. And he discovered in buying those drugs that he could buy his refills there for $600 less than he could by them here in New Hampshire. So since then, he's said he is going to take a trip over to Spain and get his vacation paid for to buy his drugsMy question to you is, why is this? And if you are elected president, is there anything you would do to address it?VAUGHN Mayor Giuliani?MAYORLOSER What I would do is change the whole model that we have for health insurance in this country. The problem with our health insurance is it's government- and employer-dominated. People don't make individual choices. It's your health; you should own your health insurance. We should be giving you a major tax deduction - $15,000 for a family - so you can buy your own health insurance. If you buy health insurance for 8,000 (dollars) or 9,000 (dollars), you'll save five (thousand dollars) or $6,000 in tax-free money. Then we should have a health savings account in which you can put some money aside to pay for your ordinary medical expenses.Health insurance should become like homeowners insurance or like car insurance You don't cover everything in your homeowners policy. If you have a slight accident in your house, if you need to refill your oil with your car, you don't cover that with insurance. But that is covered in many of the insurance policies because they're government dominated and they're employer dominated. What the Democrats suggested on this stage two nights ago was socialized medicine. There's a man in California who said to me, "When we make health insurance free, just wait and see how expensive it will become." And the reality is that we need a free market. We need 100 million Americans making different decisions that will bring down the cost of health insurance, it will bring down the cost of prescription medicines. Free-market principles are the only things that reduce cost and improve quality. Socialized medicine will ruin medicine in the United States. (Applause.)
 Thank you, Mayor.Congressman Hunter, you live on the border, San Diego not far from Mexico. A lot of Americans go to Mexico to buy cheaper prescription drugs. A lot of Americans in this part of the country go to Canada to buy cheaper prescription drugs. What should we here in the United States be doing to bring down the price of prescription drugs? HUNTER And Wolf, the fabulous Grampy (sp), my father-in- law, who lives with us, is one of those people that trots down and goes through the border at Yuma and does that. So lots of Americans do that. But here's what happens. Eighty percent of the new drugs and new inventions that save our lives, that help preserve the lives of the relatives of everyone who's in this particular room right now, 80 percent of those inventions are made in the United States because we have free enterprise, where people can go out, invest, and maybe they drill three dry holes in trying to produce a good drug that will save somebody's life, then maybe they hit the jackpot and they produce something that will save people and help their health. They then recover their money in the United States, and what they have left over in terms of market, they put into the Third World. But Third World countries like Mexico could never provide the amount of money that it takes to make those inventions. Otherwise, they would.Here's what we have to do. we need o be able to buy our health care insurance across state lines, Wolf. Right now the same single policy that can be purchased in Long Beach for $73 costs $334 in New Jersey. The states lock up the insurance industry. They won't let Americans buy across state lines just like they do everything else. If we're able to do that, we're going to bring down the cost of health insurance.
 Thank you, Congressman.Jennifer, let's go back to another question.VAUGHN Also on the topic of health care tonight, this is a question from our WMUR gather.com blogger, who is JoshuaMODERATORon. Joshua asks "Millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the current state of our health care system, and U.S. employers are at a disadvantage due to the high cost of health insurance.But that is covered in many of the insurance policies because they're government dominated and they're employer dominated. What the Democrats suggested on this stage two nights ago was socialized medicine.There's a man in California who said to me, "When we make health insurance free, just wait and see how expensive it will become." And the reality is that we need a free market. We need 100 million Americans making different decisions. It will bring down the cost of health insurance. It will bring down the cost of prescription medicines.Free-market principles are the only things that reduce cost and improve quality. Socialized medicine will ruin medicine in the United States. (Applause.)
 Thank you, Mayor.Congressman Hunter, you live on the border, San Diego, not far from Mexico. A lot of Americans go to Mexico to buy cheaper prescription drugs. A lot of Americans in this part of the country go to Canada to buy cheaper prescription drugs. What should we here in the United States be doing to bring down the price of prescription drugs? HUNTER And Wolf, the fabulous Grampy, my father-in-law, who lives with us, is one of those people that trots down and goes through the border at Yuma and does that. So lots of Americans do that.But here's what happens. Eighty percent of the new drugs and new inventions that save our lives, that help preserve the lives of the relatives of everyone who's in this particular room right now, 80 percent of those inventions are made in the United States because we have free enterprise, where people can go out, invest, and maybe they drill three dry holes in trying to produce a good drug that will save somebody's life, then maybe they hit the jackpot and they produce something that will save people and help their health.They then recover their money in the United States, and what they have left over in terms of market, they put into the Third World. But Third World countries like Mexico could never provide the amount of money that it takes to make those inventions. Otherwise, they would.Here's what we have to do. We need to be able to buy our health care insurance across state lines, Wolf. Right now the same single policy that can be purchased in Long Beach for $73 costs $334 in New Jersey. The states lock up the insurance industry. They won't let Americans buy across state lines just like they do everything else. If we're able to do that, we're going to bring down the cost of health insurance.
 Thank you, Congressman.Jennifer, let's go back to another question.VAUGHN Also on the topic of health care tonight, this is a question from our WMUR.gather.com blogger, who is JoshuaMODERATORon. Joshua asks "Millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the current state of our health care system, and U.S. employers are at a disadvantage due to the high cost of health insurance.What would you do to fix the health care system? And would you support implementing a single-payer system in which the government acts as the insurer in order to save enough money to cover the millions of uninsured and to lower premiums for the rest of the U.S. population?"Governor Thompson, let's have you weigh-in on that.
 Thank you, Governor, very much. (Applause.)Governor Romney, you worked with the Democrats in the state legislature in your home state, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. You worked with Ted Kennedy to come up with a program that provides some - that mandates, in effect, the individual health insurance coverage. Some conservatives say this is simply big government, more liberal involvement in people's lives.What do you say to those conservatives who are critical of the way you handled this issue in Massachusetts?
 (Off mike.) Thank you.
 Thank you. .LOSER I'm the guy who actually tackled this issue. We get all of our citizens insured. We get people that were uninsured with private health insurance. We have to stand up and say the market works. Personal responsibility works.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor. (Applause.)I'm told that's not true.
 Jennifer, go ahead.Actually, Wolf, that's not true.VAUGHN Thank you, Wolf.Next question comes from you, sir. Your name is Max Latona.Q Yes, it is.VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire. What do you do for a living, sir?Q I teach philosophy here at St. Anselm College.VAUGHN What's your question tonight?Q My question is a simple one. In your opinion, what is the most pressing moral issue facing this country today? And if you're elected president, how would you address that issue?VAUGHN Governor Huckabee, you are an ordained minister. What is the most pressing moral issue in this country?
 Thank you, Governor.Mayor Giuliani. Mayor Giuliani. (Applause continuing.)Mayor Giuliani, what is the most pressing moral issue in America today?MAYORLOSER I think the governor is correct. I'd put it maybe in a slightly different way. We have great gifts in this country that come to us from God. We have a country in which we have freedom of religion, freedom of press, freedom for the individual, the right to elect our own officials. And the reality is that in some of the world, much of the world, that doesn't exist.I think the challenge for our generation is going to be, are we able to share those gifts in an appropriate way with the rest of the world? If we can bring along the Middle East, if we can bring along those countries that are presently our enemies and get them to see the values of these ideals, if we have the moral strength to be able to explain it to them in the way Ronald Reagan was able to do with Communism, then we can - we can end up having the peace that we want.And we should not - we should never become pessimistic about this. Remember this is the country that was at war with Vietnam just a short while ago; we're friends now.
 All right.MAYORLOSER This was a country that was at war with Japan, Italy and Germany a generation ago. They're some of our best friends today.
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER We have great resources in this country. And watching the strength of America when we believe in the essential ideals that we have, they're not just American ideals, they come from God. And I think it's our moral obligation to find the right way to share that with the rest of the world.
 Thank you, Mayor. (Applause.)Congressman Paul, what's the most pressing moral issue in the United States right now?
 Thank you, Congressman.Wolf, that's not right.
 Senator Brownback really wants to weigh in as well.
 Thank you, and thank you for the question from a philosopher.I think it's a life issue clearly, and I am pro-life and I'm whole life. And one of the things I'm the most, the proudest about our party about is that we've stood for life. We've been a party that has stood for a culture of life, and it was in our platform in 1980 and it continues today.And with that respect - and I have respect for my other colleagues - that's why I don't think we can nominate somebody that's not pro-life in this party because it is at our core. We believe that every life is beautiful, is sacred, is a child of a loving God, from natural - from conception to natural death, and that applies not only here and in the womb, it applies to somebody that's in poverty, it applies to the child in Darfur.And that philosophy, being pro-life and whole life, is something I think can really help move us forward as a country and as a party.
 Senator, if Rudy Giuliani got the Republican presidential nomination, would you be able to support him?
 I - that question came up at the first debate, and I stated that this is something that we as a party have struggled with. I have great respect for the mayor. I don't think we're going to nominate somebody that's not pro-life.
 Would you be able to support him?
 I can support and will support the nominee of our party, but our party has stood on principles. It's a party of principles, it's not a party of personalities.
 Thank you.
 We lose when we walk away from our principles. That's when we have trouble. And that's what the country wants us to do -
 Thank you, Senator.
 - is to stand for principles. (Applause.)
 Jennifer, go ahead.VAUGHN Next question tonight from Neil Capano. Neil, you are an airline agent.Q Yes, I am.VAUGHN You live in Manchester, New Hampshire.Do you have a question tonight for Governor Romney?Q Yes, I do.First of all, I would like to thank all of you for joining us tonight in beautiful Manchester, New Hampshire; however, my question is for Governor Romney exclusively.You've been accused of - you've been accused of flip-flopping on immigration. Just earlier tonight, you indicated that you said that you'd want the national language of the United States to be English. However, why are you airing ads in Spanish?VAUGHN Governor, let me also add something on this. Your campaign also provides a Spanish-speaking version of your website with your son also speaking in Spanish.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.Congressman Tancredo, would you advertise for your campaign in Spanish? Specifically, I'm referring to the highly publicized comment you recently made that Miami was like a third world country.
 Right. Yeah, exactly. No, I would not advertise in Spanish. Believe me when I tell you this, English - the preservation of the English language is important for us for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is because it is what holds us together. It is the glue that keeps a country together, any country. Bilingual countries don't work, and we should not encourage it.And even in the bill that Senator McCain is pushing, he says that he supports English-only - or official English. Doesn't go on to tell you, that of course he says that we're going to codify President Clinton's original plan, original executive order signed that said all papers produced by the government have to be in various languages. No, it is absolutely wrong. English is the language of this country, and you know what, we should not be ashamed of that. It's a good thing and it holds us all together regardless of where we come from -
 Thank you.
 - regardless of our backgrounds, our histories, it doesn't matter. We need that thing to hold us together.
 All right, thank you, Congressman. (Applause.)Senator McCain, I'd like you to respond.
 Thank you.Jennifer, go ahead.VAUGHN John Lewicke, good evening to you, sir.Q Good evening.VAUGHN You live in Mason, New Hampshire. What do you do?Q I work self-employed as an electrical engineer.VAUGHN What's your question tonight?Q In 2006, we saw the first - the worst Republican defeat in living memory. If we do more of the same, why do we expect anything different? And I'd like to ask each of the candidates why their position is - or how their position differs from the present administration's, so that we won't see a repeat of 2006 in 2008.VAUGHN Senator McCain, do you want to begin with this one?
 If all of you will - if all of you will limit your answer to about 10 or 15 seconds.We'll go down the line, starting with Mayor Giuliani. What has been President Bush's biggest mistake since taking office?MAYORLOSER I would like to add to what John was saying. The thing that I would do different is I would establish accountability in Washington.Washington is a mess, and that's one of the reasons Republicans lost. Republicans became Democrats. I would establish programs like I did in New York City, where I had to deal with a heavily Democratic city - FedStat programs to measure accountability.
 All right.MAYORLOSER You get what you measure. If you don't measure success, you have failure. And I turned around New York City; I can turn around Washington.
 Governor?
 Go ahead, Governor.
 All right.
 Senator?
 Spending. But it's bigger than that; it's hope and ideas.And I want one I put - I want - I have one I want to put on the line here taking on cancer and deaths by cancer, and ending deaths by cancer in 10 years. The leading cause of fear in America today is that you'll get cancer, and this is one that's actually within our reach -
 All right. The -
 - and it's something I think we can go at and we should go at, and it touches a lot of Americans.
 The question is what - what's President Bush's biggest mistake over these past several years?
 All right.
 Congressman?
 The biggest problem, I think, in this administration has been the fact that he ran - the president ran as a conservative and governed as a liberal.That is what has really been the basis, I think, of the distrust that has developed among the Republican base. It's well-founded. We have to do something about that.
 Thank you.Congressman Paul.
 Thank you.
 Governor Gilmore.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Congressman? HUNTER You know, Wolf, when my son returned from Fallujah, he wrote these words, he said, "Families lift our nation up. They provide us with fidelity, morality, faith in God, and raising the next generation of Americans."The Republican party has to reunite with the American family and pass policies that are constant with the American family, then we'll be a great party again.
 Governor.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Let's go back to Jennifer.VAUGHN Erin Gardner's here with us tonight. Erin, you live in the Gate City, Nashua, New Hampshire.Q Yes, I do.VAUGHN What is your question tonight?Q With regards to illegal and legal immigration, in your opinion, what does it mean to be an American? What are the tangible and intangible attributes of an American?VAUGHN Congressman Tancredo.
 It means, number one, cut from the past. If you come here as an immigrant, great. Welcome. If you come here legally, welcome. It means you cut your ties with the past, familial - especially political ties with the country from which you came.But let's be serious about this, you guys. We talk about all the immigration reform we want, and what it's got to get down to is this Are we ready for a timeout? Are we actually ready to say, "Enough is enough"? We have to stop all legal immigration except for the - for people coming into this country as family members, immediate family members, and/or refugees. Are we willing to actually say that and say enough - is it - we have got to actually begin the process of assimilating people who have come in this great wave of immigration. The process of assimilation is not going on.And how long? How long will it take us for that - for us to catch up with the millions of people who have come here, both legally and illegally, and assimilate them? I'll tell you this. It'll take this long until we no longer have to press 1 for English and 2 for any other language. (Applause.)
 I promised, Governor Huckabee, you'd have a chance to weigh in on this immigration issue. Do you agree with Congressman Tancredo that the U.S. should effectively end most legal immigration into the country?
 Mayor Giuliani, are you comfortable with what Congressman Tancredo says about immigration to this country?MAYORLOSER No, I'm very uncomfortable with it. I mean, the reality is, it's one thing to be debating illegal immigration. It's a very complex subject. I think we've had a very good debate about it. And I think the bill needs to be fixed in the way that I've indicated. But we shouldn't be having a debate about legal immigration.Abraham Lincoln defined what an American is better than I'm going to be able to do it or Congressman Tancredo or anyone on the stage. Abraham Lincoln, who fought the know-nothing movement, said being an American is not whether you came over on the Mayflower or you came here yesterday. How much do you believe in freedom? How much do you believe in freedom of religion? How much do you believe in freedom for women? How much do you believe in the right to vote? How much do you believe in the rule of law?The person who believes in that the most is the best American, and the person who doesn't isn't an American.
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER That's Abraham Lincoln's words. We should always be open to legal immigration. It reforms us. It makes us better. It brings us people who want to make a better life for themselves -
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER - and their families. If we lose that, we lose the genius that has made America what it is.
 I'm going to go back to Jennifer in a second. (Applause.) But I want Senator McCain to respond as well. When you hear what Congressman Tancredo says, what goes through your mind?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Let me go back to Jennifer. Go ahead, Jennifer.VAUGHN Carolyn Gargasz, you're here with us tonight. You're a state legislator. What is your hometown?CAROLYN GARGASZ Hollis.VAUGHN And what's your question?GARGASZ What would you do to include moderate Republicans and to bring back to the party those independents who were formerly registered Republicans?VAUGHN Governor Gilmore - speaking of you.
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.Wolf, can I -
 Hold on one second.Congressman Hunter, I want you to weigh in because Arnold Schwarzenegger, your governor in California, has become very popular out there by bringing in independents and moderates and trying to forge a consensus among Republicans and Democrats in your state. Shouldn't the GOP nationally be following that Arnold Schwarzenegger example in California? HUNTER No. (Laughter.) And let me just say, you know, I look at Governor Romney, Mayor Giuliani, my good friend John McCain. Governor Romney joined with Bill Clinton for the 1994 gun ban when I was fighting that. Mayor Giuliani stood with him at the White House on that. Governor Romney has passed what I consider to be a major step toward socialism with respect to his mandated health care bill. John McCain is standing strong with Ted Kennedy on this Kennedy- McCain-Bush border enforcement bill.I think the guy who's got the most influence right here with these three gentlemen is Ted Kennedy. And I think we need to move away from the Kennedy Wing of the Republican Party. (Applause.)
 All right. I got to let all three of them respond. Governor Romney, go ahead. Go ahead first. But do it very briefly.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Mayor -
 Thank you. (Applause.)Mayor Giuliani, I want you to respond specifically to what we've heard from Congressman Hunter.MAYORLOSER I think, ma'am, the way to accomplish what you want is to nominate me. (Laughter.) That would be the way to do it. And I think the Republican Party can unite around two major principles that are bigger than all of us being on offense against terrorism, unlike the Democrats, who are on defense against terrorism, and you saw that two nights ago here. They couldn't even utter the word(s) "Islamic terrorism." It's our biggest enemy. They couldn't utter it. We need somebody who can stand up to that.And second, someone who will be on offense for a growth economy. Fight this impulse to raise taxes, do socialized medicine -
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER - put everything in government. Those are the two big principles that unite us and make us a majority party -
 Thank you.MAYORLOSER - and we have to respect some of our differences. (Applause.)
 Senator McCain?
 Thank you, Senator. (Applause.)Thanks to all of you for joining us. This - unfortunately, it's time for us to say good-bye for the second part of this debate. It brings the end of our debate here.Please to be sure to join us for our next debate. That will occur on July 23rd from Charleston, South Carolina. It promises to be a revolutionary approach to campaign debates, in partnership with YouTube and Google. You're going to want to see this.Our thanks once again to Saint Anselm College here in Manchester, and to our partners, WMUR-TV and the New Hampshire Union Leader.Participants Senator Sam Brownback; former Virginia Governor James Gilmore; former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani; Represenatative Duncan Hunter; former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee; Senator John McCain (R-AZ); Representative Ron Paul; former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney; Represenatative Tom Tancredo; and former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson. Moderated by Fox News Channel's Brit Hume and Chris Wallace.
 And here now is the format for this debate. Each candidate will be asked a series of questions on foreign policy and domestic issues. Answers are limited to one minute each. If we decide rebuttal time is needed, that will be 30 seconds. We have green, yellow and red lights to help the candidates keep track of their time, and if an answer runs long, candidates, and possibly much of the world, will hear this sound (A bell rings.) (Laughter.)We ask the audience please to limit applause during the question and answer portion of the debate so we can devote as much time as we can to the candidates themselves.We want to note that many of the campaigns and the candidates have issued statements of regret and condolence over the death of the Reverend Jerry Falwell today, so we will not be seeking any more reaction from the candidates on that matter during the debate.Now, to start to the questioning, my colleague Chris Wallace.Chris.
 Thank you, Brit.Gentlemen, good evening. Let's start with the war in Iraq.Senator McCain, you say that you are willing to be the last man standing for U.S. involvement in Iraq. But the Iraqi government has failed to meet one political benchmark after another for political reform. Why should Americans continue to fight and die while Iraqi politicians continue to do so little?
 Governor Thompson, in the last debate, you said that you would, quote, "Require the Maliki government to vote on whether or not they want us to continue to stay in Iraq." You said that you would, quote, "Require the 18 provinces to elect governments and that you would split oil revenues."This is a freely elected government, sir. How can you require them to do anything?
 Governor Romney, can you foresee any circumstances under which you would pull out of Iraq without leaving behind a stable political and security situation?
 Senator Brownback, when President Bush announced the troop surge, you opposed it and said that instead you favored the Iraq Study Group, which has a goal of getting all U.S. combat forces out by March of next year. You said that you wanted to find a way for Republicans and Democrats to work together.Question Is that any way to fight and win a war, to look for a consensus among the politicians in Washington?
 I think we've got to pull together here to win over there, and Chris, I think it is a way for us to pull forward. I mean, we've got far too many divisions in this government here.And we will win if we can pull together, and we can win the war. And I think as well, if you look at it, it's difficult for democracy and particularly for the United States, for us to win with one party for the war and one party against the war.And I condemn the statements of Harry Reid, the majority leader of the Senate, saying we've already lost. We haven't lost. That's his declaration, but we've got to pull people together here. And when we can do that, and when we do that, we will win.The other thing we have to do -- a much more aggressive political solution on the ground in Iraq. That has to take place, and that's why I've been pushing a three-state, one-country solution where you have a Sunni region, a Shi'a region and a Kurdish state that already exists, within a weak federation. That form of political solution aggressively pushed there, without Iraqi politicians going home for the summer but then working through these difficult political problems, can get a solid political solution on the ground there as we pull together to win here.
 Mayor Giuliani, in our interview the other day you said that congressional Republicans who say they must see progress by September are, quote, "fundamentally irresponsible," and that in effect they are giving a timetable for retreat to our enemies.Is your commitment to winning in Iraq open-ended?
 Congressman Tancredo, you are one of those congressional Republicans who talks about disengaging -- the word you use -- from Iraq.
 Yes.
 You opposed the troop surge. You have talked about November as a timeframe for beginning to pull some of our troops back from the frontlines. Are you in effect giving our enemies a timetable for retreat?
 I think that we have to understand that we are going to be in Iraq or at least in the region for a long time. Our national interests dictate that. We are not going to be removing our troops from the area. We can't, for all the reasons that have been identified here.The question is, in what capacity we will be there and what capacity those troops will be there? Will they be a constabulary force, which I do not believe they should be? Will they be a supporting force for the Iraqi government and for the Iraqi forces themselves, which I believe they should be?The president is the one, in his state of the war message to the nation, that said, "I am establishing a benchmark of November," he said, "and by November, the Iraqi government will be in control of all 18 provinces of Iraq." I believe that that is a good benchmark to set. I will support him in that effort, and I will support our troops while they are in the field in every single way I can. That is my responsibility as a member of Congress, by the way. It is not to general the war, it is not to micromanage it, it is to support the troops that are in harm's way.
 Congressman Paul, you're one of six House Republicans who back in 2002 voted against authorizing President Bush to use force in Iraq.
 Now you say we should pull our troops out. A recent poll found that 77 percent of Republicans disapprove of the idea of setting a timetable for withdrawal. Are you running for the nomination of the wrong party? (Scattered laughter.)
 Congressman Hunter, you talk about standing up the Iraqi military and that at some point soon they may be able to replace some American troops. Now the Bush administration has been saying this, the same thing for basically four -- more than four years, and we now have as many troops in Iraq, U.S. troops in Iraq, as we did when we invaded the country.Why should we believe that this replacement is going to start happening any time soon? HUNTER Well, Chris, because the Iraqi forces that were running a couple of years ago in places like Fallujah are standing and fighting. We've got to get all 129 Iraqi battalions into a three- or four-month military operation -- most of them have been in there by now -- and then we rotate them into the battlefield and we rotate out the American heavy combat forces.But you've hit the nail on the head. One of us is going to be a commander in chief in a few months with a tough military operation and situation to deal with. I've been the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for the last four years. I served in uniform in Vietnam -- didn't do anything special, but I served. My son has done two tours in Iraq. I can look at the American people and say, we are in this together, and I think the other guys ought to lay out their credentials to be commander in chief.
 Governor Huckabee, you said in the last debate that President Bush made a mistake listening too much to civilians in suits and silk ties and not enough to the generals with mud and blood on their boots, especially when it came to how many troops were needed to stabilize the situation in Iraq.If the generals were to come to you as president and say, we don't have enough troops there; we need, let's say, 300,000, would you be open to significantly increasing our presence in Iraq?
 Governor Gilmore, we have an internet question for you from Harry from Boston, who says, we should look ahead to the threat from Iran. He asked, quote, "What would you do to resolve this nuclear issue? And will you launch a pre-emptive strike if they were close to achieving a weapon?"
 Governor, thank you.Wendell Goler has the second round of questions.Wendell.WENDELL GOLER (Fox News) Gentlemen, we have a series of questions on the economy, the budget, taxes and entitlements. And I have one for each of you, starting with you, Governor Romney.Your critics have called you "flip-flop Mitt" for, among other things, your decision to take the "no new taxes" pledge this year after refusing to do so in 2002. Tell me why your decision to take the pledge shouldn't be seen as a blatant appeal to the party base, sir?
 Absolutely not.GOLER How would you prevent that, sir?
 How I'd prevent that is us getting more supply in the system through biofuels for one thing, like ethanol from Kansas or maybe Iowa would be a nice state, too, for it to come from -- (laughter) -- biodiesel. Us being able to drill more at home here in the United States, and we can do this in places like ANWR safely, environmentally sound, but get the supply up here.And, we have to in the future work on more conservation here. My family, we have a hybrid car. In that car you can get up to 42, 43 miles to the gallon.Now my 17-year-old daughter does about 25 on it, so it does matter how you drive it.But the point of it is, is you can do better, and we can do better. And we can do this through technology, and we can do this through increasing supply here. And by that mixture we can become energy-secure in North America in 15 years, which I think should be one of our key objectives, so that we're not held hostage to a guy like Chavez in Venezuela or Ahmadinejad in Iran. We can do better, and we need to do better than $4-a-gallon gasoline.GOLER Governor Thompson, Brian from Fort Wayne asks this question via the internet, a question about controlling government spending. Some of your critics say you lack fiscal discipline. Tell me three federal programs you consider wasteful and would eliminate.
 Yeah, it's absolutely a problem. And you know, reducing the national debt requires us, of course, to have some sort of fiscal discipline. Now this is amazing, to sit here and listen to people talk about fiscal discipline and then recognize that some of the things that we have done, this Congress has done, and some of the -- and votes that have been cast in this Congress and in the past several Congresses.Republicans, we have lot the mantle of fiscal responsibility. It is incredible to listen to people talk about the fact that we have to, you know reimpose that. Well, of course we do.But did they vote for the No Child Left Behind bill, something of course the federal government has absolutely no involvement with? Did they vote for the Medicare/prescription drug bill, a $400 billion to some trillion dollars that we're not sure exactly where that's going to lie? What's the federal government role there? Did they vote for that? And then if they did, how in the world can you come back here and say, "We've got to be careful about spending and get it under control"?There are a million programs that we operate and that we pay for with the federal government that are far beyond the bounds of the Constitution. Follow the Constitution and you'll know what is -- what's necessary. And that's the defense of the country. That's it for the federal government.
 Thank you, gentlemen.It is time for a break. We'll be back with more of our debate, live from the auditorium of the Koger Center on the campus of the University of South Carolina, right after these messages. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 And we are back on the campus of the University of South Carolina.Let's continue our questioning with Chris Wallace.Chris.
 Gentlemen, you're being awfully polite to each other, if not to John Edwards. And so let's see if we can shake things up a little bit. (Laughter.)Governor Gilmore, on the campaign trail you like to say that "Rudy McRomney" is not a conservative and he knows he's not a conservative. With them standing here on the stage with you, you would tell us specifically why Mayor Giuliani, Senator McCain and Governor Romney are not conservatives?
 Are you going to name names here, sir, with them all here in front of you?
 All right, let's get some responses here.Mayor Giuliani, let's start with you.
 You're pro-choice, you're pro-gay rights, you're pro-gun control; you supported Mario Cuomo for governor over a Republican. Are those the stands of a conservative?
 Mayor Giuliani, I'm going to give you another 30 seconds to actually answer my question. (Laughter, applause.)They say that you are pro-choice, pro-gay rights, pro-gun control; you supported Mario Cuomo for governor over George Pataki.Are those the stands of a true conservative, sir?
 Senator McCain, although Governor Gilmore did not single you out, except by name, I'd like to ask you, because you have a record that people challenge about your conservatism. You've cosponsored campaign finance reform with Senator Feingold. You've cosponsored comprehensive immigration reform with Ted Kennedy. You opposed, as Wendell mentioned, not only the Bush tax cut of 2001 but also the Bush tax cut of 2003. You voted against a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage but for expanded funding -- for federal funding of embryonic stem cell research.But you say that your record is clear, consistent and conservative. How do you square that with the positions and the votes that I just mentioned, sir?
 Governor Huckabee, you got slammed for raising taxes. How do you respond, sir?
 Governor Romney, in 1994 you said you were a stronger advocate of gay rights than Ted Kennedy. As recently as five years ago you still supported a woman's right to choose. And as governor you signed into law one of the toughest restrictions on assault weapons in the country. Are you a clear and consistent conservative?
 Senator Brownback, you weren't mentioned by Governor Gilmore, but I'm going to ask you a question anyway.You say that you're a full-scale Ronald Reagan Republican, and yet, as you mentioned, you opposed the troop surge and you support comprehensive immigration reform. Are those the stands that Ronald Reagan would take?
 I certainly believe he would work to pull us together to win over there, and I certainly do see him pulling us together to be able to solve a tough problem on immigration. And we had a situation in 1986 under Ronald Reagan, where he endorsed an the amnesty proposal. We had a proposal in 1996 that passed that was an enforcement-only proposal. And pulling these together for as far as getting enforcement and then working together is something that we have to do, I think, to fundamentally change and alter the situation we have in this country right on immigration where the system is failed.The system isn't working. We've got to toughen the borders, and we need to do that. And we've got to somehow work together to see a work visa program that will allow people to get into a legal system, not an illegal system. I mean that's what people really get irritated about. It's not that people come into the country legally, it's that they come in illegally. And I think Ronald Reagan would work on those sorts of things.But he also would work on lowering taxes, which I voted for and pushed for an alternate flat tax. (Bell rings.) He would also work to reduce spending.
 Wendell.GOLER Gentlemen, the right-to-life has been a part of the Republican party platform for more than 20 years, so I want to ask several of you questions about abortion and stem cell research, starting with you, Governor Thompson.Some researchers say the lines of embryonic stem cells that President Bush has approved federal funding for are inadequate. Tell me why they're wrong. And more importantly, tell me how you would convince them that they have -- these researchers have all the tools they need.
 That would be a very difficult situation, and it is a very difficult situation. But the basic question remains. Is the child in the womb a person? Is it a viable life? And if it is a person, it's entitled to respect. And is it an innocent person?And I think that's the thing we've got to really look at here, is, what are we doing? We talk about abortion, but abortion is a procedure. This is a life that we're talking about. And it's a terrible situation where there's a rape that's involved or incest.But it nonetheless remains that this is a child that we're talking about doing this to, of ending the life of this child. Will that make the woman in a better situation if that's what takes place? And I don't think so, and I think we can explain it when we look at it for what it is a beautiful child of a loving God, that we ought to protect in all circumstances in all places, here in the womb, somebody that's struggling in poverty, a family that's struggling. We should work and look at all life, be pro-life and whole-life for everybody.GOLER Governor Romney, I want to give you another difficult abortion situation. You've explained that you once were pro-choice because a relative died after she underwent an illegal abortion. Tell me what you would say to someone else who lost a wife or a daughter to an illegal abortion, if you named the Supreme Court justice who tipped the balance and over turned Roe v. Wade.
 That concludes this round. We now go to the next, which is the beginning of round four. Questions from Chris Wallace.Chris?
 Thanks, Brit.Gentlemen, I have a series of questions on immigration, and let me begin with you, Congressman Tancredo.You have made the fight against illegal immigration the centerpiece of your campaign. I hope you will be as specific as Governor Gilmore was earlier. Do you think that Senator McCain and Mayor Giuliani and Governor Romney are soft on immigration, and if so, why?
 I do. And of course you can look at the bills that they've sponsored, in this case Senator McCain in particular. He sponsored a bill that -- a little bit ago -- would have given amnesty to everybody who's here illegally. It would have required Mexico to -- required us to actually consult with Mexico as to whether or not we would build the fence along our southern border.The issue of immigration is, of course, enormously important to me. And I see so many conversions around this room tonight on a lot of things, and this is -- I'm beginning to hint that -- or I mean I get the hint here there's conversions happening on this issue also; conversions on guns, conversions on abortion, conversions on immigration. You know, it's beginning to truly sound like a Baptist tent rival meeting here. And I am glad to see conversions. I'm glad they happen. But I must tell you, I trust those conversions when they happen on the road to Damascus and not on the road to Des Moines. (Laughter.)And this is really the problem that we are -- this is the problem that we're facing here because this issue of immigration is one of the most serious public policy issues we face. And if we pursue this path toward amnesty -- (bell rings) -- it's a disaster for the country.
 Senator McCain, would you like to respond?
 Senator McCain --
 -- let me just ask you, if I can, for a 30-second follow-up.
 Because some people say that you have stepped away from the plan that you supported with Ted Kennedy last year, and also from negotiations to come up with a new plan. Is that because comprehensive immigration reform is bad politics for someone running for president?
 Governor Romney, you have also called Senator McCain's immigration plan amnesty. Are you prepared to say that sharing the stage with him tonight? And how do you explain your statement to the Lowell Sun last year in which you said, quote, "Those that are here paying taxes and not taking government benefits should begin a process toward application for citizenship as they would from their home country." Why isn't that amnesty as well, sir?
 But you're not telling them to go home, sir.
 Senator McCain, you want to respond to that for 30 seconds?
 Mayor Giuliani -- (Laughs.) (Applause.) Want to give him a follow-up?
 Mayor Giuliani, when you were running New York, you said the following about illegal immigrants "If you come here, and you work hard, and you happen to be in an undocumented status, you're one of the people who we want in this city." If that was good enough for New York, why isn't it good enough for the country, sir?
 Congressman Hunter, we have an internet question for you, sir, from Scott in Colorado Springs. He asked, what would you do to prevent foreign nationals who have entered our country illegally from using social services such as medical, low-income housing and education? HUNTER Yeah, and I want to get into this, Chris, because you know, I built the border fence in San Diego. When I built that fence, we had massive illegal immigration across the border. We built the border fence; we reduced illegal immigration and smuggling of narcotics by more than 90 percent. And the crime rate in the city of San Diego fell by 50 percent.I wrote the bill that the president signed in October that takes the San Diego fence 854 miles across Arizona, New Mexico and Texas, and it's mandatory. I called up the other day, and they've done two miles of border fence.This administration has a case of the slows on border enforcement. If we have border enforcement, we will be able at that point to start to regulate the internal problem that we've got. Because as long as you've got a revolving door and you have no border -- and this 2,000-mile porous border, incidentally, is our biggest homeland security problem; it's not just an immigration problem, it's a homeland security problem -- we need to build the border fence. We need to have a Border Patrol which is big enough to get the job done, and we need to be able to ask people when they want to come into America, knock on the front door, because the back door is going to be closed.
 Wendell? (Applause.)GOLER Congressman Paul, I believe you are the only man on the stage who opposes the war in Iraq, who would bring the troops home as quickly as -- almost immediately, sir. Are you out of step with your party? Is your party out of step with the rest of the world? If either of those is the case, why are you seeking its nomination?
 We'll -- Wendell, go ahead.GOLER I think I want to turn to Senator McCain and change the subject, if I will. (Laughter.) I don't think we're going to solve this tonight, gentlemen.An Internet question for you, Senator. Royce from Philadelphia asks if South Carolina should be free to fly the Confederate flag from state buildings. (Groans from the audience.)
 Okay. First of all, the whole issue of global warming, for every single scientist that tells you it's happening and that it's our fault -- and they'll stack up to here in this reports -- I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.I don't believe that -- well, I'll tell you this, I don't know whether or not we are responsible, we the human race, are responsible for global warming.It certainly could be happening, it certainly could be a natural phenomenon. If it's the latter, of course there isn't much we can do about that. If it's the former, there is something that we can do about it, and I'm all for it, and that is of course to reduce our dependence on petroleum products. If we do that, we automatically reduce the carbon emissions that people claim are causing global warming. And I'm all for doing that, because -- I'll tell you why. It's a national security issue. It just isn't an issue of fight over the science of global warming; it's a national security issue for us to move away from the use of petroleum products when they're coming from countries that want to kill us.And although my dear friend Ron here -- I dearly love and really respect, but I'll tell you, I just have to disagree with you, Ron, about the issue of whether or not that -- whether Israel existed or didn't, whether or not we were in the Iraq war or not, they would be trying to kill us because it's a dictate of their religion, at least a part of it, and we have to defend ourselves.
 Thank you, Congressman. It's time now for our -- (applause) -- our final commercial break of the night. When we come back, dealing with a world crisis in real time. We'll challenge the candidates to see how they would react during an evolving terrorist attack. Stay tuned. (Applause.)(Announcements.)
 Welcome back to the Koger Center for the Arts on the campus of the University of South Carolina.The questions in this round will be premised on a fictional, but we think plausible scenario involving terrorism and the response to it. Here is the premise Three shopping centers near major U.S. cities have been hit by suicide bombers. Hundreds are dead, thousands injured. A fourth attack has been averted when the attackers were captured off the Florida coast and taken to Guantanamo Bay, where they are being questioned. U.S. intelligence believes that another larger attack is planned and could come at any time.First question to you, Senator McCain. How aggressively would you interrogate those being held at Guantanamo Bay for information about where the next attack might be?
 Mayor Giuliani, the former director of Central Intelligence, George Tenet, the current head of the CIA have both said that the most valuable intelligence tool they have had has been the information gained from what are called enhanced interrogation techniques to include, presumably, water-boarding.What is your view whether such techniques should be applied in a scenario like the one I described?
 Water-boarding?
 Governor Romney, I'd like to draw you out on this.
 Governor Thompson, let me enrich the scenario just a little bit. Let's assume for the sake of discussion here that we now also have additional intelligence that indicates with high certainty that the attackers were trained in a West African country hostile to the United States, in camps openly run by the terrorist organization that sent them. What kind of response would you agree to for that?
 Senator Brownback, if the decision were up to you, would you do that? And if so, would you decide to go to the United Nations, for example, first to seek some kind of international authorization to do it or would you just move in the way that Governor Thompson described?
 I would not go to the United Nations in the situation you've described. You've described a situation where American lives have been lost and we think more are pending to lose. And I think your real question you have to have here as the chief executive, as the leader of the country, what are you measuring here? Is your primary concern U.S. lives or is it how you're going to be perceived in the world? And my standard is U.S. lives, and I'm going to do everything within my power to protect U.S. lives, period.I will do it. I'll move aggressively forward on it. If we have to later ask and say, "Well, it shouldn't quite have been done this way or that way," that's the way it is. But the standard must be protection of U.S. lives. That's the job of president of the United States, and I would take it seriously, and I would do it.
 How would you respond, Congressman Hunter? HUNTER Yeah, let me just say this would take a one-minute conversation with the secretary of Defense. (Laughter.) I would call him up or call him in. I would say to SECDEF, in terms of getting information that would save American lives, even if it involves very high-pressure techniques, one sentence Get the information. Have it back within an hour, and let's act on it. Let's execute with Special Operations or whoever else is necessary, and I will take full responsibility. Get the information.
 I'm going to come to the others in a moment, but I want to circle back to you, Senator McCain. You've heard reference here from me and others of the -- what the administration calls the enhanced interrogation techniques. I may have misunderstood you, but it sounded to me as if you regard those techniques, or from what you know about them, as torture. Do you?
 All right, thank you, Senator. (Applause.)This kind of attack would pose immediate and obvious problems for the U.S. economy -- they've hit shopping centers. What kind of measures would you take, Governor Gilmore, to assure that the U.S. economy continued to grow in the face of an attack of this kind?
 Well what would you do?
 Governor Huckabee, there might be a need for economic policies to change. What policies would you propose?
 Congressman Paul, one last question for you on this. The president believed after 9/11 that the tax cuts that he had put in place were helpful in softening the economic downturn that occurred, and allowing the United States economy to rise out of it. Would you propose -- what economic policies would you propose under this scenario to avert or soften a recession?
 Congressman Tancredo, let me give you the last word in this round. Go ahead, sir.
 Well, let me just say that it's almost unbelievable to listen to this in a way. We're talking about -- we're talking about it in such a theoretical fashion. You say that -- that nuclear devices have gone off in the United States, more are planned, and we're wondering about whether waterboarding would be a -- a bad thing to do? I'm looking for "Jack Bauer" at that time, let me tell you. (Laughter, applause.)And -- and there is -- there is nothing -- if you are talking about -- I mean, we are the last best hope of Western civilization. And so all of the theories that go behind our activities subsequent to these nuclear attacks going off in the United States, they go out the window because when -- when we go under, Western civilization goes under. So you better take that into account, and you better do every single thing you can as president of the United States to make sure, number one, it doesn't happen -- that's right -- but number two, you better respond in a way that makes them fearful of you because otherwise you guarantee something like this will happen.
 Congressman, thank you.We have time for a last quick round with Chris.Chris?
 Thank you. I've got a couple of final questions, and I then I know Wendell does as well.Governor Gilmore, let me start with you. It's been suggested that the 10 of you could all be members of the same country club. What does it say about the Republican Party? And you used to be the chairman of this party and tried to build the tent, to build the base; what does it say that there is no woman, no Hispanic, no African- American, no minority in this field of presidential candidates?
 Governor, if I may -- because we're running out of time, I'd like to ask you, if you'd answer the question, which is, does it bother you that as you sit here and we see the 10 candidates on the stage, there is not a single minority running for president in your party?
 Governor Romney, during this campaign, you have been criticized -- and again tonight you've been criticized -- for changing your position on some issues. You say that it's a part of learning from experience. Can you point to an area in which your learning from experience led you to change to a position that is less popular with the Republican base?
 Wendell.GOLER Congressman Hunter, many people feel that billions of dollars in American debt that China holds is a problem. If the Chinese decide to convert those dollars to euros, the value of the dollar drops. Do you see that as a security threat, and what would you do about it? HUNTER Well, Wendell, if we don't do anything about it, it will be a security threat. And the other thing that will be a security threat is the fact that China is buying ships and planes and military equipment with hundreds of billions of American trade dollars coming their way. They've bought the Sovremenny class missile destroyers from the Russians that were designed to do one thing Kill American aircraft carriers. So there is a security threat as we move -- as we allow China to continue to cheat on trade, they are arming with American trade dollars, and they're lending our money back to us. And some people say well, they'll treat us right if we get in a crunch. And I say, yeah, just like they treated that guy in front of the tank at Tiananmen Square.It's time for us to enforce trade rules with China, create a two- way street, not a one-way street, and that will give us much less exposure on the economic side that you're talking about, and the security side.
 There'll be many more debates, but that is it for us tonight. Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs, and to our debate partner, the Republican Party of South Carolina. And also to the terrific people here at the University of South Carolina and the Koger Center for all of their help.ModeratorsChris Matthews, MSNBCJohn Harris, Editor in Chief, Politico.comJim Vandehei, Executive Editor, Politico.comCandidatesSen. Sam Brownback, R-Kan.Former Gov. James Gilmore, R-Va.Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, R-N.Y.C.Former Gov. Mike Huckabee, R- Ark.Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif.Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.Rep. Ron Paul, R-TexasFormer Gov. Mitt Romney, R- MassRep. Tom Tancredo, R-Col.Former Gov. Tommy Thompson, R-Wis.
 In the NBC-Wall Street Journal poll, just 22 percent believe this country is on the right track.Mayor Giuliani, how do we get back to Ronald Reagan's morning in America?Former New York City Mayor RudolphLOSER We get back to it with optimism. The same situation that I faced in New York City; when I became mayor of New York City, 65, 70 percent thought New York City was going on the wrong track. And what I did was, I set policies and programs of growth, of moving people toward prosperity, security, safety.And what we can borrow from Ronald Reagan, since we are in his library, is that great sense of optimism that he had. He led by building on the strengths of America, not running America down.And we're a country that people love to come to, they want to come to this country with a shining city on the hill. So we should solve our immigration issue, including illegal immigration, from our strengths, not our weaknesses.We're a country that has the greatest health care system in the world. It's flawed, it needs to be fixed, but we should fix it from our strengths. We shouldn't turn it into socialized medicine.Those are the things that Ronald Reagan taught us You lead from optimism.
 Senator McCain, most of the public pessimism today has to do with Iraq. What would you need, as commander in chief, to win the war in Iraq?Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) I would need the support of the American people. I would need to be able to show them some success in Iraq, both on the battlefield as well as with the Maliki government. We have a new general; we have a new strategy. That strategy can succeed.The young men and women who are serving are the best of America. I believe that if we bring about stability in the neighborhoods in Iraq and have the Maliki government govern, you are going to succeed.My friends, when the majority leader of the United States Senate says we've lost the war, the men and women that are serving in Iraq reject that notion.And, if we lost, then who win? Did Al Qaida win? When on the floor of the House of Representatives they cheer -- they cheer -- when they pass a withdrawal motion that is a certain date for surrender, what were they cheering?Surrender? Defeat?We must win in Iraq. If we withdraw, there will be chaos; there will be genocide; and they will follow us home.
 Do you need anything, beyond what the president has now, to win the war?
 Governor Thompson, if you're commander in chief and you want to win this war in Iraq, what do you need to do to win it?Former Wisconsin Governor TommyLOSER First, you have to support the troops. There's an undying bond in America that, any time an American soldier is in harm's way, we have to protect him.Beyond that, there are three things that I have laid out. Number one, I believe the al-Maliki government should be required to vote as to whether or not they want America in their country.If they vote yes, it gives us a legitimacy for being there. If they vote no, we should get out.Secondly, there are 18 territories in Iraq, just like we have 50 states in America. I would require those territories to elect governments, just like we do in our states.And if you do so, the Shiites will elect Shiites. Sunnis will elect Sunnis. Kurds will elect Kurds. And you won't have this internecine civil war.Third, I would split the oil reserves one-third to the federal government, one-third to the state governments and one-third to every man, woman and child. If every man, woman and child is getting part of the oil proceeds, they're going to have a vested interest in their country.They will be purchasing goods. They will be investing in small businesses. And they will be building the country on democratic grounds in Iraq.
 Congressman Hunter?Representative Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) Yeah, very briefly, Chris, the key to winning in Iraq is standing up the Iraqi military. There are 129 battalions in the Iraqi army. We need to make sure that every one of those battalions moves into an operational setting, gets a three- or four-month military operation in a contentious zone.At that point, they can move into the combat field.
 Governor Romney, in that same NBC-Wall Street Journal poll that Chris mentioned, 55 percent of Americans say victory is just not possible in Iraq. They've made up their minds on this war.Why shouldn't they have a president who will listen?Former Massachusetts Governor MittLOSER Well, if you wanted to have a president that just followed the polls, all we need to do is plug in our TVs and have them run the country. But that's not what America wants. It's not what America needs. We need leadership that's strong and that shows America what we can do to lead the world.Ronald Reagan was a president of strength. His philosophy was a philosophy of strength a strong military, a strong economy and strong families.With regards to Iraq, there are a lot of people that say, let's just get out. I want to get our troops home as soon as I possibly can. But, at the same time, I recognize we don't want to bring them out in such a precipitous way that we cause a circumstance that would require us to come back.Because if we leave in the wrong way, the Iranians could grab the Shia south, or Al Qaida could play a dominant role among the Sunnis, or you could have the border with Turkey destabilized by the Kurds -- and, as a result, you could have regional conflict develop.But with that occurring, you could have our neighbors get involved, our friends get involved around Iraq, and we could have to come back again.That's why it's so essential for us at this critical time to support the al-Maliki effort to bring strength and stability to Baghdad, to Al Anbar. Hopefully they're good signs that we're going to see increasing, and we'll be able to bring our troops home safely.
 Time, Governor.Let me to go to Senator Brownback with the next question. Recent polls in the Islamic world reveal a sea of hostility toward the United States, feeding what General Petraeus calls the central front of Al Qaida in Iraq.How do we win this war if every dead terrorist is so easily replaced?Senator Sam Brownback (R-Kan.) I think we win the war by standing up for our values and working with those who will work with us.I think you have to remember that while we're in a war on terrorism, there are a number of people that are with us, that work with us around the world, and also in the Islamic world. We're partnering with a number of moderate Muslim regimes.And that's something I think we need to convey into the Muslim world as well, that these are groups -- the Al Qaida group, the militant Islamic fascists -- they're trying to unseat moderate Muslim regimes.And I think we need to engage those regimes -- regimes in Pakistan, regimes in Egypt -- as long as we also confront those regimes, like in Iran, that are the lead -- Iran is the lead sponsor of terrorism around the world. And we've got to be very confrontational and very aggressive there.So it's to engage those that'll work with us, contain and confront those that won't, and convey that to the Muslim world.
 How do you deal with the problem revealed in a recent Zogby poll that in countries that are mentioned you mentioned, like Jordan, Morocco, Turkey, another Islamic country, 10, 12 percent of the people support us, the rest are angry at us? Doesn't that create a sea of recruitment opportunity for our enemy?And I'm just asking Do we have to reduce that temperature of hatred before we win the war, or simply continue to fight the terrorists?
 Governor Huckabee, I'd like to get your views about how you balance loyalty and accountability. Would you have fired Don Rumsfeld before last November?Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee I think I would've done that before the election. I certainly wouldn't have said that we are not going to do it and then, right after the election, done so. But that's the president's call.Clearly there was a real error in judgment, and that primarily had to do with listening to a lot of folks who were civilians in suits and silk ties and not listening enough to the generals with mud and blood on their boots and medals on their chest.Those generals told us, early on, it would take 300,000 troops to successfully go in and stabilize Iraq. Instead we gave them a limited number of troops and a budget and said, you have to do it with this.I think that's something, now, we understand was a mistake. But rather than simply walking away and leaving the Middle East in a complete disastrous chaos that will spread to the region and to the rest of the world, it's important that we finish the job, that we do it right, rather than have to go back and some day do it over.
 Why don't we start with Governor Gilmore there, and ask you a general question, as people who are political and know the mood of the country, starting with you -- you've been a military man. You were in Army intelligence.But on this general question, the Rumsfeld removal was perhaps timed to the election. Do you think a general shake-up in this administration's Cabinet, right now, would be good for the administration?Former Virginia Governor James Gilmore (R-Va.) I think there have been a lot of changes in the administration over the last number of years.We've seen those changes.But the fundamental point that we have to remember is this has been coming on for quite a long time. Decades this has been coming on. And I think we got distracted at the end of the Cold War, when we were thinking about the end of the Soviet Union and the fall of the Berlin Wall, thanks to the president in whose name this library is named. And, instead, we didn't pay attention sufficiently to the entire Middle East.And I see this Iraq problem as part of an entire Middle East issue, and it's sort of a fundamental problem that we're going to have an honest conversation with the American people about. We're going to have to engage in the Middle East, and we're going to have to do it for an extended and a long period of time.It isn't just an Iraq issue. This is an issue of the challenges that we're facing between the Palestinians and the Israelis, the challenge between Sunnis and Shiites -- the problem with people on the street not even agreeing with their own regimes.There is a great deal that has to be done, and the president is going to have to bring the American people forward into a major commitment in many areas -- one is foreign policy -- and there will have to be a new commitment to the Middle East.
 Congressman Paul, you voted against the war. Why are all your fellow Republicans up here wrong?Representative Ron Paul (R-Texas) That's a very good question. And you might ask the question, why are 70 percent of the American people now wanting us out of there, and why did the Republicans do so poorly last year?So I would suggest that we should look at foreign policy. I'm suggesting very strongly that we should have a foreign policy of non- intervention, the traditional American foreign policy and the Republican foreign policy.Throughout the 20th century, the Republican Party benefited from a non-interventionist foreign policy. Think of how Eisenhower came in to stop the Korean War. Think of how Nixon was elected to stop the mess in Vietnam.How did we win the election in the year 2000? We talked about a humble foreign policy No nation-building; don't police the world. That's conservative, it's Republican, it's pro-American -- it follows the founding fathers. And, besides, it follows the Constitution.I tried very hard to solve this problem before we went to war by saying, "Declare war if you want to go to war. Go to war, fight it and win it, but don't get into it for political reasons or to enforce U.N. resolutions or pretend the Iraqis were a national threat to us.
 It's time.This is a question for Senator McCain. It's along those lines of intervention. Former Tennessee Senator Fred Thompson said that Iran has already committed acts of war. Do you agree?And, secondly, as part of that, what's your tripwire for a U.S. strike in Iran?
 OK.
 Let me follow up a little bit, Senator.
 What is your trip wire? Is it the building of a nuclear weapon? The threat to use a weapon once built? A delivery system? Is it preemptive or preventive?
 OK.Congressman Tancredo, along those lines, imagine you're president of the United States and this is a likely or possible scenario, certainly plausible You get a call from the prime minister of Israel -- who's now Ehud Olmert -- saying Israel is about to strike Iran's nuclear sites and he wants U.S. help.What do you say?Representative Tom Tancredo (R-Col.) I say that, look, when we -- if you look at this issue and stand back for just a second and say, there are two kinds of Irans that we are going to have to deal with here one headed by a gentleman who believes that he is going to be responsible for the coming of the 12th imam and a guy with a bomb, that should put us in the position of saying that anything we can do to stop that is imperative.And if Israel is put in that position, and we need to be involved in order to protect both ourselves and the Israelis, then of course we respond in the appropriate fashion.
 If the prime minister asks you for help, you say you will say yes?
 Mayor Giuliani, on that point?
 Thank you.Governor Gilmore of Virginia, when speaking about Osama bin Laden last week, Governor Romney said, quote, "It's not worth moving heaven and Earth, spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person."Senator McCain called that naive.Who's right?
 If I would, is President Bush partly responsible for that, in your view?
 Governor Romney, respond to the mentioned reference to you...
 ... by Senator McCain.(Laughter)
 Can we move heaven and earth to do it?
 OK. Thank you, Governor.We now go to our interactive round of questions that were submitted and voted on by the users of Political.com.Jim VandeHei will read these questions to the candidates now, who will have 30 seconds to respond. And if a rebuttal is necessary, that will also be 30 seconds.Thanks, Chris.Senator McCain, Sara from Arlington, Virginia, wants to know if you would be comfortable with Tom Tancredo, a stanch opponent of illegal immigration, as head of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.(Laughter)
 OK. Let me ask you a question regarding immigration. One of our prized guests here today, Governor Schwarzenegger -- looking this man in the eye, answer this question -- I'm going to go down the line, starting with Governor Romney.Should we change our Constitution, which we believe is divinely inspired...(Laughter)... to allow men like Mel Martinez, the chairman of your party, born in Cuba, great patriot, the senator from Florida, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, to stand here some night?Governor Romney?
 No?
 Yes or no?
 We got two noes.
 Governor Gilmore. Two noes. We're moving here.
 So that's a no. Three noes in a row.Huckabee After I've served eight years as president, I'd be happy to change the Constitution for Governor Schwarzenegger.(Laughter)
 Three to one.Congressman?
 OK. Three to one to no-show?
 OK. Four noes to one.Governor?
 Five to one.Senator?
 OK. We've got an overwhelming vote against you, Governor, in your own house.(Laughter)Congressman?Paul (?) I'm a no, because I am a strong supporter of the original intent.
 Oh, God.OK, Mayor Giuliani?
 OK.Congressman Tancredo -- is it no or yes?
 Yes.
 OK. We've got two yeses here.Mayor Giuliani, Bradley Winters of New York would like to know if there's anything you learned or regret during your time as mayor in your dealings with the African-American community?
 That's the time, Mayor.
 Governor Romney, Daniel Duchovnik (ph) from Walnut Creek, California, wants to know What do you dislike most about America?
 Governor Huckabee, this question comes from Curtis Waldman (ph) from Boca Raton, Florida.Thousands of reputable scientists have concluded with almost certainly that human activity is responsible for the warming of the Earth. Do you believe global warming exists?Huckabee The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it.It's the old boy scout rule of the campsite You leave the campsite in better shape than you found it.I believe that even our responsibility to God means that we have to be good stewards of this Earth, be good caretakers of the natural resources that don't belong to us, we just get to use them. We have no right to abuse them.
 Congressman Tancredo, David Diamond (ph) from Memphis writes in, "Do you have a plan to solve the shortage of organs donated for transplant?"
 That's time, Congressman.
 Congressman Hunter, Maggie from Highland Park, Illinois, wants to know if you consider yourself a compassionate conservative, like President Bush.
 Thank you, Congressman. That's time.
 Congressman Paul, Pete from Rochester Hills, Michigan wants to ask you this. If you were president, would you work to phase out the IRS?(Laughter)
 That's what they call a softball.
 Time.We now go to the next segment. We're going to talk about values. Let's go down the line on this just like they did with the Democrats last week on some of these trickier calls, but they do have clear answers.Starting with you, Governor, would the day that Roe v. Wade is repealed be a good day for America.
 Senator?
 Governor?
 Governor?Huckabee (?) Most certainly.
 Congressman?
 Governor?
 Senator?A repeal.Mayor?
 OK to repeal?
 Would it be OK if they didn't repeal it?
 Congressman?Tancredo (?) After 40 million dead because we have aborted them in this country, I would say that that would be the greatest day in this country's history when that, in fact, is overturned.
 We're looking for nuance here. Governor Gilmore, you have said in the past that you believe in the first eight to 12 weeks of pregnancy that the woman should have the right to have an abortion. Do you still want to stick with that exception?
 Governor Thompson, do you have any nuance on this? Or are you just happy with the repeal of Roe v. Wade?
 Governor Romney, in recent months, you've said you were, quote, "always for life," but we've also heard you say you were once, quote, "effectively pro-choice." Which is it?
 Governor, with respect, some people are going to see those changes of mind as awfully politically convenient.
 Senator Brownback, this is an important issue for you.
 Could you support a nominee of your party who is not pro-life?
 That's the time.Let me go back to Governor -- Mayor Giuliani, because I want to give you a chance on this.You became very well known for standing up against the use of public funds for what many people considered indecent exhibits at the Brooklyn museum and places like that.Why do you support the use of public funds for abortion?
 So you're not for funding at all?
 Should New York, when you were mayor of New York, should they have been paying for -- the state should have been paying for...
 And where were you on that?
 Thank you.Let me go to Senator McCain. We're in the house of Ronald Reagan. Every cab driver in America knew what Ronald Reagan stood for defeat communism abroad; reduce big government at home.Can you, Senator McCain, restore that kind of unity of purpose?
 OK, we have...
 Senator, two or three gentlemen have asked to respond to that. First Congressman Hunter, and then Governor Huckabee, and then Senator -- those three. Say just quick, each.
 Governor Huckabee, the question is How do you unify the country the way Reagan did, a good portion of the country?Huckabee I think it's important to remember that what Ronald Reagan did was to give us a vision for this country, a morning in America, a city on a hill. We were reminded that we are a great nation not because government is great; we're a great nation because people are great.Chris, I want to go back, though, to say why we're a great nation. We are a culture of life. We celebrate, we elevate life. And let me just say, when hikers on Mt. Hood get lost, we move heaven and Earth to go find them. When coal miners in West Virginia are trapped in a mine, we go after them because we celebrate life.This life issue is not insignificant. It's not small. It separates us from the Islamic fascists who would strap a bomb to the belly of their child and blow them up. We don't do that in this country.
 OK, let me go to -- Dr. Paul, how do you reconcile this moral, moral leadership kind of role of conservatism with the very libertarian strain of conservatism -- the Barry Goldwater conservatism that you represent? How do you put together what he just said with what you believe in a unified national purpose?
 I'm sorry, we have to go on. We have to go on.Governor Thompson, same theme. If a private employer finds homosexuality immoral, should he be allowed to fire a gay worker?
 OK. So the answer's yes.
 Governor Romney, what do you say to Roman Catholic bishops who would deny Communion to elected officials who support abortion rights?
 Do you see that as interference in public life?
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Huckabee, you've criticized Governor Romney for saying his faith wouldn't get in the way of his public life, his governing. Are you going to back that up tonight?Huckabee I've never criticized Governor Romney for that.(Crosstalk)Huckabee I said, in general -- and I would say this tonight to any of us -- when a person says, "My faith doesn't affect my decision- making," I would say that the person is saying their faith is not significant to impact their decision process.I tell people up front, "My faith does affect my decision process." It explains me. No apology for that. My faith says, "Do unto others as you'd have them do unto you..."
 But you answered a question that George Stephanopoulos of ABC about this governor, one of your rivals, and you answered it in this way "I'm not as troubled by a person who has a different faith. I'm troubled by a person who tells me their faith doesn't influence their decisions."That's in direct response to George Stephanopoulos on February 11th of this year. Why are you changing that point of view now?Huckabee Well, I didn't know I was changing the point of view.
 No, you're changing your quote.Huckabee I'm saying that of anyone, whether it's Governor Romney or Governor Gilmore...
 Well, you answered in direct response to Governor Romney and his Mormonism. Why are you pulling back now?Huckabee I don't mean to be pulling back. I want to state very clearly A person's faith shouldn't qualify or disqualify for public office. It shouldn't do that.But we ought to be honest and open about it. And I think it does help explain who we are, what our value systems are, what makes us tick, and what our processors are.
 Governor Romney, do you accept the fact that he wasn't talking about you?
 Senator?
 OK, thank you. Thank you, Senator.Gentleman, let's talk a bit about the future of your party.Congressman Hunter, Governor Schwarzenegger, who is here tonight, has won the state twice by downplaying partisanship and taking centrist positions on the environment, immigration, abortion. Is that the way to win for Republicans?
 Governor Gilmore, you know Karl Rove and you've worked with Karl Rove. Is Karl Rove your friend?(Laughter)
 Do you want to keep him in the White House if you get elected president -- the president's chief political operative?
 But you, as commander in chief and chief executive, would you employ Karl Rove?
 Thank you. Thank you, Governor.Congressman Tancredo, that Karl Rove question, do you have an interest in answering that one?
 Well, by the way, this isn't still the Air Force One.
 All right. Mayor Giuliani, I have to ask you the next question. Has the increased influence of Christian conservatives in your party been good for it?
 Time...
 Mr. Mayor, it's time.
 OK.Governor Thompson, same question. Well, actually, you could respond to just about anything at this point.(Laughter)
 Thanks, Governor.SenatorLOSER Jack Abramoff, Mark Foley, Duke Cunningham in prison for bribes. Just last month, FBI raids of two Republican members of Congress.What's with your party and all this corruption?
 Congressman Tancredo, you want to respond to that question that John put about these serious problems of ethics violations?
 It's time now.
 Senator McCain, when you announced last week, you took a couple of shots at incompetence in government. You talked about you wouldn't put up with having police and fire radios on different frequencies.And I somehow got the idea you were talking about New York City.(Laughter)
 It's time now for another round of interactive questions. We're going to go to Jim VandeHei right now.
 It's red now.(Laughter)
 I'm sorry.
 Sorry, Senator.This is actually a great follow to that, Senator McCain. Chris Harris from Manhattan, Kansas, is very concerned about the budget and about deficits. He wants to know, what specific programs would you cut if you were president?
 Thank you, sir.Governor Huckabee, a Politico.com reader wants a letter grade. He wants to know, A through F, how would you rate the Bush administration's handling of the Iraq war?Huckabee I think it's too early to give them the grade. You don't give a student a grade in the middle of the exam. We're still in the middle of the exam. Let's wait and see how it turns out, then we can give the president a grade.
 But a teacher will usually give you a heads-up, maybe midway through that semester.(Laughter)Huckabee My teachers never did. I don't know where you went to school, but in Arkansas...(Laughter)... we didn't get a grade until it was over, and usually we didn't want to take it home.(Laughter)
 Governor Romney, you said that being a pro-life president entails more than just appointing strict constructionist judges. A Politico.com reader wants to know what you meant by that and whether that was directed specifically at Mayor Giuliani.It's directed at anybody who's not pro-life. And I have had the opportunity of serving as a governor and finding that while the courts were making decisions that affected abortion, it's really upon the legislature and the governor to have an impact as well.
 It's time, Governor.Let me ask Mayor Giuliani, do you want to respond to this? Because it seems like across the room here, this strong, unrelenting -- with the exception of Governor Gilmore, an unrelenting pro-life position. You seem to have a nuanced position on this. Many people think you're pro-choice. Could you define it in a couple of seconds?
 OK, later. We'll have to kill you now because it's a red light.Governor Thompson, is racism still a problem in our society, and can a president do anything about it?
 Congressman Tancredo, David Kim from here in California wants to know Beside yourself, who do you think should be the Republican nominee for president of the United States, and why?
 OK. Time.Anyone have a follow-up with that? Anyone disagree with the strong anti-illegal-immigration position, take a strong view?Senator McCain?
 Time.
 Time. I've got to go to Jim VandeHei.VandeHei Congressman Hunter, Kay Thomas from Honolulu, Hawaii, wants to know if you watched Al Gore's environmental documentary, "An Inconvenient Truth."
 Congressman, that's time.(Crosstalk)
 That's time.
 Congressman Paul, Bob Hussay (ph) from Minnesota writes that perhaps the most important skill a good president must have is the ability to make good, sound decisions, often in a crisis situation.Please cite an example when you had to make a decision in crisis.
 Dr. Paul, that's -- again, is there another question for Jim?Governor Gilmore, this question comes from Malika (ph) in Washington, D.C. "Women are the fastest growing prison population. Most are mothers who are non-violent, first-time offenders. What will you do to address the issue of mothers behind bars and the children left behind?
 We have to go down the line again. It's always fun to ask these questions down the line. We have Mr. Reagan here. The camera will not focus on her, but I will tell you, it will now focus on you.Mrs. Reagan wants to expand federal funding of embryonic stem cell research. Will that progress under your administration, Governor?
 Embryonic. Embryonic.
 And you won't take any from these fertility clinics to use either?
 The same question, embryonic stem cell research with federal funds, sir.
 OK.
 OK. I'm going to have to go yes or no.Governor Gilmore, for embryonic stem cell federal funding or not?
 Governor Huckabee?Huckabee I would concur. I don't think it's right to create a life to end a life. That's not a good health decision.
 Congressman?
 Governor Thompson.
 Senator, embryonic stem cell federal funding.
 That's a yes. Dr. Paul, yes or no on federal funding?
 OK. That's a no.
 Mr. Tancredo?
 OK. Thank you.
 Governor Romney, a year ago, it seemed that you couldn't wait to tell the world about your health-care experiment in Massachusetts. Since then, it's been criticized by conservatives as something Hillary Clinton could've devised. You hardly mention it on your Web site. What's changed?
 Senator McCain, some of your colleagues have been hit pretty hard on flip-flops, but you now support extending President Bush's tax cuts.But you originally voted against them. That makes no sense.
 OK. Let's start with an enjoyable down-the-line, OK?I want each candidate to mention a tax you'd like to cut, in addition to the Bush tax cuts, keeping them in effect.Governor?
 A zero rate on capital.
 Senator?
 Governor Gilmore, tax you'd like to cut?
 Governor Huckabee.Huckabee Well, I cut taxes 94 times as governor, but I realize tinkering with it doesn't work.I'd overhaul it. I would work for the fair tax, which meets the four criteria flatter, fairer, finite, family friendly. We'd get rid of the IRS. We're get rid of all capital gains, income, corporate. And we'd have a consumption tax.The fair tax proposal, I believe, offers the best opportunity for all levels of Americans.
 Congressman, your turn.
 Governor?
 Senator McCain?
 OK.Dr. Paul?
 Mayor Giuliani?
 Thank you.
 That's time.
 Senator McCain, you said you plan to appoint a Democrat to a major candidate post. Tell us some of the Democrats you've got in mind.(Laughter)We will give you bonus points if you give us a name other than Senator Lieberman.
 Keep going. Keep going. There must be some others.
 Time for our final interactive segment of the program, in the debate. Jim VandeHei.Congressman Hunter, Ryan from Los Angeles wants you to name one thing that the federal government does really well, and one thing that it does poorly.
 Senator McCain, this comes from a Politico.com reader and was among the top vote getters in our early rounds. They want a yes or a no. Do you believe in evolution?
 I'm curious, is there anybody on the stage that does not agree, believe in evolution?
 Sure.
 Governor Romney, Robert Deitrich (ph) from Towson, Maryland, wants to know, which Cabinet official would be at the top of the list of those you'd like to carry into your administration if you're elected?
 Time.That's time.Mayor Giuliani, this question comes from Eric Taylor from California. He wants to know, what is the difference between a Sunni and a Shia Muslim?
 Governor Gilmore, a Politico.com reader says you claim to be the only real conservative in this race. They want you to explain why none of the other candidates deserves the label themselves as the true conservative.
 Congressman Paul, Carrie from Connecticut asks Do you trust the mainstream media?(Laughter)
 Thank you, Doctor.That's time.Senator Brownback, a reader wants to know if your personal religious beliefs influence your foreign policy thinking.
 That's the time.
 Mayor Giuliani, Jesse from Madison wants to know "What do you consider to be your most significant weakness as a candidate for the president of the United States?"
 Senator Brownback, do you find any faults in Mayor Giuliani?(Laughter)I saw you looking attentively, waiting for him to say something.
 Thank you.Governor Huckabee, this question comes from a reader in New York "In light of the scandals plaguing the current administration and its allies, involving corruption and cronyism, which mistakes have you learned not to repeat?"Huckabee The most important thing a president needs to do is to make it clear that we're not going to continue to see jobs shipped overseas, jobs that are lost by American workers, many in their 50s who, for 20 and 30 years, have worked to make a company rich, and then watch as a CEO takes a $100 million bonus to jettison those American jobs somewhere else. And the worker not only loses his job, but he loses his pension.That's criminal. It's wrong. And if Republicans don't stop it, we don't deserve to win in 2008.
 Congressman Tancredo, this reader requests a yes or no answer "Will you work to protect women's rights, as in fair wages and reproductive choice?"
 Governor Thompson, Joanie from California wants to know how many American soldiers have lost their lives in the Iraq war, and how many have been injured, to date?
 We're at the last round. It's going to be 30-second responses. I want to start with Mayor Giuliani.Something you've come out for, I believe -- I want you to explain it and defend it a national tamper-proof ID card.
 That's the time.
 Governor Romney, I think -- are you with him on that, a tamper-proof ID card?
 Is someone against this on libertarian grounds, the idea of a national ID card?Senator Brownback?
 How's that different from a national ID card if it works?
 Senator McCain, Senator McCain, are you for a national, tamper-proof ID card?
 Dr. Paul.
 Mr. Tancredo, do you agree with the need for a national tamper-proof ID card?
 But you say legally you have to be who you say you are?
 You have to be the person on that card.
 OK, let me go to a question that's more ephemeral and it is passing and it will decided in the next several months. We'll go down the line again. This isn't as much fun as cutting taxes. Do you think Scooter Libby should be pardoned.Governor?
 Oh, you don't want a national ID card, Governor?
 Mayor Giuliani, you want it for everyone, right?
 OK, that will be tested...
 That will be interesting how that's tested.Let me got to senator. Do you think Scooter Libby should be...
 The judge is going to rule on that case next month and decide whether he will be in prison during his appeal. Would you let it go, let him be imprisoned?
 You don't encourage him to repeal, to...
 Two noes. Two no pardons so far.
 Not yet.
 So we don't want another Marc Rich.
 Never mind.(Laughter)
 Does anybody want to -- I want to save time here. Does any gentleman want to raise his hand and say, "Pardon him"?
 OK, Congressman Tancredo wants to pardon him.Tancredo (?) I'd say pardon him. But right after or before you pardon him, Ramos and Compean -- two people who are presently serving prison time for actually doing their job on the border...
 OK. Dr. Paul, do you want to pardon them?
 OK. Let me ask you a question which has grabbed a lot of Americans personally, the Terri Schiavo case.Again, it was a question whether the United States, the U.S. Congress should have intervened and passed a law to advise the appellate court whether to act or not in this case -- the district court, it was.Terri Schiavo Should Congress have acted or let the family make the decision, the husband?
 The husband should have decided?
 OK.
 Senator Brownback, should Congress...
 ... have gotten involved in a personal case?
 Senator McCain, was Congress right in intervening in that case?
 Mayor Giuliani, was that a good thing for Congress to do to get involved that weekend?
 I want to ask you a question almost as much fun...(Crosstalk)
 I want to get to the next question. I'm sorry, because you can expand on your thought as part of this answer.I asked about raising taxes. It was almost like the Reagan round here. Everybody wanted to do that. I'm sure he was listening to that good thought.(Laughter)But let me ask you about something else that might be a negative in the upcoming campaign. Seriously.Would it be good for America to have Bill Clinton back living in the White House?(Laughter)
 No, I'm not.(Laughter)His wife's running, haven't you heard?
 Senator Brownback?
 Governor, Bill Clinton back in the White House?
 Well, we have a razorback ready to talk to you, the razorback from Arkansas.Should the Clintons come back to the White House, especially big Bill?Huckabee No one on this stage probably knows Hillary Clinton better than I do...
 OK.Congressman, Bill Clinton back home?
 Governor, should Bill Clinton be back in the White House? Is it good for America? I mean, it is a possibility here.
 Good clean-up, good clean-up hitting there.(Laughter)Senator?
 OK.Dr. Paul?
 Mayor Giuliani?
 Mr. Tancredo, last thought?
 You really think he's measuring the drapes, huh?Let me start with a question. In all seriousness, if you want to pass, please pass it. We don't have much time.Every president, if you look back to Ike, was elected to fill the problem of the previous president. We are, of course, correcting all the time in this country; it's how democracy works.How will you be different, in any way, from President George W. Bush?
 OK. I've got to go to Senator McCain.
 Mr. Gilmore?
 OK.Mr. Huckabee?We have to move. I'm sorry.
 I want to give everybody a shot.Mr. Huckabee, Governor?Huckabee I want to make sure that we went to a place where the states had more power and not centralized in the federal government.That's been a mistake of this administration, I think an honest and sincere one, but a huge mistake.And instead, we need to honor the Tenth Amendment, we need to remember that we are a nation of strong states and weak federal government, not strong federal centralized government and weak states.
 Congressman Hunter?
 Senator Brownback?
 Mr. Tancredo.
 Governor? Out of time. Governor Thompson then.
 Governor Thompson please?
 Mr. Giuliani?
 Dr. Paul?
 Good evening. And welcome to the third and last presidential debate of 2008, sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. I'm BobMODERATOR of CBS News.The rules tonight are simple. The subject is domestic policy. I will divide the next hour-and-a-half into nine-minute segments.I will ask a question at the beginning of each segment. Each candidate will then have two minutes to respond, and then we'll have a discussion.I'll encourage them to ask follow-up questions of each other. If they do not, I will.The audience behind me has promised to be quiet, except at this moment, when we welcome BarackWINNER and JohnLOSER.Gentlemen, welcome.By now, we've heard all the talking points, so let's try to tell the people tonight some things that they -- they haven't heard. Let's get to it.Another very bad day on Wall Street, as both of you know. Both of you proposed new plans this week to address the economic crisis.Sen.LOSER, you proposed a $52 billion plan that includes new tax cuts on capital gains, tax breaks for seniors, write-offs for stock losses, among other things.Sen.WINNER, you proposed $60 billion in tax cuts for middle- income and lower-income people, more tax breaks to create jobs, new spending for public works projects to create jobs.I will ask both of you Why is your plan better than his?Sen.LOSER, you go first.
 All right. Sen.WINNER?
 All right. Would you like to ask him a question?
 Is that what you want to do?
 All right. Let's go to another topic. It's related. So if you have other things you want to say, you can get back to that.This question goes to you first, Sen.WINNER.We found out yesterday that this year's deficit will reach an astounding record high $455 billion. Some experts say it could go to $1 trillion next year.Both of you have said you want to reduce the deficit, but the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget ran the numbers on both of your proposals and they say the cost of your proposals, even with the savings you claim can be made, each will add more than $200 billion to the deficit.Aren't you both ignoring reality? Won't some of the programs you are proposing have to be trimmed, postponed, even eliminated?Give us some specifics on what you're going to cut back.Sen.WINNER?
 But you're going to have to cut some of these programs, certainly.
 Time's up.Senator?
 But what...
 The question was, what are you going to cut?
 Which ones?
 Time's up.
 Time's up.
 Do either of you think you can balance the budget in four years? You have said previously you thought you could, Sen.LOSER.
 You can still do that?
 In four years?
 Barack.
 All right...
 OK. About 30 seconds.
 All right.
 All right. We're going to move to another question and the topic is leadership in this campaign. Both of you pledged to take the high road in this campaign yet it has turned very nasty.
 Sen.WINNER, your campaign has used words like "erratic," "out of touch," "lie," "angry," "losing his bearings" to describe Sen.LOSER.Sen.LOSER, your commercials have included words like "disrespectful," "dangerous," "dishonorable," "he lied." Your running mate said he "palled around with terrorists."Are each of you tonight willing to sit at this table and say to each other's face what your campaigns and the people in your campaigns have said about each other?And, Sen.LOSER, you're first.
 Time's up. All right.
 Go ahead.
 (inaudible)
 I mean, do you take issue with that?
 Short answer, yes, short answer.
 All right. I'm going to let you respond and we'll extend this for a moment.
 All right. Let's go to the next topic and you -- we may want to get back into some of this during this next discussion. I want to ask both of you about the people that you're going to bring into the government.And our best insight yet is who you have picked as your running mates.
 So I'll begin by asking both of you this question, and I'll ask you to answer first, Sen.WINNER. Why would the country be better off if your running mate became president rather than his running mate?
 Senator?
 Do you think she's qualified to be president?
 Do you think Sen. Biden is qualified?
 Let's go to -- let's go to a new topic. We're running a little behind.Let's talk about energy and climate control. Every president since Nixon has said what both of you...
 Climate change, yes -- has said what both of you have said, and, that is, we must reduce our dependence on foreign oil.When Nixon said it, we imported from 17 to 34 percent of our foreign oil. Now, we're importing more than 60 percent.Would each of you give us a number, a specific number of how much you believe we can reduce our foreign oil imports during your first term?And I believe the first question goes to you, Sen.LOSER.
 All right. Can we reduce our dependence on foreign oil and by how much in the first term, in four years?
 Senator?
 All right, let's go to a new topic, health care. Given the current economic situation, would either of you now favor controlling health care costs over expanding health care coverage? The question is first to Sen.WINNER.
 All right.Sen.LOSER?
 So that's your objective?
 What about that?
 All right. A short response.
 All right. Let's stop there and go to another question. And this one goes to Sen.LOSER. Sen.LOSER, you believe Roe v. Wade should be overturned. Sen.WINNER, you believe it shouldn't.Could either of you ever nominate someone to the Supreme Court who disagrees with you on this issue? Sen.LOSER?
 But you don't want Roe v. Wade to be overturned?
 But even if it was someone -- even someone who had a history of being for abortion rights, you would consider them?
 All right.
 Time's up.
 Response?
 Let's give Sen.LOSER a short response...
 ... and then...
 Let's stop there, because I want to get in a question on education and I'm afraid this is going to have to be our last question, gentlemen.The question is this the U.S. spends more per capita than any other country on education. Yet, by every international measurement, in math and science competence, from kindergarten through the 12th grade, we trail most of the countries of the world.The implications of this are clearly obvious. Some even say it poses a threat to our national security.Do you feel that way and what do you intend to do about it?The question to Sen.WINNER first.
 Sen.LOSER?
 Do you think the federal government should play a larger role in the schools? And I mean, more federal money?
 What about that, Senator?
 All right.
 All right.Gentlemen, we have come to the close. Before I ask both of you for your closing statements tonight, I'd like to invite our viewers and listeners to go to MyDebates.org, where you will find this evening's debates and the three that preceded tonight's debate.Now, for the final statements, by a coin toss, Sen.LOSER goes first.
 Senator?
 Good evening from Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee. I'm Tom Brokaw of NBC News. And welcome to this second presidential debate, sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates.Tonight's debate is the only one with a town hall format. The Gallup Organization chose 80 uncommitted voters from the Nashville area to be here with us tonight. And earlier today, each of them gave me a copy of their question for the candidates.From all of these questions -- and from tens of thousands submitted online -- I have selected a long list of excellent questions on domestic and foreign policy.Neither the commission nor the candidates have seen the questions. And although we won't be able to get to all of them tonight, we should have a wide-ranging discussion one month before the election.Each candidate will have two minutes to respond to a common question, and there will be a one-minute follow-up. The audience here in the hall has agreed to be polite, and attentive, no cheering or outbursts. Those of you at home, of course, are not so constrained.The only exception in the hall is right now, as it is my privilege to introduce the candidates, Senator BarackWINNER of Illinois and Senator JohnLOSER of Arizona.Gentlemen?Gentlemen, we want to get underway immediately, if we can. Since you last met at Ole Miss 12 days ago, the world has changed a great deal, and not for the better. We still don't know where the bottom is at this time.As you might expect, many of the questions that we have from here in the hall tonight and from online have to do with the American economy and, in fact, with global economic conditions.I understand that you flipped a coin.And, SenatorWINNER, you will begin tonight. And we're going to have our first question from over here in Section A from Alan Schaefer.Alan?QUESTION With the economy on the downturn and retired and older citizens and workers losing their incomes, what's the fastest, most positive solution to bail these people out of the economic ruin?
 SenatorLOSER?
 Senator, we have one minute for a discussion here. Obviously the powers of the treasury secretary have been greatly expanded. The most powerful officer in the cabinet now. Hank Paulson says he won't stay on. Who do you have in mind to appoint to that very important post?SenatorLOSER?
 No, with good reason.
 All right. SenatorLOSER -- SenatorWINNER, who do you have in mind for treasury secretary?
 SenatorWINNER, thank you very much.May I remind both of you, if I can, that we're operating under rules that you signed off on and when we have a discussion, it really is to be confined within about a minute or so.We're going to go now, SenatorLOSER, to the next question from you from the hall here, and it comes from Oliver Clark, who is over here in section F.Oliver?QUESTION Well, Senators, through this economic crisis, most of the people that I know have had a difficult time. And through this bailout package, I was wondering what it is that's going to actually help those people out.
 SenatorWINNER?
 SenatorWINNER, time for a discussion. I'm going to begin with you. Are you saying to Mr. Clark and to the other members of the American television audience that the American economy is going to get much worse before it gets better and they ought to be prepared for that?
 SenatorLOSER, in all candor, do you think the economy is going to get worse before it gets better?
 Thank you, SenatorLOSER.We're going to continue over in Section F, as it turns out.SenatorWINNER, this is a question from you from Theresa Finch.Theresa?QUESTION How can we trust either of you with our money when both parties got -- got us into this global economic crisis?
 SenatorLOSER?
 We've run out of time. We have this one-minute discussion period going on here.There are new economic realities out there that everyone in this hall and across this country understands that there are going to have to be some choices made. Health policies, energy policies, and entitlement reform, what are going to be your priorities in what order? Which of those will be your highest priority your first year in office and which will follow in sequence?SenatorLOSER?
 The three -- health care, energy, and entitlement reform Social Security and Medicare. In what order would you put them in terms of priorities?
 I'm trying to play by the rules that you all established. One minute for discussion.SenatorWINNER, if you would give us your list of priorities, there are some real questions about whether everything can be done at once.
 All right, gentlemen, I want to just remind you one more time about time. We're going to have a larger deficit than the federal government does if we don't get this under control here before too long.SenatorLOSER, for you, we have our first question from the Internet tonight. A child of the Depression, 78-year-old Fiora from Chicago.Since World War II, we have never been asked to sacrifice anything to help our country, except the blood of our heroic men and women. As president, what sacrifices -- sacrifices will you ask every American to make to help restore the American dream and to get out of the economic morass that we're now in?
 SenatorLOSER, thank you very much.SenatorWINNER?
 SenatorWINNER, as we begin, very quickly, our discussion period, President Bush, you'll remember, last summer, said that "Wall Street got drunk."A lot of people now look back and think the federal government got drunk and, in fact, the American consumers got drunk.How would you, as president, try to break those bad habits of too much debt and too much easy credit, specifically, across the board, for this country, not just at the federal level, but as a model for the rest of the country, as well?
 SenatorLOSER?
 SenatorWINNER, we have another question from the Internet.
 Well, look, guys, the rules were established by the two campaigns, we worked very hard on this. This will address, I think, the next question.
 There are lots of issues that we are going to be dealing with here tonight. And we have a question from Langdon in Ballston Spa, New York, and that's about huge unfunded obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and other entitlement programs that will soon eat up all of the revenue that's in place and then go into a deficit position.Since the rules are pretty loose here, I'm going to add my own to this one. Instead of having a discussion, let me ask you as a coda to that. Would you give Congress a date certain to reform Social Security and Medicare within two years after you take office? Because in a bipartisan way, everyone agrees, that's a big ticking time bomb that will eat us up maybe even more than the mortgage crisis.
 SenatorLOSER, two years for a reform of entitlement programs?
 And Medicare.
 SenatorLOSER, thank you very much. I'm going to stick by my part of the pact and not ask a follow-up here.The next question does come from the hall for SenatorLOSER. It comes from Section C over here, and it's from Ingrid Jackson.Ingrid?QUESTION SenatorLOSER, I want to know, we saw that Congress moved pretty fast in the face of an economic crisis. I want to know what you would do within the first two years to make sure that Congress moves fast as far as environmental issues, like climate change and green jobs?
 SenatorWINNER?
 Gentlemen, you may not have noticed, but we have lights around here. They have red and green and yellow and they are to signal...
 All right, Senator.Here's a follow-up to that, one-minute discussion. It's a simple question.
 Should we fund a Manhattan-like project that develops a nuclear bomb to deal with global energy and alternative energy or should we fund 100,000 garages across America, the kind of industry and innovation that developed Silicon Valley?
 Thank you very much, Senator.Next question for you, SenatorWINNER, and it comes from the E section over here and it's from Lindsey Trellow.Lindsey?QUESTION Senator, selling health care coverage in America as the marketable commodity has become a very profitable industry.Do you believe health care should be treated as a commodity?
 SenatorLOSER?
 Quick discussion. Is health care in America a privilege, a right, or a responsibility?SenatorLOSER?
 Privilege, right or responsibility. Let's start with that.
 Senator, we want to move on now. If we'd come back to the hall here, we're going to shift gears here a little bit and we're going to go to foreign policy and international matters, if we can...
 Phil Elliott is over here in this section, and Phil Elliott has a question for SenatorLOSER.Phil?QUESTION Yes. SenatorLOSER, how will all the recent economic stress affect our nation's ability to act as a peacemaker in the world?
 SenatorWINNER, the economic constraints on the U.S. military action around the world.
 SenatorWINNER, let me ask you if -- let's see if we can establish tonight theWINNER doctrine and theLOSER doctrine for the use of United States combat forces in situations where there's a humanitarian crisis, but it does not affect our national security.Take the Congo, where 4.5 million people have died since 1998, or take Rwanda in the earlier dreadful days, or Somalia.What is theWINNER doctrine for use of force that the United States would send when we don't have national security issues at stake?
 SenatorLOSER, theLOSER Doctrine, if you will.
 SenatorLOSER, thank you very much.Next question for SenatorWINNER, it comes from the F section and is from Katie Hamm. Katie?QUESTION Should the United States respect Pakistani sovereignty and not pursue al Qaeda terrorists who maintain bases there, or should we ignore their borders and pursue our enemies like we did in Cambodia during the Vietnam War?
 SenatorLOSER?
 SenatorLOSER...
 No, I know. So but I think we get at it...
 ... if I can, with this question.
 All right, let's have a follow-up.
 I'm just the hired help here, so, I mean...
 Yes, you get the...
 ... last word here, and then we have to move on.
 Can I get a quick response from the two of you about developments in Afghanistan this week? The senior British military commander, who is now leading there for a second tour, and their senior diplomatic presence there, Sherard Cowper-Coles, who is well known as an expert in the area, both have said that we're failing in Afghanistan.The commander said we cannot win there. We've got to get it down to a low level insurgency, let the Afghans take it over. Cowper-Coles said what we need is an acceptable dictator.If either of you becomes president, as one of you will, how do you reorganize Afghanistan's strategy or do you? Briefly, if you can.
 SenatorLOSER, briefly.
 SenatorLOSER, this question is for you from the Internet. It's from Alden in Hewitt, Texas.How can we apply pressure to Russia for humanitarian issues in an effective manner without starting another Cold War?
 SenatorWINNER.
 SenatorWINNER? We're winding down, so if we can keep track of the time.
 This requires only a yes or a no. Ronald Reagan famously said that the Soviet Union was the evil empire. Do you think that Russia under Vladimir Putin is an evil empire?
 SenatorLOSER?
 Maybe.
 All right. We're going to try to get in two more questions, if we can. So we have to move along. Over in section A, Terry Chary -- do I have that right, Terry? QUESTION Senator, as a retired Navy chief, my thoughts are often with those who serve our country. I know both candidates, both of you, expressed support for Israel.QUESTION If, despite your best diplomatic efforts, Iran attacks Israel, would you be willing to commit U.S. troops in support and defense of Israel? Or would you wait on approval from the U.N. Security Council?
 SenatorWINNER?
 All right, gentlemen, we've come to the last question.And you'll both be interested to know this comes from the Internet and it's from a state that you're strongly contesting, both of you. It's from Peggy in Amherst, New Hampshire. And it has a certain Zen-like quality, I'll give you a fair warning.She says, "What don't you know and how will you learn it?"SenatorWINNER, you get first crack at that.
 Thank you very much, SenatorLOSER.That concludes tonight's debate from here in Nashville. We want to thank our hosts here at Belmont University in Nashville and the Commission on Presidential Debates. And you're in my way of my script there, if you will move.In addition to everything else, there is one more presidential debate on Wednesday, October 15, at Hofstra University in New York, moderated by my friend, BobMODERATOR of "CBS News."Thank you, SenatorLOSER. Thank you, SenatorWINNER. Good night, everyone, from Nashville.You know, over the last 20 months, you've invited me into your homes. You've shared your stories with me. And you've confirmed once again the fundamental decency and generosity of the American people.And that's why I'm sure that our brighter days are still ahead.
 Gentlemen, at this very moment tonight, where do you stand on the financial recovery plan?First response to you, SenatorWINNER. You have two minutes.
 SenatorLOSER, two minutes.
 All right, let's go back to my question. How do you all stand on the recovery plan? And talk to each other about it. We've got five minutes. We can negotiate a deal right here.But, I mean, are you -- do you favor this plan, SenatorWINNER, and you, SenatorLOSER? Do you -- are you in favor of this plan?
 Are you going to vote for the plan, SenatorLOSER?
 As a United States senator...
 ... you're going to vote for the plan?
 Do you have something directly to say, SenatorWINNER, to SenatorLOSER about what he just said?
 Say it directly to him.
 Say it directly to him.
 I'm just determined to get you all to talk to each other. I'm going to try.
 So, SenatorLOSER, do you agree with what SenatorWINNER just said? And, if you don't, tell him what you disagree with.
 All right, let's go to the next lead question, which is essentially following up on this same subject.And you get two minutes to begin with, SenatorLOSER. And using your word "fundamental," are there fundamental differences between your approach and SenatorWINNER's approach to what you would do as president to lead this country out of the financial crisis?
 SenatorWINNER, two minutes.
 SenatorLOSER?
 No, that's fine.
 Respond directly to him about that, to SenatorWINNER about that, about the -- he's made it twice now, about your tax -- your policies about tax cuts.
 SenatorWINNER, you have a question for SenatorLOSER on that?
 All right.
 We've got to go to another lead question.
 All right. All right, speaking of things that both of you want, another lead question, and it has to do with the rescue -- the financial rescue thing that we started -- started asking about.And what -- and the first answer is to you, SenatorWINNER. As president, as a result of whatever financial rescue plan comes about and the billion, $700 billion, whatever it is it's going to cost, what are you going to have to give up, in terms of the priorities that you would bring as president of the United States, as a result of having to pay for the financial rescue plan?
 Are you -- what priorities would you adjust, as president, SenatorLOSER, because of the -- because of the financial bailout cost?
 But if I hear the two of you correctly neither one of you is suggesting any major changes in what you want to do as president as a result of the financial bailout? Is that what you're saying?
 Like what?
 Not willing to give that up?
 What I'm trying to get at this is this. Excuse me if I may, senator. Trying to get at that you all -- one of you is going to be the president of the United States come January. At the -- in the middle of a huge financial crisis that is yet to be resolved. And what I'm trying to get at is how this is going to affect you not in very specific -- small ways but in major ways and the approach to take as to the presidency.
 Spending freeze?
 Would you go for that?
 Before we go to another lead question. Let me figure out a way to ask the same question in a slightly different way here. Are you -- are you willing to acknowledge both of you that this financial crisis is going to affect the way you rule the country as president of the United States beyond the kinds of things that you have already -- I mean, is it a major move? Is it going to have a major affect?
 Quick response to SenatorWINNER.
 All right. Let's go another subject. Lead question, two minutes to you, senatorLOSER. Much has been said about the lessons of Vietnam. What do you see as the lessons of Iraq?
 Two minutes, how you see the lessons of Iraq, SenatorWINNER?
 Do you agree with that, the lesson of Iraq?
 Well, let's go at some of these things...
 What about that point?
 All right. What about that point?
 I know, OK, let's go to the latter point and we'll back up. The point about your not having been...
 SenatorWINNER...
 I have got a lot on the plate here...
 Let me see...
 Afghanistan, lead -- a new -- a new lead question. Now, having resolved Iraq, we'll move to Afghanistan.And it goes to you, SenatorWINNER, and it's a -- it picks up on a point that's already been made. Do you think more troops -- more U.S. troops should be sent to Afghanistan, how many, and when?
 Afghanistan, SenatorLOSER?
 New ...
 I have some good news and bad news for the two of you. You all are even on time, which is remarkable, considering we've been going at it ...
 I don't know about that. But the bad news is all my little five minute things have run over, so, anyhow, we'll adjust as we get there. But the amount of time is even.New lead question. And it goes two minutes to you, SenatorLOSER, what is your reading on the threat to Iran right now to the security of the United States?
 Two minutes on Iran, SenatorWINNER.
 Senator, what about talking?
 We're going to go to a new...
 New lead question.Russia, goes to you, two minutes, SenatorWINNER. How do you see the relationship with Russia? Do you see them as a competitor? Do you see them as an enemy? Do you see them as a potential partner?
 Two minutes on Russia, SenatorLOSER.
 You see any -- do you have a major difference with what he just said?
 We've got time for one more lead question segment. We're way out of...
 Quick response and then...
 Excuse me, Senator.
 All right.
 OK.
 One at a time, please.
 One at a time.
 This is the last -- last lead question. You have two minutes each. And the question is this, beginning with you, SenatorLOSER.What do you think the likelihood is that there would be another 9/11-type attack on the continental United States?
 Two minutes, SenatorWINNER.
 Do you agree there's much to be done in a new administration to restore...
 You see the same connections that SenatorLOSER does?
 Few seconds. We're almost finished.
 And that ends this debate tonight.On October 2, next Thursday, also at 900 p.m. Eastern time, the two vice presidential candidates will debate at Washington University in St. Louis. My PBS colleague, Gwen Ifill, will be the moderator.For now, from Oxford, Mississippi, thank you, senators, both. I'm JimMODERATOR Thank you, and good night.But we're going to have to invest in the American people again, in tax cuts for the middle class, in health care for all Americans, and college for every young person who wants to go. In businesses that can create the new energy economy of the future. In policies that will lift wages and will grow our middle class.These are the policies I have fought for my entire career. And these are the policies I want to bring to the White House.But it's not going to be easy. It's not going to be quick. It is going to be requiring all of us -- Democrats, Republicans, independents -- to come together and to renew a spirit of sacrifice and service and responsibility.I'm absolutely convinced we can do it. I would ask for your vote, and I promise you that if you give me the extraordinary honor of serving as your president, I will work every single day, tirelessly, on your behalf and on the behalf of the future of our children.Thank you very much.
 Good evening from the campus of Lynn University here in Boca Raton, Florida. This is the fourth and last debate of the 2012 campaign, brought to you by the Commission on Presidential Debates. This one is on foreign policy. I'm BobMODERATOR of CBS News.The questions are mine, and I have not shared them with the candidates or their aides. The audience has taken a vow of silence: no applause, no reaction of any kind, except right now, when we welcome President BarackWINNER and Governor Mitt Romney.They've asked me to divide the evening into segments. I'll pose a question at the beginning of each segment. You'll each have 2 minutes to respond, and then, we will have a general discussion until we move to the next segment.Tonight's debate, as both of you know, comes on the 50th anniversary of the night that President Kennedy told the world that the Soviet Union had installed nuclear missiles in Cuba, perhaps the closest we've ever come to nuclear war. And it is a sobering reminder that every President faces, at some point, an unexpected threat to our national security from abroad.So let's begin.The first segment is the challenge of a changing Middle East and the new face of terrorism. I'm going to put this into two segments, so you'll have two topic questions within this one segment on that subject. The first question, and it concerns Libya.Situation in the Middle East and North Africa/Al Qaida Terrorist OrganizationThe controversy over what happened there continues. Four Americans are dead, including an American Ambassador. Questions remain of what happened: What caused it? Was it spontaneous? Was it an intelligence failure? Was it a policy failure? Was there an attempt to mislead people about what really happened?Governor Romney, you said this was an example of an American policy in the Middle East that is unraveling before our very eyes. I'd like to hear each of you give your thoughts on that. Governor Romney, you won the toss; you go first.Republican Presidential Nominee W. Mitt Romney. Thank you, Bob. And thank you for agreeing to moderate this debate this evening. Thank you to Lynn University for welcoming us here. And, Mr. President, it's good to be with you again. We were together at a humorous event a little earlier, and it's nice to maybe be funny this time, not on purpose. We'll see what happens.This is obviously an area of great concern to the entire world and to America in particular, which is to see a complete change in the structure and the environment in the Middle East. With the Arab Spring came a great deal of hope that there would be a change towards more moderation, an opportunity for greater participation on the part of women in public life and in economic life in the Middle East. But instead, we've seen in nation after nation a number of disturbing events.Of course, we see in Syria 30,000 civilians having been killed by the military there. We see in Libya, an attack, apparently byI think we know nowby terrorists of some kind against our people there, four people dead. Our hearts and minds go to them.Mali has been taken overthe northern part of Maliby Al Qaida-type individuals. We have in Egypt a Muslim Brotherhood President. And so what we're seeing is a pretty dramatic reversal in the kind of hopes we had for that region. Of course, the greatest threat of all is Iran, 4 years closer to a nuclear weapon.And we're going to have to recognize that we have to do as the President has done; I congratulate him on taking out Usama bin Laden and going after the leadership in Al Qaida. But we can't kill our way out of this mess. We're going to have to put in place a very comprehensive and robust strategy to help the world of Islam and other parts of the world reject this radical, violent extremism, which isit's certainly not on the run. It's certainly not hiding. This is a group that is now involved in 10 or 12 countries. And it presents an enormous threat to our friends, to the world, to America long term, and we must have a comprehensive strategy to help reject this kind of extremism.
 Mr. President.Counterterrorism Efforts/Libya
 Well, let's see what the
 We'll get to that. But let's give the President a chance.Governor Romney's Foreign Policy Agenda
 I'm going to add a couple of minutes here to give you a chance to respond.Situation in the Middle East/Russia/Iraq
 You know what, let him answer, please.The President's. Foreign Policy Agenda
 All right.
 Let me interject the second topic question in this segment about the Middle East and so on. And that is, you both mentionedalluded to this, and that is Syria.SyriaThe war in Syria has now spilled over into Lebanon. We have, what, more than a hundred people that were killed there in a bomb. There were demonstrations there, eight people dead. Mr. President, it's been more than a year since you sawyou told Asad he had to go. Since then, 30,000 Syrians have died. We've had 300,000 refugees. The war goes on; he's still there. Should we reassess our policy and see if we can find a better way to influence events there? Or is that even possible? And it's youyou go first, sir.
 Governor.
 All right.Syria/Libya
 Governor, can I just ask you, would you go beyond what the administration would do? Like, for example, would you put in no-fly zones over Syria?Syria
 Could we get a quick response, Mr. President? Because I want to ask about Egypt.
 May I ask you, during the Egyptian turmoil, there came a point when you said it was time for President Mubarak to go.
 Some in your administration thought perhaps we should have waited a while on that. Do you have any regrets about that?
 Governor Romney, I want to hear your response to that. But I would just ask you, would you have stuck with Mubarak?Arab Spring/National Economy/U.S. Global Influence
 All right.
 You're going to get a chance to respond to that because that's a perfect segue into our next segment, and that is, what is America's role in the world? And that is the question: What do each of you see as our role in the world? And I believe, Governor Romney, it's your turn to go first.Governor Romney's Foreign Policy Agenda/National Economy/U.S. Armed Forces
 Mr. President.The President's Foreign Policy Agenda/National Economy
 Governor Romney, wrong and reckless policies?
 Let me get back to foreign policy.
 Can I just get back to
 Okay.Education
 Gentlemen.
 All right.
 Governor
 Let me justI want to try to shift it, because we have heard some of this in the other debates. Governor, you say you want a bigger military, you want a bigger Navy. You don't want to cut defense spending. What I want to ask youwe're talking about financial problems in this countrywhere are you going to get the money?
 But can you do this without driving us deeper into debt?
 Can he do that, Mr. President?
 Let
 Well, that's what I'm trying to find out about.Military Budget/Deficit and National Debt
 All right.
 About 30 seconds.
 All right.
 A lot to cover. I'd like to move to the next segment: Red lines: Israel and Iran. Would either of youand you'll have 2 minutes, and, PresidentWINNER, you have the first go at this one. Would either of you be willing to declare that an attack on Israel is an attack on the United States, which, of course, is the same promise that we give to our close allies like Japan? And if you made such a declaration, would not that deter Iran? It's certainly deterred the Soviet Union for a long, long time when we made that promise to our allies.Mr. President.
 So you're saying we've already made that declaration?
 Two minutes.
 Let me ask both of you, there areas you know, there are reports that Iran and the United States, as part of an international group, have agreed in principle to talks about Iran's nuclear program. What is the dealif there are such talkswhat is the deal that you would accept?Mr. President.
 All right.
 Governor.
 What if the Prime Minister of Israel called you on the phone and said: "Our bombers are on the way. We're going to bomb Iran"? What do you say?
 So you say it just wouldn't happen.
 Okay, well, let's see what
 All right.Governor Romney's Foreign Policy Agenda/The President's Foreign Policy Agenda
 All right.
 All right, let's go. And that leads usthis takes us right to the next segment, Governor, America's longest war, Afghanistan and Pakistan
 Governor, you get to go first here.
 You can'tokay, but you can't have the President just lay out a whole series of items without giving me a chance to respond.
 Well, with respect, sir, you had laid out quite a program there.
 And we'll give you
 We'll catch up. The United States is scheduled to turn over responsibility for security in Afghanistan to the Afghan Government in 2014. At that point we will withdraw our combat troops, leave a smaller force of Americansif I understand our policyin Afghanistan for training purposes. It seems to me the key question here is what do you do if the deadline arrives and it is obvious the Afghans are unable to handle their security? Do we still leave? And I believe, Governor Romney, you go first.
 Mr. President.
 All right, let me go to Governor Romney, because you talked about Pakistan and what needs to be done there. General Allen, our commander in Afghanistan, says that Americans continue to die at the hands of groups who are supported by Pakistan. We know that Pakistan has arrested the doctor who helped us catchWINNERsbin Laden. It still provides safe haven for terrorists. Yet we continue to give Pakistan billions of dollars. Is it time for us to divorce Pakistan?
 Let me ask you, Governorbecause we know PresidentWINNER's position on thiswhat is your position on the use of drones?
 Let's go to the next segment, because it's a very important one. It is the rise of China and future challenges for America. I want to just begin this by asking both of youand, Mr. President, you go first this timewhat do you believe is the greatest future threat to the national security of this country?
 All right. Governor.
 Well, Governor, let me just ask you, if you declare them a currency manipulator on day one, some people aresay you're just going to start a trade war with China on day one. Is thatisn't there a risk that that could happen?
 Governor
 I think we all love teachers. [Laughter]Gentlemen, thank you so much for a very vigorous debate. We have come to the end. It is time for closing statements. I believe you're first, Mr. President.Closing Statements
 Governor.
 Mr. President.Job Creation and Growth/Education/Domestic Energy Sources/Deficit and National Debt
 Let me ask you for a more immediate answer, beginning with Mr. Romney. Just quickly, what can you do? We're looking at a situation where 40 percent of the unemployed have been unemployed for 6 months or more. They don't have the 2 years that Jeremy has. What about those long-term unemployed who need a job right now?
 Let me give the President a chance. Go ahead.
 Mr. President, the next question is going to be for you here. And Mr. RomneyGovernor Romney, there'll be plenty of chances here to go on, but I want to
 we have all these folksI will let you absolutely
 Okay. We'llyou certainly will have lots of time here coming up, because I want to move you on to something that's sort of connected to cars here and go overand we want to get a question from Phillip Tricolla.Domestic Energy Sources/Alternative Energy Sources
 Governor, on the subject of gas prices?
 Mr. President, let me just see if I can move you to the gist of this question, which is, are we looking at the new normal? I can tell you that tomorrow morning a lot of people in Hempstead will wake up and fill up and they will find that the price of gas is over $4 a gallon. Is it within the purview of the Government to bring those prices down, or are we looking at the new normal?
 Let me give
 Mr. President, could you addressbecause we did finally get to gas prices herecould you address what the Governor said, which is if your energy policy was working, the price of gasoline would not be $4 a gallon here. Is that true?
 Mr. President
 I got to move you along.
 And the next question is for you.
 Actually, in the follow-up it doesn't quite work like that. [Laughter]
 But I'm going to give you a chance here. I promise you, I'm going to. And the next question is for you, so if you want to continue on. But I don't want to leave all these guys sitting here, so
 Okay.
 And you'reokay. Thank you, Governor.
 We're going to move you along to taxes.
 All right, we're going to move you both along to taxes over here and all these folks that have been waiting. Governor, this question is for you. It comes from Mary PolonoPolano, sorry.
 Thanks, Governor.
 Governor Romney, I'm sure you've got a reply there. [Laughter]Tax Rates/Job Creation and Growth
 Governor, let me ask the President something about what you just said. The Governor says that he is not going to allow the top 5 percentI believe is what he saidto have a tax cut, that it will all even out, that what he wants to do is give that tax cut to the middle class. Settled?Budgetary Effects of Tax Cuts
 Governor Romney, pay equity for women.Gender Discrimination/Wage Equality/National Economy
 Governor
 Mr. President, why don't you get in on this quickly, please?
 Mr. President
 I want to move us along here to Susan Katz who has a question. And, Governor, it's for you.Contraception and Family Planning/Administration of Former President George W. Bush/Energy/Trade/Federal Budget/Small Business Promotion Efforts
 The timekeepers are all working.
 And let me tell you that the last part, it's for the two of you to talk to one another, and it isn't quite as ordered as you think. But go ahead and use this 2 minutes any way you'd like to, the question is on the floor.
 Thanks, Governor.Mr. President.Job Creation and Growth/Governor Romney's Economic and Social Platforms
 I want to move you both along to the next question because it's in the same wheelhouse so you will be able to respond. But the President does get this question. I want to call on Michael Jones.The President's Accomplishments/Governor Romney's Economic and Social Platforms
 Mr. President, let me let
 Mr. President, thank you.Governor.Economic Concerns/Unemployment Rate
 Governor, I want to move you along. Don't go away, and we'll have plenty of time to respond. We are quite aware of the clock for both of you. But I want to bring in a different subject here. Mr. President, I'll be right back with you. Lorraine Osario has a question for you about a topic we have not heard.
 Yes, this is for Governor Romney, and we'll be right with you, Mr. President. Thanks.
 Let me get the Governor in here, Mr. President. Let's speak to, if you could, Governor
 the idea of self-deportation.Arizona's Illegal Immigrant Enforcement Legislation/Immigration Reform/Investment in Foreign Firms
 I'm sorry
 Go ahead and finish, Governor Romney. Governor Romney, if you could make it short. See all these people, they've been waiting for you. Could you make it short and then
 We are sort of way off topic here, Governor Romney.
 We are completely off immigration.
 And we'vequickly, Mr. President
 If I could have you sit down, Governor Romney. Thank you.Arizona's Illegal Immigrant Enforcement Legislation/Immigration Reform
 Mr. President, let me move you on here, please. Mr. President
 Don't go away, though.
 Right. Don't go away, because
 I want you to talk to Kerry Ladka, who has awants to switch a topic for us.
 Mr. President, I've got to move us along.Governor.Attack on U.S. Mission in Benghazi, Libya/National Security
 Because we're closing in, I want to still get a lot of people in. I want to ask you something, Mr. President, and then have the Governor just quickly. Your Secretary of State, as I'm sure you know, has said that she takes full responsibility for the attack on the diplomatic mission in Benghazi. Does the buck stop with your Secretary of State, as far as what went on here?Attack on U.S. Mission in Benghazi, Libya
 Governor, if you want to reply just quickly to this please.Attack on U.S. Mission in Benghazi, Libya/The President's Remarks of September 12, 2012
 He did, in fact, sir. So let mecall it an act of terror in the Rose Garden. He used the word
 He did call it an act of terror. It did, as well, take 2 weeks or so for the whole idea of there being a riot out there about this tape to come out. You are correct about that.
 They did.
 Mr. President, let meI know youabsolutely. But I want to move you on.
 And also, people can go to the transcripts and
 figure out what was said and when.
 Because what I want to do, Mr. President, stand there for a second, because I want to introduce you to Nina Gonzalez, who brought up a question that we hear a lot both over the Internet and from this crowd.Second Amendment Rights/Gun Control/Reducing Community Violence
 Governor Romney, the question is about assault weapons, AK-47s.Gun Control/Reducing Community Violence/Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives' Fast and Furious Program
 Governor, Governor, if I could, the question was about these assault weapons that once were banned and are no longer banned. I know that you signed an assault weapons ban when you were in Massachusetts. Obviously, with this question, you no longer do support that. Why is that? Given the kind of violence that we see, sometimes with these mass killings, why is that, that you've changed your mind?
 So if I couldif you could get people to agree to it, you'd be for it?
 Go ahead, Mr. President.Gun Control/Reducing Community Violence
 Mr. President, I have to move you along here.
 You said you wanted to hear this question, so we need to do it here.
 One
 The question, of course, Mr. President, was guns here, so I need to move us along.
 The question was guns, so let me bring in another
 I understand.
 Okay. Thank you so much.I want to ask Carol Goldberg to stand up because she gets to a question that both these men have been passionate about. It's for Governor Romney.Global Competitiveness/Chinese Monetary Policy
 Mr. President, 2 minutes here because we are then going to go to our last question.Corporate Tax Reform/Global Competitiveness
 Mr. President, we have a really short time for a quick discussion here. iPad, the Macs, the iPhones, they are all manufactured in China. One of the major reasons is labor is so much cheaper here. How do you convince a great American company to bring that manufacturing back here?Chinese Monetary Policy/Global Competitiveness
 Let me go to theLOSERis completely false. Let me tell you.
 Let me go to the President here because we really are
 because we really are running out of time. And the question is, can we ever getwe can't get wages like that. It can't be sustained here.Manufacturing Industry/Global Competitiveness
 Thanks, Mr. President.
 Governor Romney.
 Governor Romney, I want to introduce you to Barry Green because he's going to have the last question to you first.
 Governor.
 Mr. President, last 2 minutes belong to you.
 PresidentWINNER, Governor Romney, thank you for being here tonight.On that note, we have come to an end of this town hall debate. Our thanks to the participants for their time and to the people of Hofstra University for their hospitality.The next and final debate takes place Monday night at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Florida. Don't forget to watch. Election Day is 3 weeks from today. Don't forget to vote. Goodnight.I also to want to make sure that we get this economy going. And there are two very different paths the country can take. One is a path represented by the President, which, at the end of 4 years, would mean we'd have $20 trillion in debt, heading towards Greece. I'll get us on track to a balanced budget.The President's path will mean continuing declining in take-home pay. I want to make sure our take-home pay turns around and starts to grow. The President's path means 20 million people out of work, struggling for a good job. I'll get people back to work with 12 million new jobs.I'm going to make sure that we get people off of food stamps, not by cutting the program, but by getting them good jobs. America is going to come back, and for that to happen, we're going to have to have a President who can work across the aisle.I was in a State where my legislature was 87-percent Democrat. I learned how to get along on the other side of the aisle. We've got to do that in Washington. Washington is broken. I know what it takes to get this country back, and we'll work with good Democrats and good Republicans to do that.This Nation is the hope of the Earth. We've been blessed by having a nation that's free and prosperous thanks to the contributions of the greatest generation. They've held a torch for the world to see, a torch of freedom and hope and opportunity. Now it's our turn to take that torch. I'm convinced we'll do it.We need strong leadership. I'd like to be that leader, with your support. I'll work with you. I'll lead you in an open and honest way. And I ask for your vote. I'd like to be the next President of the United States to support and help this great Nation, and to make sure that we all together maintain America as the hope of the Earth. Thank you so much.
 Gentlemen, thank you both so much. That brings an end to this year's debates. And we want to thank Lynn University and its students for having us. As I always do at the end of these debates, I leave you with the words of my mom, who said, go vote. [Laughter] It makes you feel big and strong.
 Good night.JimMODERATOR. Good evening from the Magness Arena at the University of Denver, in Denver, Colorado. I'm JimMODERATOR of the PBS NewsHour, and I welcome you to the first of the 2012 Presidential Debates between President BarackWINNER, the Democratic nominee, and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee.This debate and the next threetwo Presidential, one Vice Presidentialare sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. Tonight's 90 minutes will be about domestic issues and will follow a format designed by the Commission. There will be six roughly 15-minute segments, with 2-minute answers for the first question, then open discussion for the remainder of each segment.Thousands of people offered suggestions on segment subjects or questions via the Internet and other means, but I made the final selections. And for the record, they were not submitted for approval to the Commission or the candidates.The segments, as I announced in advance, will be three on the economy and one each on health care, the role of Government, and governing, with an emphasis throughout on differences, specifics, and choices. Both candidates will also have 2-minute closing statements.The audience here in the hall has promised to remain silent. No cheers, applause, boos, hisses, among other noisy, distracting things so we may all concentrate on what the candidates have to say.There is a noise exception right now, though, as we welcome PresidentWINNER and Governor Romney.National EconomyGentlemen, welcome to you both. Let's start the economy, segment one, and let's begin with jobs. What are the major differences between the two of you about how you would go about creating new jobs? You have 2 minuteseach of you have 2 minutes to start. A coin toss has determined, Mr. President, you go first.
 Governor Romney, 2 minutes.Republican Presidential Nominee W. Mitt Romney. Thank you, Jim. It's an honor to be here with you, and I appreciate the chance to be withWINNER I'm pleased to be at the University of Denver, I appreciate their welcome, and also the Presidential Commission on these debates.And congratulations to you, Mr. President, on your anniversary. I'm sure this was the most romantic place you could imagine, here with me. So I[laughter]congratulations.This is obviously a very tender topic. I've had the occasion over the last couple of years of meeting people across the country. I was in Dayton, Ohio, and a woman grabbed my arm and she said, I've been out of work since May, can you help me? Ann yesterday was at a rally in Denver, and a woman came up to her with a baby in her arms and said, Ann, my husband has had four jobs in 3 years, part-time jobs. He's lost his most recent job, and we've now just lost our home. Can you help us?And the answer is, yes, we can help, but it's going to take a different path, not the one we've been on, not the one the President describes as a top-down, cut taxes for the rich; that's not what I'm going to do. My plan has five basic parts: One, get us energy independent, North American energy independent. That creates about 4 million jobs. Number two, open up more trade, particularly in Latin America; crack down on China if and when they cheat. Number three, make sure our people have the skills they need to succeed and the best schools in the world; we are far away from that now. Number four, get us to a balanced budget. Number five, champion small business.It's small business that creates the jobs in America. And over the last 4 years, small-businesspeople have decided that America may not be the place to open a new business, because new business startups are down to a 30-year low. I know what it takes to get small business growing again, to hire people.Now, I'm concerned that the path that we're on has just been unsuccessful. The President has a view very similar to the view he had when he ran 4 years ago: that a bigger Government spending more, taxing more, regulating moreif you will, trickle-down Governmentwould work. That's not the right answer for America. I'll restore the vitality that gets America working again. Thank you.Education/Tax Code Reform/Energy
 Mr. President, please respond directly to what the Governor just said about trickle downhis trickle-down approach, as he said yours is.
 Both of you have spoken about a lot of different things. And we're going to try to get through them in as specific a way as we possibly can. But first, Governor Romney, do you have a question that you'd like to ask the President directly about something he just said?
 Mr. President.
 All right, what is the difference? Let's just stay on taxes for a
 Let's just stay on taxes for a moment here.
 What is the difference?
 All right. Go ahead.
 All right, that's where we started.Mr. Romney. This is about getting jobs for the American people.Tax Code Reform/Small Business Promotion
 Yes. Do you challenge what the Governor just said about his own plan?
 All right.
 Just for the record
 Excuse me, just so everybody understands, we're way over our first 15 minutes.
 It's okay. It's great.
 Great, no problem. As long as you all don't have a problem, I don't have a problem.
 Because we're still on the economy. We're going to come back to taxes, and we're going to move on to the deficit and a lot of other things too. But go ahead, sir.
 Well, you're going to get the first part in the next segment.
 That's not how it works.
 All right.
 All right, let's talk specifics. We're still on the economy. This is theoretically now a second segment, still on the economy, and specifically on what to do about the Federal deficit, the Federal debt. And the questionyou each have 2 minutes on this. And Governor Romney, you go first because the President went first on segment one.
 And the question is this: What are the differences between the two of you as to how you would go about tackling the deficit problem in this country?
 Mr. President, 2 minutes.
 Simpson-Bowles
 Mr. President, sorry. Way over the 2 minutes.
 Governor, what about Simpson-Bowles? Will you support Simpson-Bowles?
 No, I mean do you support -Simpson-Bowles?
 Let's let him answer the taxes thing for a moment.
 Mr. President.
 No, about the idea that in order to reduce the deficit, there has to be revenue in addition to cuts.
 Is thatthat's true, right?
 Completely?
 Okay.
 Yes, but, Mr. President, you're saying in order to get the job done, it's got to be balanced.
 Come back to Medicaid, yes.
 Let's just
 Let's go. Two seconds
 Two seconds and we're going on, still on the economy, but another part of it. All right, this is segment three, the economy. Entitlements, first answer goes to you, two minutes, Mr. President. Do you see a major difference between the two of you on Social Security?
 We'll follow up on this. First, Governor Romney, you have 2 minutes on Social Security and entitlements.
 Mr. President.
 And you don't support that?
 We'll talk aboutspecifically about health care in a moment. But whatdo you support the voucher system, Governor?
 What about the voucher
 All right.
 Okay.
 We'll talk about that in a minute.
 Okay.
 Yes, we're going toyes, I want to get to it.
 But all I want to do is very quickly
 before we leave the economy
 No, no, no
 All right.
 Wait a minute, Governor. Wait
 Can wecan the two of you agree that the voters have a choice, a clear choice between the two of you on Medicare?
 All right. So to finish quickly, briefly on the economy, what is your view about the level of Federal regulation of the economy right now? Is there too much? And in your case, Mr. President, is thereshould there be more? Beginning with youthis is not a new 2-minute segment. Just start, and we'll go for a few minutes, and then we're going to go to health care, okay?
 Is it successing now, do you think?
 Like where? Let me know. Give me
 You want to repeal Dodd-Frank?
 Okay. All right.
 Well, there's a specific
 Let's get to theexcuse me
 No, no, let's not.
 Let's let him respond to this specific on Dodd-Frank and what the Governor just said.
 All right
 Okay
 All right. I think we have another clear difference between the two of you. Now let's move to health care, where I know there is a clear difference[laughter]and that has to do with the Affordable Care ActWINNERcare. And it's a 2-minute new segment, and that means 2 minutes each. And you go first, Governor Romney. You want it repealed. You want the Affordable Care Act repealed. Why?
 Mr. President, the argument against repeal.
 Two minutes is up, sir.
 Your 5 seconds went away a long time ago. [Laughter]
 All right, Governor, tell the President directly why you think what he just said is wrong aboutWINNERcare.
 Let's let the Governor explain what you would do ifWINNERcare is repealed. How would you replace it? What do you have in mind?
 All right. Let's
 We're going to move to
 Well, butTax Code Reform/Preexisting Medical Conditions
 That is a terrific segue to our next segment, and it's the role of Government. And let's see, role of Government, and it isyou are first on this, Mr. President.And the question is this: Do you believeboth of you, but you have the first 2 minutes on this, Mr. Presidentdo you believe there's a fundamental difference between the two of you as to how you view the mission of the Federal Government?
 Two minutes, Governor, on the role of Government. Your view?
 All right, let's go through some specifics in terms of whathow each of you views the role of Government. How doeducation: Does the Federal Government have a responsibility to improve the quality of public education in America?
 How do you see the Federal Government's responsibility to, as I say, to improve the quality of public education in this country?
 Do you think you have a difference with your views and those of Governor Romney onabout education and the Federal Government?
 Do you agree, Governor?
 Okay, now
 We're running out of time, gentlemen
 so I think you have a chanceyes, respond to that. Yes, sir, Governor.
 All right, gentlemen
 Excuse me, one second.
 Excuse me, sir. We've gotwe barely have 3 minutes left. I'm not going to grade the two of you and say your answers have been too long or I've done a poor job
 Oh, well, no. But the fact is, Governmentthe role of Government and governingwe've lost a pod, in other words. So we only have 3 minutes left in the debate before we go to your closing statements. And so I want to ask, finally, hereand remember, we've got 3 minutes total time here. And the question is this: Many of the legislative functions of the Federal Government right now are in a state of paralysis as a result of partisan gridlock. If elected, in your caseif reelected, in your casewhat would you do about that? Governor?
 What would you do as President?
 Mr. President.
 That brings us to closing statements. There was a coin toss. Governor Romney, you won the toss and you elected to go last. So you have a closing 2 minutes, Mr. President.
 Governor Romney, your 2-minute closing.
 Gentlemen, I want to ask you to take your seats. I'll take a moment now to explain to you how our debate will work.I'll question the candidates, as well as we'll also take some questions from members of our audience. I'll follow up and guide tonight's discussion.Candidates, we're going to try to make sure each of you get your fair amount of questions. And you'll have a minute to answer and 30 seconds for rebuttal and follow-ups. And if you're singled out for a particular criticism, I'll make sure you get a chance to respond.Now we're going to have each of the candidates introduce themselves. And so we have more time to debate tonight, we're going to ask them to keep it short.Here's an example. I'm JohnMODERATOR from CNN. I'm honored to be your moderator tonight and I'm thrilled to be in a state that reminds us baseball season is just around the corner.
 Congressman Paul, we begin with you, sir.
 Gentlemen, it's good to see you again.Let's get started on the important issues with a question from our audience.Sir, please tell us who you are and state your question.
 Thank you, sir.Senator Santorum, let's begin with you.
 Governor Romney, I'm wondering if that answer satisfied you? Just in recent days you said this, quote, "If you want a fiscal conservative, you can't vote for Rick Santorum because he's not." Did he answer your questions there?
 Senator, the governor singled you out. Take a few seconds.
 Governor, please quickly I want to bring the congressman and the speaker into the conversation, but respond.
 Mr. Speaker...Mr. Speaker, join the conversation. Address Gilbert's question and if you so choose, address some criticism you've received on this issue from this state's senior Senator campaigning for governor Romney. He questioned your credentials on fiscal conservatism. He said when you were the speaker, earmarMODERATOR became an art.
 Congressman Paul, you've questioned the conservative  fiscal conservative credentials of all these gentlemen but particularly this week Senator Santorum. You have a new television ad that labels him a fake. Why?
 Senator Santorum, respond quickly.
 Congressman, quickly.
 As you can see, this is a  it's an important issue to the people in the audience. I think it's one of the reasons this race has been so volatile. Voters are looMODERATOR and they say which of these candidates can I trust? And each of you are trying to make your case to them.As you try to do so, Governor Romney, you said recently that as governor you're a severely conservative governor of Massachusetts. What did you mean by that?
 Mr. Speaker, as you know, often when deficit reduction  when deficit reduction and economic growth are priorities at the same time, some people see a collision. Some people see a conflict. You've outlined your views on taxes. Governor Romney today outlined a tax plan that would cut the  put the top rate at 28 percent, eliminate capital gain taxes for incomes below $200,000, cut the corporate tax rate to 25 percent.Is that the right approach? And is it consistent  and it's a tough one sometimes  with spurring economic growth at a time this state and other states are looMODERATOR for jobs? But as you have Gilbert's question, also looMODERATOR to make sure the next president works on the deficit?
 The Speaker raises an important point about looMODERATOR forward, and I hope we spend most of the night doing that. But as you know, there's a lot of anger in the base of the party about some of the things that have happened in the past, and the Tea Party, especially.Now, earmarks, the pork barrel spending, it's a tiny slice of the budget. I think we all know that. But if you talk to a Tea Party activist, they think  an example, a gateway to corruption.Senator, you have said there are good earmarks and bad earmarks. And you have talked about your earmarks in the past. Any that you specifically regret? And why have you criticized  why do you think the money that went to Governor Romney for security at the Olympics, why was that a bad earmark?
 Governor?
 Quickly.
 Mr. Speaker, you were referenced by the governor, you first, then Congressman Paul.Don't worry. We'll get to you, Congressman. I promise. [booing]
 Congressman Paul, answer Senator Santorum, please, sir.
 Let's take another important economic question. This one comes to us from CNNPolitics.com, and you can see it in the audience up on the board here."Why was George W. Bush wrong in his efforts to save the auto industry and why was Barack Obama wrong to continue the effort?"Senator Santorum, I want to go to you first with this question. You, like your friends on the stage tonight, opposed the auto bailout. Michigan votes on Tuesday, along with Arizona. We assume folks are watching there tonight. Address your answer to an auto worker who may believe strongly that he or she has that job tonight because of the help  the bailout?
 Governor?
 Governor let me ask you......you  you mentioned  you mentioned President Bush's position on the Wall Street bail out. If you talk to people in the Bush administration at the time, they say they would have preferred the structured bankruptcy route that you talked about, but that there was no private capital available. That nobody would give the auto companies money and that their choice they say at the time, was to either give the government money or have them liquidate.
 Mr. Speaker  one second.
 Mr. Speaker, come in on the conversation. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a major American industry, in a time of trouble.
 That's not tough, you say.
 Congressman Paul, as you join the conversation, the criticism of President Obama here, but I also want you to address the state's current Republican governor, Rick Snyder, who supports Mitt Romney, but that's irrelevant to this point. He says, "The bailout actually was something that really worked."Is that Republican governor wrong?
 All right.We're off to a good start, Gentlemen. We're going to take our first break of the evening.In a moment, our Republican presidential debate here in Arizona continues. A lot more ground to cover, including two issues that are dominating the discussion here in Arizona in recent days, immigration and faith.
 Welcome back to the Mesa Arts Center and the Arizona Republican Presidential debate. Let's get right back to questioning the four contenders for the Republican nomination. We take a question now from cnnpolitics.com. You can see it up on the screen here.Since birth control is the latest hot topic, which candidate believes in birth control, and if not, why? As you can see  it's a  it's a very popular question in the audience, as we can see. Look, we're not going to spend a ton of time on this but it is  please.
 Sure.UNIDENTIFIED MALE These guys are giving you some feedback here, John.
 I see that. I see that.UNIDENTIFIED MALE I think they're maMODERATOR it very clear.
 Sure is.
 So let's focus the time  let's focus the time we spend on this on the role of the president and your personal views and question the role of government.And Senator Santorum, this has come up  yes, it has come up because of the president's decision in the campaign. It's also come up because of some of the things you have said on the campaign trail. When you were campaigning in Iowa, you told an evangelical blog, if elected, you will talk about what, quote, "no president has talked about before  the dangers of contraception." Why?
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor, please.
 It's an issue on which all of you have criticism on the Obama administration, it's an issue on which some of you have also criticized each other.Governor Romney, both Senator Santorum and Speaker Gingrich have said during your tenure as governor, you required Catholic hospitals to provide emergency contraception to rape victims.And Mr. Speaker, you compared the president to President Obama, saying he infringed on Catholics' rights.Governor, did you do that?
 Mr. Speaker?
 Congressman, please.
 Senator Santorum?
 Senator [sic], go ahead.
 Governor  Governor, take 30 seconds to respond and then I want to move the conversation on.
 I hope not.
 Senator please, quickly?
 Let's move the conversation along  let's move the conversation along and take a question from a voter down here in our audience. All right, Sir identify yourself and ask your question please?QUESTION Gentleman my name is Jerry Lott and I'm from Key Man, Arizona. It seems that Arizona has come under federal attack just for wanting to secure its southern border. What will you and your administrations do to fix the situation? To secure our border and to protect the American people?
 Congressman Paul, I want to go to you first on this one. You're from a border state. As you answer Gary's question, a recent federal analysis says the cost of secure fencing, which they have a good deal of the border along this state, would cost about $3 million per mile. Is that a good investment? Money well spent?
 Mr. Speaker, the fence has been a point of contention in the race. And one of your high-profile supporters, a gentleman who's been up here during this campaign, Governor Rick Perry of Texas, is here tonight. He said this if you build a 30-foot wall from El Paso to Brownsville, the 35-foot ladder business gets really good.You signed a pledge to construct a double fence. Why is Governor Perry wrong?
 Governor Romney, the border security is part of the equation, what to do about whether it's 8 million or 11 million illegal immigrants in the country now is another part of the equation. And Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who's with us tonight from Maricopa County  he's in the audience  he told me  he told me this week here in Mesa  these are his words  "it's called political garbage, if you will, to not arrest illegals already in this country."You've talked to the governor about self-deportation, if businesses do their job, asMODERATOR for the right documents, the people will leave. What about arresting? Should there be aggressive, seek them out, find them and arrest them as the Sheriff Arpaio advocates?
 Senator Santorum, we had the conversation about the border and the fence. Governor Romney talks about E-Verify, maMODERATOR sure business is doing their part of the equation.What about the individual? You said in our last debate employers should be sanctioned, as Governor Romney just said, if they hire illegal immigrants. About a quarter of all workers in private households are undocumented.What about the homeowner who hires somebody as a household cleaning worker, as a nanny, perhaps? Does that person  if you're going to be consistent, have enforcement across the board, should that person be sanctioned?
 It's a tough policy question, obviously, and this state has been part of the driving force. It also becomes  especially for four gentlemen who would like to be the next president of the United States, it's a difficult political question in the sense that the Latino population is the fastest-growing demographic in our country.And some Republicans  some Republicans  Marco Rubio, for example, the senator from Florida that all of you have complimented, said  could be a leading force in your administration if you're elected  he said this recently. He says he worries that some of the rhetoric used by Republican politicians on this issue has been harsh, intolerable, inexcusable.Mr. Speaker, is he right?
 All right, Gentlemen. We're going to take another quick break.Our Arizona Republican presidential debate will continue in a moment, but here's a question. One of these men could be president just 11 months from now. How would they deal with threats from Iran and North Korea? Plus, a great question sent to us at CNNPolitics.com. Define yourself using one word, Gentlemen, and one word only.Can the candidates keep it that short? Stick around and find out.
 That was a good exercise. Let's move our conversation now 
 Let's move our conversation now to the important responsibilities one of you gentlemen could have in just 11 months as the commander-in-chief of the United States.And Governor Romney, I want to ask you first, 11 months from now, if you're successful, you would be our commander-in-chief. The Pentagon recently announced plans to open up 14,000 new jobs to women, putting them closer and close to the front lines of combat. Senator Santorum says he sees a lot of things wrong with this.What do you think?
 I want to get to some of those hotspots Governor Romney just mentioned, but Speaker Gingrich, on the question of a more prominent role for women, good idea or bad idea?
 Congressman Paul?
 Senator?
 Let's continue the conversation about the commander in chief question. We have a question from our audience, Sir?QUESTION Hi, my name is Ken Taylor from Wickenberg, Arizona and my question to all the candidates is, how do you plan on dealing with the growing nuclear threat in Iran?
 It's a pressing question at the moment. Mr. Speaker, let's go to you first on this one. I want to ask you in the context of the president's and this country's highest ranMODERATOR military officer, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Dempsey told CNN this last week, quote, "A strike at this time would be destabilizing and would not achieve Israel's long term objectives." If you win this election, General Dempsey would still be  would then be your chairman of the joint chiefs.If the prime minister of Israel called you, said he wanted to go forward and questioned, Sir do you agree  Mr. President do you agree with your chairman of the joint chiefs? Would you say, yes, Mr. Prime Minister, please stand down? Or would you give Israel the green light?
 But often... The American people often don't pay much attention to what's going on in the world until they have to, but this is an issue, this confrontation with Iran that is partly responsible for what we have seen daily at the gas pump. Prices going up and going up and going up. So I want  Governor Romney come into the conversation, we'll continue it with everyone at the table. As we have this showdown, confrontation, call it what you will with Iran. Should our leadership, including the current president of the United States and the four gentleman here with me tonight, be prepared to look the American people in the eye and say  and I want to hear everybody's plans, over the long run I think I can bring down the price of gasoline, or I can't if that's your plan.But at the moment, we need to have a conversation about how as long as this continues, the prices are likely to keep going up.
 Senator Santorum, please?
 Congressman Paul, all three of your rivals here make a passionate case that  all three of them make a passionate case that this is a vital U.S. national security interest. But you disagree.
 Let's stay on this theme. We have a question from cnnpolitics.com, a question  you can see it up on the screen here. In regards to Syria, should the United States intervene and should we arm the rebellion?Senator Santorum, let me start with you on this one. The American people have watched these videos that started months ago and has accelerated in recent days. What is the role for the United States today?
 And the question of Syria...... Mr. Speaker, then Governor Romney, if you were president today, what would you do differently from this president tomorrow?
 Governor?
 Let's try to get another question.
 Congressman, quickly, please?
 Let's take another question from our audience, please.Identify yourself and ask your question.
 This came up a bit earlier in the debate. Some of you mentioned it in a general way.Senator Santorum, to you first. Specifically, what do you do about No Child Left Behind today if you're president?
 Governor Romney, when you were governor, you had to deal with this law. So weigh in. And as you do, it's designed, like it or not, to help the public school system, which has struggled. Senator Santorum, just the other day, called public schools in this country factories.
 Mr. Speaker, on that point, this is a conversation about what is the proper role of the federal government in the education issue? To the point the governor just raised about teachers unions, you have complimented President Obama to a degree on that issue, saying he had some courage to stand up to the teachers union. You went on tour with Al Sharpton and this president's education secretary in support of the multibillion-dollar Race to the Top program that essentially  I think they used stimulus money for it, but incentives to states, to schools that perform, and that enact reforms.
 Congressman Paul?
 Gentleman, thank you. One more break. When we come back, the final question of what could be the final Republican debate.
 Welcome back to the Mesa Art Center, our Arizona Republican presidential debate, the four contenders on stage tonight.Gentlemen, our time is short, so one last question.Nine states have voted so far. We talked a bit earlier about the volatility in the race. The people of Arizona vote Tuesday. Michigan, on Tuesday. Wyoming and Washington State, then Super Tuesday, beyond that. Fourteen states over the next 10 days or so.Republican voters are clearly having a hard time.I want to close with this question Help the voters who still have questions about you. What is the biggest misconception about you in the public debate right now?Congressman Paul, we'll start with you, sir.
 Mr. Speaker?
 Governor Romney?
 Is there a misconception about you? The question is a misconception.
 Senator Santorum?
 Gentlemen, I want to thank you. I want to thank all of our candidates tonight. We also want to thank our partner tonight, the Republican Party of Arizona, and we'd like to thank our hosts here at the Mesa Arts Center, a beautiful venue here.
 Candidates, please take your podiums while I tell you more about how this debate will work tonight.I'll be the moderator. And as I mentioned, our partners from the Republican Party of Florida and the Hispanic Leadership Network will also ask questions. I'll follow up and try to guide the discussion.Candidates, I'll try to make sure each of you gets your fair share of questions. You'll have one minute to answer, 30 seconds for follow ups and rebuttals. And I'll certainly make sure you get time to respond if you're singled out for criticism.Now let's have the candidates introduce themselves to Florida voters.Please keep it short. Here is an example I'm Wolf Blitzer and I'm thrilled to be here on the campus of the University of North Florida in Jacksonville.Senator Santorum, let's begin with you.
 All right. Let's start with a question from the audience.
 All right.Senator Santorum, let's take that question. But also, in the course of that question, express your opinion on what we heard from Governor Romney, that self-deportation, or illegal immigrants leaving the country voluntarily, is a possible solution.
 Speaker Gingrich, you've suggested that self- deportation as advocated by Governor Romney is in your words, "An Obama level fantasy." Why?
 Governor Romney, the few times and I think it was only once, that they experimented with self-deportation, only a handful of individuals voluntarily left. What makes you think that -- that program could work?
 All right. Governor Paul -- sorry, excuse me, Congressman Paul you're from Texas. The state with the longest border with Mexico. Is this a viable option, what we just heard?
 Speaker Gingrich, you had an ad, but you pulled it this week, in which you described Governor Romney as the most anti- immigrant candidate. Why did you do that?
 I just want to make sure I understand. Is he still the most anti-immigrant candidate?
 Go ahead, Governor.
 The rhetoric on immigration, Governor, has been intense, as you well know, as all four of you know, and anyone who watches television knows. You had an ad running saying that Speaker Gingrich called Spanish "the language of the ghetto."What do you mean by that?
 Did you say that?
 I want to bring Congressman Paul and Senator Santorum into this. But let's take this question from Miami.CNN en Espanol's Juan Carlos Lopez has a guest there.LOPEZ Hola, Wolf.We're at the viewing party for the Hispanic Leadership Network, and it really is a party. They are holding their yearly conference, a meeting of Hispanic Republican leaders. And I'm joined by Raquel Rodriguez. She's an attorney in Miami. She practices business and international law, and she has a question for the candidates.RODRIGUEZ Yes, good evening.The U.S. has been largely away in its foreign and trade policy with Latin America. In the meantime, Iran and China have been increasing their influence over an involvement in Latin America through the leftist and left-leaning governments.What would each of you do as president to more deeply engage in Latin America and, importantly, to support the governments and the political parties that support democracy and free markets?
 Congressman Paul?
 Senator Santorum, are you with Congressman Paul?
 Let me let Congressman Paul...... quickly respond.
 All right, we're going to -- we're going to come back to this.We're going to come back to Cuba, as well. But stand by for that.We did double-check, just now, Governor, that ad that we talked about, where I quoted you as saying that Speaker Gingrich called Spanish "the language of the ghetto" -- we just double-checked. It was one of your ads. It's running here in Florida in -- on the radio. And at the end you say, "I'm Mitt Romney and I approved this ad."So it is -- it is here. [booing]
 All right. We have a very important subject, housing. Not only here in Florida, foreclosures really, really bad, but all over the country. And a lot of people are wondering if the federal government contributed to the housing collapse in recent years.We got a question that came in to us and -- let me put it up there and I'll read it to you. "How would you phase out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac? Does the private mortgage industry need additional regulation?" -- that from William Schmidt.Let me start with Governor Romney.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Go ahead.
 Let me bring Congressman Paul, then Senator Santorum.A follow up question to you both specifically. It seems they both acknowledge they both made money from Fannie and Freddie. Should they return that money?
 Senator Santorum?
 We're going to take a quick break, but we have a lot more to discuss. Coming up, the debate questions go to space, the final frontier.Stay with us.
 We're continuing the debate here in Jacksonville, Florida.Let's get to the issue of transparency, because voters out there, they want to know as much about you four gentlemen as possible before they vote.Tax returns -- let me bring this to Speaker Gingrich.Earlier this week, you said Governor Romney, after he released his taxes, you said that you were satisfied with the level of transparency of his personal finances when it comes to this. And I just want to reiterate and ask you, are you satisfied right now with the level of transparency as far as his personal finances?
 But, Mr. Speaker, you made an issue of this, this week, when you said that, "He lives in a world of Swiss bank and Cayman Island bank accounts." I didn't say that. You did.
 But if you make a serious accusation against Governor Romney like that, you need to explain that.
 Mr. Speaker, I'm ready to move on, if you are.
 I said I'm ready to move on to the next subject if you are.
 Mr. Speaker, explain why you think the money that he made over these many years, recent years, under your tax -- hold on. Mr. Speaker, under your tax plan -- we're talking about taxes right now. This is substance. Under your proposed tax plan, he would pay zero taxes. Explain that.
 Senator Santorum, most of the polls, almost all of the polls, want the wealthiest Americans to pay more in taxes in order to balance the budget. Why are they wrong, in your opinion?
 Are you with Ronald Reagan as far as the tax rates, as Senator Santorum has suggested, Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Paul, you're a physician. You're 76 years old. You would be the oldest president of the United States if you were elected. Are you prepared to release your medical records so voters out there know what your health is? [laughter]
 I raise the question because you remember, four years ago, the same question came up with John McCain and he released his records, finally. I remember our own Dr. Sanjay Gupta spent hours reviewing those records.So let me go down and ask all of you. Are you ready to release your medical records?
 All right, we have another question from the audience. I'll look forward to seeing your medical records. [laughter]Go ahead.Let's take a question right now. Please introduce yourself, as well.QUESTION Good evening. My name is Matthew Bathel. My question is, what would your plan be for the future of manned space flight and the future of NASA?
 All right, let me go to Governor Romney on this one. An important issue, especially here in Florida where a lot of people have lost their jobs as a result of the decline of the space program. Yesterday Speaker Gingrich outlined a -- a pretty long plan on what to do about it and he said that by the end of his second term, if he were elected president, there would be a permanent base on the moon. Good idea?
 We have a question. I want to speaker to weigh in as well.This question is related from -- we got it from Twitter. Speaker Gingrich, how do you plan to create a base on the moon while keeping taxes down in eight years? [laughter]
 Senator Santorum?
 We're going to get to that in a moment, but...Congressman Paul, Texas, the space program very important there as well. Where do you stand on this?
 We're going to leave this subject, but before we do, I want Speaker Gingrich to clarify what you said yesterday in that major speech you delivered on space. You said that you would support a lunar colony or a lunar base, and that if 13,000 Americans were living there, they would be able to apply for U.S. statehood from the moon.
 That's a pretty grandiose idea.
 We're going to move on, but go ahead, Governor Romney.
 All right. We're going to move on.But go ahead, Ron Paul.
 Go ahead and respond. And then Senator Santorum.
 You want to respond to Congressman Paul?
 Go ahead, quickly.
 Let's continue on this subject.But let's take a question from the audience.Go ahead. Stand up and please introduce yourself.QUESTION My name is Lynn Frazier and I live here in Jacksonville. And for the Republican presidential candidates, my question is, I'm currently unemployed and I found myself unemployed for the first time in 10 years and unable to afford health care benefits.What type of hope can you promise me and others in my position?
 Let's ask Congressman Paul.
 Speaker -- Speaker Gingrich, what should Lynn do?
 That plan work for you, Governor?
 A quick rebuttal from Speaker Gingrich and then Governor Romney.
 Governor Romney?
 All right.And very quickly, go ahead.
 Let's go to Miami.
 Very quickly.
 Let's move on, let's move on.
 All right. All right.
 Congressman Paul, who is right?
 I'll give you 30 seconds, Mr. Speaker.
 All right.
 Let's go to Miami. We have another question.CNN Espanol's Juan Carlos Lopez is standing by. Go ahead?LOPEZ Yes, Wolf, our question now comes from Jennifer Coryn she is a -- the Executive Director of the Hispanic Leadership Network, our cosponsor and she is the spouse of a Marine Corps Gunnery Sargent and I believe, Jennifer, your question has to do with the future?QUESTION Yes. Thank you very much and good evening. We have many qualified, Hispanic leaders. Which of our Hispanic leaders would you consider to serve in your cabinet?
 Senator Santorum?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Governor?
 All right, gentleman stand by. Much more to discuss. I want to take a short break. We have many more topics to include -- including this, we'll get into this a little bit, what would your wife -- why would your wife make the best first lady. I'll ask these four candidates. Stay with us.
 I'm Wolf Blitzer.We're here in Jacksonville for CNN's Florida Republican presidential debate. Many of you are watching online, commenting on Twitter, Facebook, at CNN.com. We have many more questions for the candidates, including one that hits close to home.Stand by to find out why each man on this stage thinks his wife would be the best first lady.
 Want to get right back to the rest of the debate, but first, on a lighter subject, I want to ask each of these gentlemen why they think their wife would make a great first lady.Congressman Paul?
 Congratulations.
 Governor?
 And I suspect you would be.Unfortunately, Senator Santorum, your wife is not here tonight.
 Very nice.All right, let's get back to the debate -- the debate now.Governor Romney, you criticized Speaker Gingrich for not being as close to Ronald Reagan as he says he was. When you ran for the Senate, you said you were, quote, "You weren't trying to return to Reagan-Bush."So the question is, do you think you can claim the Reagan mantle more than Speaker Gingrich?
 Mr. Speaker, you've heard the criticism lately that you weren't necessarily as close to the president as you suggest?
 Governor Romney, you can respond please.
 Let's take another question from the audience. Go ahead. Please stand up and give us your name?QUESTION Hi, my name is George Miatus, I live here in Jacksonville and when I was 3-years-old I was very blessed that my parents brought me here from Cuba. They brought me here so that I could be raised in freedom and in liberty. President Obama has recently announced that he is liberalizing trade and travel policies. What would be your position as president toward the island of Cuba?
 Senator Santorum?
 Congressman Paul......you said the U.S. should talk to everyone. Imagine you're in the Oval Office, you speak to Raul Castro. What would you say to him?
 I want both of you to weigh in, Governor Romney first?
 Well what about Ron Paul's policy?
 Are you open -- Mr. Speaker, are you open to improving relations with Cuba?
 Let's take another question from the audience.Please give us your name and tell us where you are from.
 All right. Let's ask Governor Romney, first of all.What would you say to Abraham?
 Thank you, Governor.Speaker Gingrich, you got into a little hot water when you said the Palestinians were an invented people.
 Let's go to Miami. Let's take another question from Miami. Juan Carlos, go ahead?LOPEZ Thank you, Wolf. I'm joined now by Elizabeth Cuevas-Neunder. She is the CEO and founder of the Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce in Florida. She is based out of Tampa.And I'm pretty sure, Elizabeth, your question has to do with the beautiful island of Puerto Rico.CUEVAS-NEUNDER [speaking in Spanish]. Good evening. [speaking in Spanish]. I am bilingual, proud of it. My question to the candidates, we have 4 million Puerto Ricans in the United States, voters, 3.8 in Puerto Rico.We have been treated as second class citizen and just now our governor's name was not mentioned as a V.P. possibility, a great governor. My question to you is, where do you stand for Puerto Rico to become a state? And secondly, how do you -- where do you stand on domestic trade between Florida and Puerto Rico, between Tampa Bay and Ponce ports which have been neglected? Thank you.
 All right. Senator Santorum, let's throw that question to you. The question about, do you support Puerto Rico potentially as the 51st state?
 I'll take that as a maybe. Statehood, not statehood.
 Let's take another question from the audience here. Go ahead, please. What is your name?SUZANNE BASS Suzanne Bass, I'm an attorney in Jacksonville. Welcome to the great city of Jacksonville.My question, how would your religious beliefs, if you're elected, impact the decisions that you make in the office of the presidency?
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor?
 Mr. Speaker?
 Senator?
 Thank you, Senator.We have one more break to take, but we have a lot more to discuss. Don't go too far away. Coming up, the final debate question before Florida votes.
 All right. We're in the last few minutes of the last question to these four presidential candidates before the Florida primary on Tuesday in this debate format. Here is the question, and it involves the president of the United States. I want you to tell voters who are watching or are here on this campus right now why you are the one person on this stage that is most likely to beat Barack Obama.Congressman?
 Governor Romney, why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
 Mr. Speaker...... why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
 Senator?I'll repeat the question for you. Why do you think you're the best, most qualified person on this stage to beat President Obama?
 Thank you, Senator.And thank you to the four presidential candidates.I also want to thank our partners in this debate, the Republican Party of Florida, the Hispanic Leadership Network. Thank you very much to them.We'd also like to thank our hosts here on the campus of the University of North Florida in Jacksonville.
 As for topics, it's a wide-open evening, so let's begin.First of all, since we last gathered, three of you on stage have enjoyed victories, an unprecedented moment in the modern era, three separate candidates, three separate victories. Congratulations to you. In all three contests, the voters made it clear to pollsters and elsewhere that electability was a crucial element to them, a crucial argument this year.And so, speaker Gingrich, on electability to begin with, your rival, your opponent on this stage, Governor Romney, was out today calling you erratic, a failed leader, and warning that your nomination for this party could perhaps result in what he called an "October surprise a day." So given the fact that he went after you today on this topic of electability, your response tonight, Mr. Speaker?
 And about your problems, your departure from the speakership in the '90s, what's the case you make to the American people and voters in Republican primary contests about how you've changed, Mr. Speaker?
 Governor Romney, for his part, the speaker said about you that were dancing on eggs during this campaign, a good salesman with a weak product. And even Chris Christie, one of the most popular politicians in this country, speaking on your behalf, said this weekend your challenge is "going to be how to connect with people."Same question to you about electability.
 Mr. Speaker?
 Governor Romney, to your electability, let's talk about the southern base of the GOP. Among those who describe themselves as very conservative, only one in five have gone your way.How is that going to bode well for the longer campaign?
 Do you realize last week, Governor, you said that -- you complained that too much of your time on stage lately has been spent on negativity vis-a-vis the other candidates? You pledged to spend your time going after the incumbent president, yet here we are again.
 Mr. Speaker, 30 seconds before I move on.
 Senator Santorum, you have labeled this choice as being between an erratic and a moderate. You come in here tonight with one victory in Iowa. Where is your path to the top here?
 And yet, Senator, you are former Senator Santorum, having lost your home state by 18 points.
 Let me come at it this way. If Newt Gingrich emerges from the GOP primary process as the nominee of the party, do you go your own way?
 I should be more specific. Will you run as a third- party candidate?
 Would you support a Newt Gingrich as nominee of the GOP?
 Speaker Gingrich, are you willing to adjust to pick up an endorsement from Texas?
 Governor Romney, a question you know is coming because of what you have set in motion for tomorrow when you release one year's tax returns and your estimates for 2011. We know it's not a matter of producing them. You said during the McCain vetting process you turned over 23 years which you had at the ready because, to quote you, you're something of a packrat.So, prior to tomorrow, can you tell us tonight what's in there that's going to get people talking? What's in there that's going to be controversial? What's in there that you may find yourself defending?
 So, across this country tomorrow, when people learn the details of the tax return you release -- and, of course, you'll be under pressure to release more years after that -- nothing will stick out, nothing will emerge that will be talked about by this time tomorrow night?
 Speaker Gingrich, what will satisfy you?
 And, Governor, how about your father's model of 12 years' worth of returns?
 More broadly, Governor, just an aside, have you been surprised at the degree to which your wealth has become an issue? You spoke rather forcefully in South Carolina over the weekend on Saturday night about this, about the degree to which you've had to defend, as you put it, your success in business.
 Senator Santorum, Governor Romney has said -- and he said again tonight -- he expected these attacks from the other side. He's been taking fire as he would from the Democrats from the group on this stage. That means you. That includes you.
 And Speaker Gingrich, just tonight, two hours ago, in fact, you released your '06 contract with Freddie Mac. We alluded to this earlier.Your company was paid $25,000 a month, $300,000 for the year. But it didn't provide a further explanation of services for Freddie Mac.Why one year's worth? Governor Romney today used the expression "work product." He wants to see your work product, and the word "lobbying" has been thrown around, and you strongly disagree with that.
 So you never peddled influence, as he described tonight?
 You never peddled influence, as Governor Romney accused you of tonight?
 Gentlemen...
 Governor...
 Gentlemen, we've let this go because of the state of the race, and a certain amount of this conversation, I guess, had to happen. We -- this also has to happen. We have to go to a break. We'll come back. We'll talk about foreclosure. We'll talk about foreign policy. We'll welcome in the other two gentlemen to this conversation when we continue from Tampa.
 Welcome back to what has already become an interesting night in Tampa, Florida. Gentlemen, welcome back to you.And, Senator Santorum, let's begin this segment with you. Since we've been nibbling around the edges of the foreclosure crisis, since, what, 40 percent of homeowners in this state are underwater, 53 percent of the homes in Tampa, Florida, are worth less today than before this crisis. Was it too easy? Did vehicles of the U.S. government make it too easy to own a home in America?
 Congressman Paul, should that be any role for the government? Are those folks owed anything for being under?
 Gentlemen, 30 seconds, please, on this, starting with Governor Romney.To help these homeowners or not?
 Speaker?
 Do you really think the financial system is overregulated? That's the second mention of Dodd-Frank tonight.
 Governor Romney, was it overregulated prior to the collapse?
 Governor Romney, let me ask you this. There was a lot of talk in the last presidential campaign about that 300 a.m. phone call. Let's say President Romney gets that phone call, and it is to say that Fidel Castro has died. And there are credible people in the Pentagon who predict upwards of half a million Cubans may take that as a cue to come to the United States.What do you do?
 Mr. Speaker, as a practical matter, along the Florida coast, though, you know the policy, so called wet foot/dry foot. What do you do if folks start arriving in the United States?
 Overt and covert, are you talking about engaging the U.S. military?
 Congressman?
 Senator Santorum, an admittedly......cynical question. If there was a strong lobby of Chinese dissidents living in a state as politically important of -- as Florida, do you think we'd have a trade policy with China that looks more like the trade policy with Cuba?
 So, Speaker Gingrich if you accept that bedrock definition that it is an act of war, how do you gauge the appetite on the part of the American people after the better part of a decade of warfare, fighting dual wars overseas for something like that?
 Governor Romney, how do you end a war in Afghanistan without talking to the Taliban?
 Go ahead. I was just going to ask, any appetite on this stage to negotiate with the Taliban? Congressman?
 No, go ahead?
 Right now for us another break. I'll welcome two colleagues out here to the stage when we continue from Tampa right after this.
 And welcome back to Tampa.I am happy to welcome two fellow journalists to this stage. Happy to be joined now by our partners in this debate. In fact, "The Tampa Bay Times" and "National Journal."Adam Smith is the longtime political editor at "The Tampa Bay Times," covering national, state and local politics for more than a decade, one of the very best in the trade. And besides, a lot of people just thought a GOP debate should have Adam Smith present.Beth Reinhard is a political correspondent for "National Journal." She is a Florida native, was a veteran political reporter at "The Miami Herald" for 11 years.But one piece of business, Senator Santorum, I had to go to a break. I didn't get you in on what we'll call the Iran round, because you've talked about this a lot. Specifically, as a last resort, as you said, taking out Iran's nuclear program.The problem with that, so many in the military tell you, is the target list. Where do you limit it -- the air strikes that some estimate would begin at 30 to 60 days sustained, taking out air defenses, all of that familiar language the American people have just been through for a decade?
 Senator, thank you. And to interests of local state politics, Beth Reinhard will take over the questioning.REINHARD Senator Santorum, here in Florida, BP is still airing apologetic appeals on television, but there are proposals to expand offshore oil drilling. The state's most optimistic estimates say more drilling would create 5,000 jobs, but an oil spill would threaten Florida's tourism industry, which employs nearly 1 million people. Is that worth the risk?
 The questioning continues.
 Thank you, Governor.Questioning continues with Adam Smith.SMITH Let's stay on immigration for a second.Governor Romney, there is one thing I'm confused about. You say you don't want to go and round up people and deport them, but you also say that they would have to go back to their home countries and then apply for citizenship. So, if you don't deport them, how do you send them home?
 At this point, we'll take another break. We'll return from Tampa with this line of questioning right after this.
 We are back from Tampa tonight. As the conversation continues, once again the questioning continues.Adam Smith of "The Tampa Bay Times."SMITH Thank you.Senator Santorum, in 2005, Florida was in the middle of a huge national debate over Terri Schiavo, whether her feeding tube should be removed after the courts had ruled that she had been in a vegetative state for years. You were at the center, at the front of advocating congressional intervention to keep her alive. You even came down here, came to her bedside after a fund-raiser.Why should the government have more say in medical decisions like that than a spouse?
 Beth?REINHARD Governor Romney, this is the state that put the first men on the moon. America right now has no way to put people into space except to hitch a ride with the Russians. Meanwhile, the Chinese are ramping up their space program. At a time when you all want to shrink federal spending, should space exploration be a priority?Governor Romney?
 To my fellow questioners, our panelists tonight, my thanks.So ends this section of our conversation. The final bit of our debate from Tampa tonight coming up after this last break.
 Welcome back to Tampa for this final section of our conversation tonight. We're back down to the five of us here on stage. I thought we'd talk a little bit more big picture.This has been called, in addition to this unprecedented primary contest the GOP is in the midst of, a battle for the soul of the Republican Party. Governor Romney, the question is, about that soul, what have you done to further the cause of conservativism as a Republican leader?
 Mr. Speaker, you've been talking a lot about conservative principles in this campaign so far. Is that enough for you? Is that good enough?
 Which, Senator Santorum, gets us back to electability, the gap between the Republican Party and the president. Some of the newspaper headlines about this gathering we were going to have tonight, in Florida, Romney seeks to link Gingrich to foreclosure crisis. And here's a second one The verdict is in, Mitt Romney's Bain Capital problem is real.What's the net effect of all this, of the tax release tomorrow, of Freddie -- the Freddie Mac release tonight on your party, say your candidacy, as you try to go forward?
 Congressmen Paul, are the two men in the middle insufficiently conservative for you?
 Go ahead.
 Governor Romney, again tonight, so called Romneycare and so-called Obamacare have been positioned very closely side by side by your opponent, the senator. And again, you have been called insufficiently conservative.
 Speaker Gingrich, I know none of you believe in polls, but as we came in here tonight, of the numbers in the known world, your numbers were on the rise. What scares you about the presidency if you made it to the job you want?
 Governor Romney, you talk about restoring America's greatness. Given that, in your view when was America last great?
 I want to thank all of our candidates and our hosts, of course, here at the University of South Florida. We are obligated at this point to say, "Go Bulls."
 From the North Charleston Coliseum, this is the Southern Republican Presidential Debate. Tonight, the four remaining Republican candidates are with us with their ultimate goal now in sight.Welcome this evening. I'm John King. This is the final debate before the South Carolina presidential primary. That's on Saturday. Republican leaders from here in South Carolina, 13 other southern states in this audience tonight, along with members of the Tea Party Patriots.Some of our audience members will get a chance to directly question the candidates. You can also take part in this debate by sending us your questions online. On Twitter, make sure to include the hash tag #CNNdebate. On Facebook, at Facebook.com/CNNpolitics. And of course as always, on CNNPolitics.com.It's time now to meet the 2012 Republican presidential contenders. Joining us on stage first, the Texas congressman, Ron Paul.The former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.The former Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney.And the former senator from Pennsylvania, Rick Santorum.Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican presidential candidates.Now, just before we came on the air tonight we recited the Pledge of Allegiance. Now please rise for our national anthem.We're blessed tonight to have it performed by military cadets from The Citadel right here in Charleston, South Carolina.[singing of the National Anthem]
 That was fabulous. Absolutely fabulous.I want to ask the candidates to get comfortable at their podiums, have our audience take their seats, while I tell you a bit about how tonight's debate will work.I'll ask questions, as will some members of our audience tonight. I'll follow up and guide the discussion.Candidates, I promise you, we're going to try to make sure each of you gets your fair share of the time and the questions. You'll have one minute to answer and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. And I'll make sure you get time to respond if you are singled out for criticism.Now let's have the candidates introduce themselves. We're going to ask them to keep it short. And here's an example. I'm John King from CNN. I'm rooting for the Patriots this weekend, and I'm honored to be your moderator this evening.Senator Santorum, let's begin with you.
 Mr. Speaker.
 Congressman Paul.
 You've met the candidates. It's time now to begin the debate, an event that has quite a dramatically different feel than just a few hours ago.Just this morning, as Senator Santorum just noted, we learned he, not Governor Romney, won the Iowa caucuses. There were five podiums on the stage when the sun came up. Four now because of Governor Rick Perry's decision to drop out.And just as Speaker Gingrich surged into contention here in South Carolina, a direct fresh character attack on the Speaker.And Mr. Speaker, I want to start with that this evening.As you know, your ex-wife gave an interview to ABC News and another interview with "The Washington Post." And this story has now gone viral on the Internet.In it, she says that you came to her in 1999, at a time when you were having an affair. She says you asked her, sir, to enter into an open marriage.Would you like to take some time to respond to that?
 Is that all you want to say, sir?
 Please.
 As you noted, Mr. Speaker, this story did not come from our network. As you also know, it is a subject of conversation on the campaign. I'm not -- I get your point. I take your point.
 As I noted -- as I noted at the beginning, we have four podiums on this stage tonight, not five. And when he exited the race this morning, Governor Perry quickly and forcefully endorsed Speaker Gingrich. And in that remark, he said that, "No, Mr. Gingrich is not a perfect man." Senator Santorum, he said "none of us are." And he said he believes in his Christian faith that guides him to the value of redemption.Speaker Gingrich doesn't believe this is an issue. Governor Perry says this is not an issue. I just want to start with you, sir, and go down. Do you believe it is?
 Governor Romney?
 Congressman?
 All right. As I said at the top of the debate -- as I said at the top of the debate, we'll take some questions from the audience. We've reached out to people online. We've also reached out to a number of votes, some who wish they could be here tonight, but can't be here tonight.I want to turn to a question from one of those voters. Her name is Jane Gallagher. She's from here in South Carolina. As all of you know, and as everyone in this audience in South Carolina knows, we're in a state with 9.9 percent unemployment. And Jane asked this question List three or more specific programs that will put American people back to work?Congressman Paul, I want to begin with you. Do you believe we need specific federal programs to put the American people back to work?
 Mr. Speaker, come in on that point, as you address what you would like to do but also specifically the question, do we need federal programs?
 A subset of the jobs conversation among the candidates in this state over the past week, Mr. Speaker, has been from you and from the now-departed Governor Perry, pretty sharp criticism of Governor Romney's tenure as the CEO of Bain Capital.I want you to be specific. What do you think he did wrong that makes you question his ability as a president to create jobs?
 Well, Governor Romney, let me give you a chance. Explain.
 So -- so let's go -- let's go back. I'm glad you had that opportunity. I do want to go back, see if we can clear this up.Now, the questions about Bain, many have been about the number. You have said 120,000 jobs that you can tie back to decisions you made at Bain Capital. I want you to take your time, sir, and do the math. Do the math and how you get to 100,000 or 120,000 jobs?
 Senator Santorum, join the conversation, specifically to the initial question from Jane. What should the federal government be doing? And do you believe in specific programs? And I also want to ask you if you share the Speaker's concern about Governor Romney's tenure at Bain.
 Let's stay on the economy and let's stay on the South Carolina experience all you gentlemen have had.As you know, and as this audience reflects, this is a state incredibly proud of its military tradition and incredibly proud of its veterans. Many of those veterans who have served post-9/11, served honorably in Iraq and Afghanistan, are coming back to a terrible economy. Right now, the unemployment rate for post-9/11 veterans aged 18 to 24 is at 22 percent.Congressman Paul, to you first, sir. Should the federal government be specifically targeting that part, our veterans coming back, saying the unemployment rate is so high among that sub group, that the federal government should offer tax incentives to employers or take other steps to help them to incentivize the economy to help them get jobs?
 I think we all agree there's a generational challenge for the country with the brain injuries and the other injuries and the suicide, as you mentioned.I want to stay on the economy for a minute, though. Senator Santorum, you started to shake your head. Again, specifically, it's a role of government question. Should the government be stepping in and saying we need to help this subgroup in the economy that's hurting, the veterans?
 So, Governor, Governor, and then Mr. Speaker, Senator Santorum passionately makes the case. It also is a time, as all of you know, of very tough budget decisions the next president's going to have to make, setting priorities.How do you do it? How -- what specifically do you do to help the veterans?
 Mr. Speaker, please come in. We're going to have -- we'll have some conversations about commander in chief. You have the floor now. Specifically veterans who need jobs.
 Let's turn to our audience now.Let's turn now and take a question from down in our audience tonight. Go ahead, sir.QUESTION My name is Sonny Cohen. I'm from Sevier County, Tennessee. My question to any of the candidates is Do any of you sincerely believe that Obamacare can either be repealed or reversed in its entirety?
 Let me go first to Governor Romney on that one.Governor, you had said you would do it on day one with an executive order that would free the states up to opt out, waivers essentially to get out of that program. I know your friend, the South Carolina governor might like to have that option.Help me understand as you do that how would it play out? And what happens to those, someone with a preexisting condition for example, who now has coverage under the president's health care plan, or a young American, 22, 23, 24, who because of the changes in the law, can now stay a few extra years on their parents' health care? What happens to them when you sign that executive order?
 Mr. Speaker, you heard the skepticism. This is a southern Republican voter, but he's skeptical. He knows how Washington works. He's watched Washington work. He's asking it be reversed in its entirety.You -- you were the speaker of the House. You understand how this works. How -- how can it be repealed in this current political environment?
 Senator Santorum, you heard Governor Romney and you heard Speaker Gingrich. Do you trust them if one of them is the Republican party's nominee and potentially the next president of the United States to repeal this?
 I want to bring Congressman Paul -- bring you into the discussion in just a moment. But Senator Santorum directly challenged the governor and then the speaker. Governor, you first.
 Senator Santorum, he says your facts are wrong.
 If you want, Governor, quickly?
 Mr. Speaker -- it may seem like a while ago, Mr. Speaker, but Senator Santorum made the point, in his view, you don't have credibility on this issue.
 Senator, I want to bring Congressman Paul in. You're shaking your head. Quickly.
 Quickly, Mr. Speaker. The congressman's getting lonely down here. Let's go.
 Congressman Paul, you have the floor. Do you trust these men to repeal Obamacare?
 All right.Going to ask our candidates to stand by, our audience as well. We have a couple breaks tonight. We're going to take one of them now.One candidate on this stage suggested this week that two candidates should get out of the race. One of them listened. We'll get the reaction from the other coming up.And also coming up, this is just in. While we've been on the air having this debate, Speaker Gingrich has released his tax returns. He's put them online. We'll ask him what's in them when we come back.
 Back in Charleston, South Carolina, and our Southern Republican Presidential Debate. Let's get back to questioning the four gentlemen who would like to be the Republican nominee for president and the next president of the United States.Part of the political conversation during the crackling campaign in this great state this week, Senator Santorum, Speaker Gingrich said he thought it would be preferable for the conservative movement if one candidate, in his view, had a direct campaign against Governor Romney. He suggested -- said it was up to you -- but he suggested perhaps Governor Perry and Senator Santorum should get out of the race.In suggesting that, he said this You don't have, quote, "any of the knowledge for how to do something on this scale."What do you say to that?
 Mr. Speaker, take some time to respond.As you do so, what exactly did you mean, "doesn't have any of the knowledge for how to do something on this scale"?
 Quickly?
 Mr. Speaker, respond.
 Governor Romney, you're raising your hand to come in the conversation. I want to let you in on the conversation, but also, as I do, you put an ad on the air paid by your campaign, not one of the super PAC ads, calling the Spea, ker an unreliable leader. Why?
 Quickly respond, Mr. Speaker.
 Go ahead, quickly.
 All right. Let me get out of the way for a second and go back out to our audience and take a question from an audience member.Sir.JOHN MARCOUX, RETIRED STOCK TRADER John Marcoux from the great city of Charleston.MARCOUX Gentlemen, when will you release your tax returns specifically?
 Mr. Speaker posted his online an hour ago. We know that.Congressman Paul -- we'll come down the line. Congressman Paul, I want to start with you.We reached out to your campaign this week, and they said you would not release your tax returns. Why?
 Governor Romney, when will we see yours?
 But some of the questions about when you release your taxes have not come -- the president has raised them; his campaign has raised them -- you're right on that -- but so have some of your rivals up here. Speaker Gingrich has said you owe them to the people of South Carolina before they vote. Governor Perry made that point as well before he left the race.Why not should the people of South Carolina before this election see last year's return?
 Speaker Gingrich, is that good enough?
 Senator Santorum, when will we see yours?
 But you -- you did call on the governor to release his.
 I want to -- Governor Romney, you mentioned the Democratic attacks. I want to ask you to go back in history a little bit. Back in 1967, your father set a groundbreaking -- what was then a groundbreaking standard in American politics. He released his tax return. He released them for not one year, but for 12 years. And when he did that, he said this "One year could be a fluke, perhaps done for show."When you release yours, will you follow your father's example?
 You've raised the topic of putting America back to work. I think we're ready for another question from our audience. Am I right?Not quite yet. All right. So let's stay up here for a second.Let's move -- you mentioned putting America back to work. Let's talk about something Apple Computer. Apple computer is a breathtakingly important American company.Senator Santorum, it's one of the most respected companies in the country. I've handed it off, but I carry Apple products to do my work every day. It employs about 500,000 people in China. It is based in the United States, has some employees here, about 40-something thousand, I think 46,000. Most of them in retail stores and at the headquarters. Five hundred thousand of them are in China.As a president of the United States, what do you do about that?
 Congressman Paul, how do you revive made in America?
 He mentioned you, Senator Santorum. Go ahead, quickly.
 Quickly, sir.
 Yes, for your state. But, as president, are you going to represent South Carolina or Pennsylvania? That's really the question.
 Let's continue the economic conversation with some input from a question from Twitter. If you look up here you can see it, CNNDebate."What is your take on SOPA and how do you believe it affects Americans?"For those who have not been following it, SOPA is the Stop Online Piracy Act, a crackdown on Internet piracy, which is clearly a problem. But opponents say it's censorship. Full disclosure, our parent company, Time Warner, says we need a law like this because some of its products, movies, programming, and the like, are being ripped off online.Let me start with you, Mr. Speaker. There's two competing ends, two engines, even, of our economy here at on this.How do you deal with it?
 Mr. Speaker, Governor Romney, these companies complain -- some of them are based in Hollywood, not all of them are -- that their software, that their publishing, that their movies, that their shows are being ripped off.
 I mean, it's a big issue in the country right now.Congressman Paul and Senator Santorum, your views on this one quickly.
 Those who support the law, Senator, argue tens of thousands of jobs are at stake.
 All right.Gentlemen, I want to thank you. I'll ask our audience -- applaud if you wish. Stand by one second. We'll take one more break.Much more of our Southern Republican Presidential Debate to come, including this question After months of campaigning, if these candidates could do one thing over, what would it be?
 I'm John King. We're live in Charleston, South Carolina, and this is the CNN Southern Republican Presidential Debate. Many of you are watching online, commenting on Twitter, Facebook and at CNN.com.When we come back, we'll ask the four candidates for president this question After months and months of campaigning, if you could do one thing over, what would it be? Stay with us.
 Welcome back to the Southern Republican Presidential Debate. I'm John King. We're live in Charleston, South Carolina. A lot more issues to wander through tonight.But I just want to take this moment. After months and months of campaigning, maybe this is fun; maybe it isn't.Speaker Gingrich, I want to start with you. You're at this for months and you're out there. If there's one thing, just one thing in this campaign you could do over, what would it be?
 Governor Romney?
 Senator?
 Congressman?
 All right, gentlemen. Thank you.Let's get back to our issues discussion and let's begin with a question down in our audience.QUESTION Hi. I would like to ask on the issue of amnesty of the illegal aliens, would you -- how would you secure that the American citizens would get -- keep the jobs in line first for them?
 Mr. Speaker, let's start with you on that. She mentioned the word "amnesty." You have explained your position in this campaign. And as you know, some conservatives have said, "No, Mr. Speaker, you say you can't deport maybe it's 10 million, 11 million, some people say as high as 20 million people illegally in this country. You say it's unrealistic to deport them all. So some would have to be given a path to legal status."And as you know, many conservatives say, "No, that's amnesty, Mr. Speaker."
 Governor Romney, is that the doable, practical solution?
 Do you have the same view, Senator?
 You mentioned both Governor Romney and the speaker. Take a moment, quickly. I want to bring Congressman Paul into the conversation. He is essentially saying he doesn't trust you on this.
 Congressman Paul, you're from a border state. If this is a problem, you've heard your colleagues talk about making sure employers, companies that hire large numbers of people, making sure they get the message they can't hire illegals.What about individuals? About a quarter of the illegal immigrants in the country work for individuals. If this is a problem -- if I hired an illegal immigrant, say, to clean my home, should I be prosecuted for doing that?
 The Speaker?
 I think we have nodding heads. I assume we have agreement on that. But let's move on to another issue that came up in the campaign right here in South Carolina this week, and that's the life issue.Mr. Speaker, your campaign sent out a mailing to South Carolina Republicans across this state essentially questioning Governor Romney's commitment on this issue, saying that he has changed his position on the abortion issue.If you'll recall, I moderated a debate back in New Hampshire in June. There were seven candidates then. We have four tonight. But when this came up, we talked about it briefly, and then I asked, is this fair game, an issue in this campaign, or is it case closed?Mr. Cain, who was with us at the time, said case closed, and I paused. No one else took the opportunity to speak up.If it was case closed then, why is a legitimate issue now?
 Governor Romney, he questions whether you're genuinely pro-life.
 Mr. Speaker, he says you're questioning his integrity.
 Senator?
 Governor Romney and then Speaker Gingrich, he mentioned . Very quickly.
 Mr. Speaker, he -- he mentioned you specifically, and then we want to move on, but please respond.
 All right, let's move on. Let's take another question.Congressman, I'll  on this one. Let's -- let's take a question now from social media. Question -- , before we move on, do you want in on this issue? They want you in on this issue. Would you like in on this issue?
 Very quickly, Senator.
 Quickly, sir.
 All right.We need to take one more break, Gentlemen. Stand by.Less than 35 hours away now from the polls opening right here in South Carolina, a state that is crucial, often decisive in Republican presidential politics.Stay with us. Hear the candidates' closing arguments to the voters of a state that takes pride in picking presidents.
 Welcome back to the Southern Republican Presidential Debate.We're in Charleston, South Carolina, tonight.Gentlemen, we're running out of time. Time flies. I wish we could stay all night. I don't suspect you have campaigning to do. I don't suspect you'll agree. [laughter]I didn't think so. [laughter]You know the history of this state. We're inside 35 hours now from voters in South Carolina going to the polls, and we all know the history of this state.In modern times, the winner of the South Carolina Republican primary has gone on to be your party's nominee.We have an interesting race at the moment. Senator Santorum wins Iowa; Governor Romney wins New Hampshire. Everybody's waiting to see. Most people believe, if Governor Romney wins here, he would be the prohibitive favorite.I want each of you, since we have a short time left, and I'll start on the end. We'll come down the line.Congressman Paul, make your case. Make your case. South Carolina essentially faces this decision "Not so fast, let's continue the race," or embrace Governor Romney. Make your case to the people of South Carolina in these final hours.
 Mr. Speaker?
 Governor Romney?
 Senator Santorum.
 That concludes our debate this evening.I want to thank all of our candidates for their time tonight.I want to thank our wonderful audience. We also want to thank the people of South Carolina.I do appreciate it, and I know the candidates do as well.
 Thanks, Bill, and welcome to the Myrtle Beach Convention Center and the Republican presidential debate. It's being sponsored by Fox News, the Wall Street Journal, and the South Carolina Republican Party.Now let's meet the five remaining candidates. Texas Governor Rick Perry.Former Senator Rick Santorum.Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.And Congressman Ron Paul.And, of course, our stage is down one podium, with Governor Jon Huntsman's announcement today that he is leaving the race. You at home can participate through Twitter tonight. You can weigh in on how well the candidates are answering the questions. Tweet the candidate's last name and hashtag answer if you think he's tackling the question or hashtag dodge if you think he's avoiding the question.Then you can go to foxnews.com/debate to see the results during the break. You can head there and check it out.Now let's meet our panelists tonight. Fox News political analyst and my colleague, JuanMODERATOR.And from the Wall Street Journal, economics correspondent Kelly Evans.And Washington bureau chief Jerry Seib.Our rules are similar to our previous Fox debates, except now answers will be 1 minute and 30 seconds to allow for a fuller discussion of the issues. But follow-ups will still be 30 seconds.Now, in past debates, we've reminded candidates it's time to wrap up with various sounds. We started with a doorbell. That didn't work for dog-owners. And then we had a digital sound, which seemed rarely  pretty ineffective.Tonight, after a long string of debates and with longer answer time, we're going to try to not use any sound. You all have done this now 15 times. I'm sure you know the drill. But warning We do reserve the right to bring back the bell if we have to.Today, as you know, is Martin Luther King, Jr., Day. As we look live at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Memorial in Washington, its first year on the mall, we're reminded of one of the many notable quotes from the late Dr. King. "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in a moment of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy."This campaign has been filled with challenge and controversy. The challenges are large. Here in South Carolina, the unemployment rate is near 10 percent, well above the national average. And on this MLK Day, unemployment in African-American communities is near 16 percent.But the controversy on the campaign trail in recent days has been about Governor Romney's record. We are going to talk extensively about jobs, federal debt, world hotspots, and social issues, but, first, let's clear the air.Speaker Gingrich, on a debate stage in September, you vowed to, quote, "repudiate every effort of the news media to get Republicans to fight each other to protect Barack Obama, who deserves to be defeated," close quote. And yet in recent days, you and your campaign have cited numerous outlets, from the New York Times to Salon.com, to attack Governor Romney's business record, the exact line of attack the Obama campaign is using. Why?
 Governor Romney, I will give you time to respond in just a minute. Speaker Gingrich, the Wall Street Journal editorial page calls your attacks crude and damaging caricatures of modern business and capitalism. And they write that you are embarrassing yourself by taking the Obama line.How do you respond to that?
 One more time. You said last week if somebody comes in and takes all the money out of your company and leaves you bankrupt while they go off with millions, that's not traditional capitalism. That doesn't sound like a question.
 Governor Romney, your response.
 Governor Perry, you have gone so far as to call what Mitt Romney did at Bain vulture capitalism. But you've also said regulations in America are killing America. In fact, you said we should repeal the most recent financial regulations law, Dodd-Frank.So what specific regulations would you put in place to curb vulture capitalism?
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds.
 Well there will be plenty of time.
 Thirty seconds for this time.
 Gerald Seib with the Wall Street Journal.SEIB Governor Romney, let's look a little deeper at the business record that you're talking about. In a nutshell, what your opponents here are saying is that Bain Capital and other private equity firms, buy companies, load them up with debt, take the profits and then head for the exits. Let's look at another example and allow you to respond through that. America Pad and Paper is a company that Bain Capital bought with $5 million, took on more debt to expand, couldn't pay back the loans, went bankrupt and several hundred people lost their jobs.Bain Capital though, took $100 million in profits and fees. Does that show a flaw in the Bain Capital model? Or is that just the rough and tumble of America capitalism?
 Kelly Evans from the Wall Street Journal.EVANS Congressman Paul  Congressman Paul, this morning when he suspended his campaign, Governor Huntsman said the Republican presidential race has, quote "degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks, not worthy of the American people." You have been particularly scathing in your ads against the other candidates up here on stage tonight. Do you agree with Governor Huntsman that these attacks should be abandoned?
 Senator Santorum, today you said Governor Romney is guilty of distorting your record as well as, quote, "lies and hypocrisy." You said this behavior is classic Romney, and no one is holding him accountable.So the same question that Kelly asked, this time to you, should these barbed personal attacks against fellow Republicans be abandoned by the candidates?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor?
 We have a...
 We have a lot of questions.
 Governor  Governor Perry, go ahead.
 Governor Romney, any response to either one of those?
 We may have to rethink that whole bell thing, but we're going to take a break right here. Remember to send your thoughts on how the candidates are answering the questions via Twitter. Tweet the candidate's last name and hashtag answer or hashtag dodge. Send me questions at bretbaier. Include that hashtag scdebate.After the break, key issues and some more fireworks. We'll see. Stay with us.
 Welcome back to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and the Republican presidential debate.We are getting questions from Twitter. Governor Romney  Governor Huntsman endorsed you today. But in New Hampshire he called you a, quote, "perfectly lubricated weather vein on the important issues of the day." And just last week, Governor Huntsman charged that it's hard to find your core. Which leads to our first Twitter question.From MissinDixie, quote, "I want to support Mitt Romney, but considering his changing views, convince me you won't change again."
 JuanMODERATOR, Juan?
 Governor Perry, last month the Department of Justice challenged South Carolina's new law requiring registered voters to show state issued identification before they can vote. Governor Haley has pledged to fight the federal government all the way to the Supreme Court. You sided with the government.Now, Governor Perry, are you suggesting on this Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, that the federal government has no business scrutinizing the voting laws of states where minorities were once denied the right to vote?
 Senator Santorum, we talked about the high unemployment rate here in South Carolina, almost 10 percent, well above the national average. We've talked about the skyrocketing national debt. In December, Congress authorized an additional 20 weeks of jobless benefits. Benefits being paid by the federal government in many cases because states can't afford them. Do you support extending these benefits when they expire at the end of the month? Why or why not?
 Speaker Gingrich, Senator Santorum just mentioned it, the surge in unemployment has created these so-called 99'ers, people who collect benefits for the maximum 99 weeks offered now. What is the maximum length anyone should be able to collect unemployment checks?
 Kelly Evans?EVANS Governor Romney  Governor Romney, core European nations have just been downgraded, and several are only able to raise funds because of help from central banks. As president, you could immediately be faced with another financial crisis, perhaps this time sparked in Europe. This is not some imaginary event. How far would you be willing to go to keep the financial system functioning?
 Jerry Seib has the next question.SEIB Congressman Paul, South Carolina has seven major military bases, and thousands of people employed in the defense industry. But you want to make major cuts in defense spending, several hundred billion dollars in the coming years, that inevitably would cost South Carolina jobs. What do you say to people in this state who worry that your military plans would hurt the national security and cost South Carolina jobs?
 What is he missing, Congressman?
 I'd like to ask a question about keeping money for all of the candidates down the line. What is the highest federal income tax any American should have to pay? We are looking for a number.Governor?
 Senator Santorum?
 Governor Romney.
 So the highest you had was 35?
 Speaker Gingrich.
 Congressman Paul.
 So your answer is zero?
 OK. About taxes. Kelly?EVANS Governor Romney, Speaker Gingrich, Senator Santorum and now vocally tonight Senator Perry  Governor Perry  are calling for you to release your tax records. The Obama campaign is asking for the same thing. Governor, will you release your income tax records?
 OK. Next round of questions, JuanMODERATOR.
 Governor Romney, your father was born in Mexico. You still have family there, yet you have taken the hardest line of anyone on this stage on immigration reform, including opposition to key parts of the DREAM Act, which is supported by 80 percent of Latinos in this country. Are you alienating Latino voters that Republicans will need to win the general election?
 Senator Santorum, the Obama administration has not specifically addressed high levels of joblessness and a 25 percent poverty rate in black America. They say they want to fix the economy for all, but given the crisis situation among a group of historically disadvantaged Americans, do you feel the time has come to take special steps to deal with the extraordinary level of poverty afflicting one race of America?
 Congressman Paul. An analysis by the Prison Policy Initiative finds that blacks who are jailed at four times the rate of whites in South Carolina are most often convicted on drug offenses. Do you see racial disparities in drug-related arrests and convictions as a problem? And if so, how would you fix it?
 Speaker Gingrich, you recently said black Americans should demand jobs, not food stamps. You also said poor kids lack a strong work ethic and proposed having them work as janitors in their schools. Can't you see that this is viewed, at a minimum, as insulting to all Americans, but particularly to black Americans?
 Well...The suggestion that he made was about a lack of work ethic. And I've got to tell you, my e-mail account, my Twitter account has been inundated with people of all races who are asking if your comments are not intended to belittle the poor and racial minorities.You saw some of this reaction during your visit...[booing]... to a black church in South Carolina. You saw some of this during your visit to a black church in South Carolina, where a woman asked you why you refer to President Obama as "the food stamp president." It sounds as if you are seeking to belittle people. [booing]
 Finish your thought, Mr. Speaker.
 Yes, sir.
 Okay. When we come back  they can't hear me, but I'll talk to you, foreign policy. Bring me your questions, BretBair, include hash tag SCdebates after this break.
 Welcome back to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. That was a time lapsed video of a sand sculpture right outside the convention center here. It does still have Governor Huntsman on that sand sculpture. He's not here tonight. Next round of questions is on foreign policy. And we'll begin with Congressman Paul. In a recent interview, Congressman Paul with a Des Moines radio station you said you were against the operation that killed Osama bin Laden. You said the U.S. operation that took out the terrorist responsible for killing 3,000 people on American soil, quote, showed no respect for the rule of law, international law.So to be clear, you believe international law should have constrained us from tracking down and killing the man responsible for the most brazen attack on the U.S. since Pearl Harbor?
 But no respect for international law was the question about the quote that you used in Des Moines.
 No, I just quoted from your radio.
 International law. I understand.I guess U.S. intelligence officials say they had documents recovered in the compound in Abbottabad that that shows that al Qaeda was planning other attacks, perhaps bigger than 9/11. I asked you in our debate in Sioux City on the topic of Iran about this. But on this topic, GOP nominee Ron Paul would be running far to the left of President Obama on the issue of tracking down and killing terrorists who want to attack the U.S.
 but you voted against the war in Iraq.
 Speaker Gingrich?If you received, Speaker Gingrich actionable intelligence about the location of Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar inside Pakistan would you authorize a unilateral operation, much like the one that killed bin Laden, with or without the Pakistani government knowing, even if the consequence was an end to all U.S.-Pakistani cooperation?
 Congressman Paul, 30 seconds, please, 30 seconds to respond, since you were mentioned.
 That's time.
 Governor Romney? And, again, the bell may be making a comeback. [laughter]Governor Romney, should the United States negotiate with the Taliban to end the fighting in Afghanistan?
 Governor Romney, Mitchell Rice  Mitchell Rice, who I believe is one of your top foreign policy advisers, said that the Taliban may well be, quote, "our enemy and our negotiating partner." He said this means that some type of negotiated solution is the best near-term bet to halt the fighting. Is he wrong?
 Senator Santorum, you said earlier, in the Libyan operation that President Obama missed an opportunity to capitalize on rebel offensives. Now, in Syria at the hands of Bashar al Assad, it's estimated that some 5,000 people have been killed. The country appears to be sliding into civil war and Arab League peace monitors seem to be failing. How would President Santorum, deal with this international crisis?
 Governor Perry, since the Islamist-oriented party took over in Turkey, the murder rate of women has increased 1,400 percent there. Press freedom has declined to the level of Russia. The prime minister of Turkey has embraced Hamas and Turkey has threatened military force against both Israel and Cypress. Given Turkey's turn, do you believe Turkey still belongs in NATO?
 Governor Perry, you sounded like you wanted to get in when Congressman Paul was talking at the beginning of this round on foreign policy.
 Do you have any reaction to what Congressman Paul said?
 You're talking about urinating on the corpses?
 Kelly.Yes, sir.Congressman Paul.
 Kelly Evans.EBANS Governor Romney, when President Obama signed the National Defense Authorization Act into law, he enacted a provision allowing him to indefinitely detain American citizens in U.S. military custody, many, including Congressman Paul, have called it unconstitutional. At the same time the bill did provide money to continue funding U.S. troops.Governor Romney, as president, would you have signed the National Defense Act as written?
 Take whatever time you want.
 You were included in the question in the first place. Do you want 30 seconds to respond to this?
 Kelly?EVANS All right. Change of topic. This question to Governor Perry. What measures would you immediately take to improve the housing market? Or do you consider any such intervention to be an overreach of government?
 Jerry Seib?SEIB Governor Romney, in the book you wrote just before this campaign began, you said you were surprised that the press in the last campaign didn't press for more specifics on how to fix Social Security and Medicare, so let's fix that tonight. Let me ask you specifically Would you reduce the cost of these programs by raising the retirement age for Social Security, by raising the eligibility age for Medicare, or by reducing benefits for seniors with higher incomes?
 Speaker Gingrich. Speaker Gingrich, the plan that you have endorsed for addressing Social Security, you suggest also that younger workers should be allowed to put their tax money into private accounts rather than into the government program.But that plan also says that if those private accounts don't pay out as much as the government program would, Washington should cut a check to make up the difference. Is that really a free market outcome if the government guarantees the outcome?
 Senator Santorum, Senator Santorum, in your jobs program you propose to eliminate the corporate income tax for manufacturers, but not for other businesses. Isn't that picking winners and losers in the same way the Obama administration did when it gave grants to one solar energy company, Solyndra, and it went bankrupt?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Okay, first Speaker Gingrich, your response?
 Quickly. Quickly.
 Last one.
 Governor Romney, do you want your 30 seconds? Or are you just enjoying this back and forth? Would you like to weigh in?
 Coming up, social issues. And a reminder, go to foxnews.com/debate to see how well the candidates are answering the questions with your votes. Keep it here.
 Welcome back to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. And now for the next round of questions, my colleague JuanMODERATOR.
 Gov Romney, Speaker Gingrich says your record of support for gun owners is weak. You signed the nation's first ban on assault weapons in Massachusetts and steeply increased fees on gun owners in that state, in fact by 400 percent. How can you convince gun owners that you will be an advocate for them as president?
 By the way, governor, I remember that you were teased mightily a few years ago to say you hundred varmints. I'm just wondering if you have gone hunting since '07.
 Senator Santorum, you voted in support of requiring trigger locks on handguns. You also voted for background checks on firearm purchases made at gun shows. These positions have led your rivals to question your second amendment bona fides. What can you say tonight to reassure gun owners that you will stand with them?
 Congressman Paul?
 Jerry Seib?SEIB Speaker Gingrich, a super PAC supporting Governor Romney is running an ad here citing a pro-life's group charge that you voted for a bill in Congress, co-sponsored by Nancy Pelosi, that supported China's one-child policy. And they say that means you provided government funding for abortion, but you oppose abortion. What's your response to that charge?
 Governor Romney?
 All right.So I can't do what you just asked me to do, but I can tell them publicly as I can here if there's anything that's inaccurate in any ads that support me I hope they take it off and don't run it.But if we are talking about Super PAC ads that are inaccurate, Mr. Speaker, you have a Super PAC ad that attacks me. It's probably the biggest hoax since Big Foot. The people that looked at it have said that this ad is entirely false, that this documentary that they are running includes businesses I had no involvement with, the events that they described. And yet that's out there on a Super PAC that is supporting you.You said that you think it's bad just as I said the Super PAC that support me is doing bad things. But somehow for you to suggest that you and I have different standards here is just not quite right.
 So governor Romney, in the general election, if you are the nominee you would like to see Super PACs ended?
 Last Twitter question is from an eighth grade teacher in Hobart, Indiana. And it's for you, Speaker Gingrich.Mr. Whiteman, has No Child Left Behind been a success or a failure? If the latter, what needs to be done to change it?
 Thank you all very much. That is the end of our debate, a fiery debate. We appreciate it. That's it for our debate tonight. Our thanks to the candidates, their staffs, the South Carolina Republican Party, and the great people here in Myrtle Beach, fantastic crowd.Of course, the state of South Carolina, as well. They could not have been more hospitable.
 And good morning and welcome to this special edition of "Meet the Press," the final debate before New Hampshire voting begins. All six candidates are here. And before we begin, you know the drill. We quickly go through the rules.Each candidate will have one minute, 60 seconds, to make their statement, to respond to questions, and at my discretion, 30 seconds for follow-ups or rebuttals. We're on a pretty tight schedule, so I will ask the candidates to stay within their allotted time, and we'll see how that goes.We've partnered with Facebook, so some of the questions will come from me and some, of course, will come from you. We encourage you to weigh in on the debate in real time, our online app at mtp.msnbc.com. You can monitor the conversation there, and we'll see some of your feedback during that debate -- over the course of this debate.Candidates, good morning. I just want to say, on behalf of all Americans, that I thank you for being willing to debate each other every 10 hours, whether you feel you need it or not. [laughter]This is an important moment. Elections are about choices. They're about distinguishing one from the other. There's a political element to that, and of course, it has to do with policy, as well.Governor Romney has won the Iowa caucuses, although narrowly. He's up in the polls here in New Hampshire. He's also up in the polls down in South Carolina. Speaker Gingrich, why shouldn't Governor Romney be the nominee of this party? What about his record concerns you most or makes him disqualified to be the nominee?
 Speaker Gingrich, bottom line, you believe that Governor Romney is unelectable?
 Speaker, this is your flyer that you're circulating here in New Hampshire. It says very clearly, "Romney is not electable"?
 Governor?
 Well, Senator Santorum, had you not lost re-election in 2006, you would have been in Washington even longer than you were. It would have been 21 years. So you've got a long Washington record. How do you address this question? Why shouldn't Governor Romney be the nominee? What is disqualifying, in your judgment?
 Well, you did say when you endorsed him four years ago, just those words, that he would stand up for conservative principles, Senator.
 Vis-a-vis John McCain. Governor, your response?
 Go ahead. Governor Romney -- Governor Romney, take 30 seconds there.
 Speaker Gingrich, take 30 seconds here to get in.
 Governor, please.
 Let me bring Dr. Paul into this, because there is a question about who is the true conservative in the race. And Governor Romney said only nine years ago during an interview with New England Cable News, he said the following, "I think people recognize that I'm not a partisan republican, that I'm someone who is moderate and my views are progressive." Do you believe Governor Romney now when he says he is a man of constancy and that he'll stand up for conservative principles?
 You read my mind, Dr. Paul. And we're going to get to......some of the touch choices, not just on politics, but on policy. First Governor Perry, I do want to ask you to flat out -- your staking your campaign going down to South Carolina, is Governor Romney unelectable in your judgment?
 Before I get to Governor Huntsman, I'd be remiss, Governor Romney if I did not allow you to respond to the quote that I read from you nine years ago. What would you say to conservatives so that they'll trust that you will stand up for conservative principles?
 All right. We're going to come back to the question of obstacles to the nomination, but let me get to policy, Governor Huntsman. This is, by all accounts, an age of austerity for this country, a jobs crisis, also a spending crisis in Washington. I wonder what specifically you would do to say to Americans, "These are cuts I'm going to make in federal spending that will cause pain, that will require sacrifice"?
 All right. Well, why don't you get a response, Governor Romney? And then I'll come back to you on the austerity question.WINNER I think we serve our country first by standing for people who believe in conservative principles and doing everything in our power to promote an agenda that does not include President Obama's agenda. I think the decision to go and work for President Obama is one which you took. I don't disrespect your decision to do that. I just think it's most likely that the person who should represent our party running against President Obama is not someone who called him a remarkable leader and went to be his ambassador in China.
 Dr. Paul said let's not be superficial. Let's talk substance. So, Governor Huntsman, name three areas where Americans will feel real pain in order to balance the budget.
 Three programs that will make Americans feel pain, sir.
 Social Security and Medicare?
 Senator Santorum, same question. Three programs that would make -- would have to be cut to make Americans feel pain, to sacrifice if we're going to balance the budget?
 Speaker Gingrich, on the issue of Medicare, when you were on "Meet the Press" earlier in the year, you had talked about what Paul Ryan was talking about as a step too far, which is moving seniors onto a premium support or a voucher program, depending on how you phrase it.As you know, Senator Santorum thinks that current seniors should be moved off of that program into premium support or a voucher program.Do you agree with doing it that quickly and making current seniors bear the brunt of that?
 Governor Perry, from Facebook, a lot of question, as we mentioned, have been submitted. And this from Martin Montalvo, because we do have a spending crisis, but also, a lot of people hurting. He writes this "With more Americans on government assistance than ever before, is it un-American for Americans to feel relieved when the government helps them?"
 And that's your final answer? [laughter]
 All right, I'm going to leave it there.We're going to take a quick break.We are going to come back live from New Hampshire with many more questions for the candidates and feedback from you. So please participate online at mtp.msnbc.com.We're coming right back to New Hampshire.
 And we are -- we are back on this special edition of MEET THE PRESS from here in New Hampshire.We want to get right back to the questions here with our candidates.And before the break, we were talking about Medicare. Paul Ryan, Senator Santorum, had a plan where he'd like to move seniors off, give them a voucher or premium support and then they would take care of their health care from there.There's a lot of debate about that. And I mentioned, you said seniors should be affected right now, 55 plus, have them affected right now, which has been somewhat controversial.You wanted to respond to that?
 Governor Romney, there's a lot of discussion......a lot of discussion this morning on Facebook about taxes. And as we talk about taxes and spending, of course, what about economic security and economic growth.There's been a debate in Washington and beyond, as you well know, between Warren Buffet and Grover Norquist. Grover Norquist, the anti- tax crusader, who says no tax increases under any circumstances. Warren Buffet says, hey, the wealthier in this country can pay more and they should pay more. Indeed, balancing the budget is a way for more economic growth down the line.Who knows more about the American economy, Grover Norquist or Warren Buffet?
 Governor Huntsman, who knows more about the American economy?You -- you -- and this is an odd question, you seem to be a little bit uncomfortable with a moment from earlier in this debate cycle when everybody said that they would reject even a 10 to one ratio of cuts to new taxes.
 Speaker Gingrich, if you become President Gingrich and the leader of the Democrats, Harry Reed says he's going to promise to make you a one term president, how would you propose to work with someone like that in order to achieve results in Washington?
 Anybody else have a point of view about how you would actually work with the other side when they've committed to working against you? Governor?
 Dr. Paul, there's this question of argument versus accomplishment. The question again comes from Facebook. Health Treat (ph) writes, I want to -- Paul Treat (ph) rather -- I want to know what Ron Paul's plan of action will be to achieve getting the House and Senate to help him do all he has promised. And here's the record Dr. Paul. You have actually sponsored 620 measures. Only four made it to a vote on the House floor. And only one has been signed into law.
 Senator Santorum, here's the reality. Two previous presidents, President Bush talked about being a united and not a divider, President Obama talked about transforming Washington, and it hasn't worked. Washington is polarized, the country is polarized, and the American people are pretty sick of the fact that nothing gets done in Washington. Specifically, how do you change that?
 Let me get Dr. Paul to respond...
 Well...
 Senator Santorum, come back to this point. It's easy to say, boy, I'm going to change the culture in Washington, hasn't worked for the past two presidents.
 All right.
 Governor Huntsman, this question of -- if the leader of the Democrats promised to make you a one-term president, how would you go about dealing with them in a more effective way than you think the man you serve, President Obama, did?
 All right.Governor Perry, I want to continue on the theme of leadership.
 This is...[laughter] As you well know, New Hampshire is an independent place. And I wonder where, besides criticizing the previous administration for running up the debt, I wonder where you would buck your party.What would you say or do to make Republicans uncomfortable?
 But aside from that, I just...
 -- I just mentioned that.
 But Governor...
 Governor, my question...
 -- but my question, sir was...
 You think telling conservatives a balanced budget amendment is something I'm going to do and I'm going to cut spending, that's going to make them uncomfortable?
 All right, I've got to take another break here.We'll come back -- we'll come back on this point.Another quick break here.We'll return with much more. And, of course, please share your thoughts with us online via Facebook at mtp.msnbc.com.
 And we are back in New Hampshire.I'm happy to be joined now by our local partners for the debate, for the -- from the "New Hampshire Union Leader," senior political reporter, John DiStasos is -- is with us.UNIDENTIFIED MALE Hi, David.
 Good go have you here, John.And from WHT -- WHDC -- we had this problem yesterday -- TV in Boston, Channel 7 in Boston, political editor Andy Hiller.Welcome to you, as well.Good to have you both.John, get it started.JOHN DISTASOS, SENIOR POLITICAL REPORTER, "NEWMODERATORPSHIRE UNION LEADER" All right, Governor Huntsman, it's winter in New Hampshire. It's a little mild, but it's still winter. Home heating oil is nearly $4 a gallon. Yet President Obama and Congress have cut by 25 percent the program that helps -- helps low income people heat their homes. About a million households that were helped last year won't be helped this year.Is this an example of pain that must be suffered?Should this -- should this program funding be restored?Should it be cut more?So does this program be eliminated, perhaps?Where does this fit in?This is a practical problem in this area of the country.
 Congressman Paul, Congressman Paul......how do you feel about...DISTASOS How do you -- how do you feel about subsidies in -- in general for -- for specific energy and......and also, though, more -- more specifically right now, more immediately, this low income program, heating assistance program.
 Andy Hiller.HILLER Governor Romney, I'd like to remind you of something you said in Bay Windows, which is a gay newspaper in Massachusetts in 1994, when you were running against Senator Kennedy. These are your words "I think the gay community needs more support from the Republican Party, and I would be a voice in the Republican Party to foster anti-discrimination efforts." How have you stood up for gay rights? And when have you used your voice to influence Republicans on this issue?
 Governor, can I just -- very quickly, Senator, because we're about to hit a hard break, a quick comment on this?
 I've got to cut you off. I apologize. We have a mandatory break. We'll be back with more questions in just a moment.ANNOUNCER The NBC News-Facebook Republican presidential candidates debate continues from New Hampshire. Now, the moderator of "Meet the Press," David Gregory.
 And we are back for our final half-hour. So much discussion, Speaker Gingrich, on Facebook in the course of this debate about jobs. And you can understand why. And we've talked about spending; we've talked about economic growth.It was Governor Romney who made the point to a young person who approached him that if he were president, and when this person got out of college, he or she'd have a job. If President Obama has a second term, he or she will not have a job. Isn't that the kind of thing that makes people angry, the politicians, easy answers like that?
 But, Governor Romney, on this economic question, you blame President Obama for the jobs crisis, but when you look at the data and a positive trend line, he still only gets the blame and none of the credit. How come?
 All right.
 Back to John and Andy.John, go ahead.HILLER Governor Romney, I'm going to stay with you for one moment here on the -- talking about regulation. One of your prime New Hampshire supporters, Senator Kelly Ayotte, has said, quote, "New Hampshire should not be the tailpipe for pollutants from out-of-state power plants."Many Senate Republicans attacked an EPA rule limiting air pollution that affects downwind states, but she and others, including Scott Brown, joined with the president and Senate Democrats to block a repeal effort.Now, is this an example, this cross-state air pollution rule, of fair regulation, something that we in the Northeast are very concerned about in terms of pollution? Or is this overregulation, job-killing overregulation?
 Can I just jump in? Senator Santorum, Governor Perry -- he called the president a socialist. I wonder Senator Santorum, when you voted for a new prescription drug benefit that did not have a funding mechanism, were you advancing socialism?
 ...socialism though. That's the...
 You want to have a follow up on that?HILLER No, I'm going to switch to Congressman Paul and I'm going to say, many Americans, particularly Democrats, think that health care is a right. In your opinion, what services are all Americans entitled to expect to get from government?
 Dr. Paul, thanks.In our remaining moment here, back to you, John.DISTASO OK. Well, Governor Huntsman, Andy and I are about to wrap up our role in this debate. And as we do, I'd like to ask you, as someone who's been here in New Hampshire a while, what does our state motto, "Live Free or Die," mean to you personally? And how would it guide you in the White House?
 All right. We're going -- we're going to leave it there.Thank you, John, thank you, Andy, both. We're going to take another quick break here. I'll be back with a final round of questions, including your questions from our "Meet the Press" Facebook page. We're back with our final moments in just a moment.
 We are back.Gentlemen, candidates, we have just a few minutes left. And I'd like to try something, because I do want to get to as much substance and pin you down on views as best I can.I know this could be hard for you, but you are spending a lot of money getting your message out in 30 second increments, based on what I've been watching in the hotel room here in New Hampshire. So I know you know how to do this.Let's try having 30 second answers to some of these questions and we might have some response along the way.Senator Santorum, I want to ask you about Iran. It's been a big issue in the course of this campaign so far.I wonder why it is, if America has lived with a nuclear Soviet Union, we have come to live with a nuclear North Korea, why is it that we cannot live with a nuclear Iran?And if we can't, are you prepared to take the country to war to disarm that country?
 What about Pakistan?They are an indifferent ally, at best. They have nuclear weapons.Are you also prepared, as president, to say they must disarm or else?
 All right.
 Speaker Gingrich, how about tone of this campaign?I was in Iowa. I heard you on the stump. You complained bitterly about the super PAC, the outside groups that were lodging charges against you, bringing up some old issues against you.And now you have a former campaign spokesman who is preparing attacks against Governor Romney, calling him, quote, "a predator" for his involvement at the investment company, Bain.You agreed with someone who said that Governor Romney was a liar when he didn't take account for those attacks against you.Are you consistent now, as you're preparing to launch against Governor Romney?
 How so?
 Calling him a predator is not over the line?
 All right.
 Speaker, you -- you -- you decry the Washington establishment and you just talked about "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post." You have agreed with the characterization that Governor Romney is a liar.Look at him now.Do you stand by that claim?
 Go ahead, Speaker. Go ahead, Speaker.
 Well, how about this? Would you both -- would both agree to take these super PAC ads down?
 Would you both agree that -- to -- to request that these super PAC ads be taken down?
 All right. Let me ask you, Senator Santorum, we've talked some about the role of government, but the presidency is often called the bully pulpit. I wonder as president how you'd use the bully pulpit to try to shape American culture and values?
 Dr. Paul...
 Dr. Paul, quickly, how would you use the bully pulpit?
 All right. Defend liberty and... [laughter]
 Thank you. We're going to take another break here. We'll be back with some closing moments right after this.
 I would like to thank the candidates for joining us. I'd also like to thank our debate partners, Facebook, the New Hampshire Union Leader, and our hosts here, of course, in Concord, the Capitol Center for the Arts. Thank you, of course, for watching and participating in this debate online.Post-debate analysis will continue on MSNBC. Be sure to watch complete coverage of the New Hampshire primary returns. That's Tuesday night on NBC News, MSNBC, and online at nbcpolitics.com. We'll be back next week from Washington. If it's Sunday, it's "Meet the Press."
 And good evening to all of you. Welcome to Saint Anselm College and the first debate of the year, 2012. The voting is underway. And, George, those eight votes in Iowa reminded us on Tuesday every vote counts.
 No question about it, we are off and running. Great to be here with you, Josh. And now let's introduce the candidates former Governor Jon Huntsman; Texas Congressman Ron Paul; former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney; former Senator from Pennsylvania Rick Santorum; the former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich; and Texas Governor Rick Perry.
 And it is time to remind everyone again of the rules, which are pretty straightforward, and we remind you again, they were negotiated and agreed to by the candidates themselves. So let's take you through them.One-minute responses to the question, with 30 seconds for rebuttal. And we're showing everybody at home that the candidates will see green, and then when there's 15 seconds left, it will turn yellow and red when the time is up.
 Our audience was chosen by Saint Anselm College and WMUR. And all of you at home can watch on abcnews.com and yahoo.com. You can even join the discussion by downloading Yahoo's IntoNow app on your iPhone. You can pitch in your opinions during the debate.
 So lets the -- let the debate begin.And, Governor Romney, we'll begin with you. We just saw 200,000 new jobs created last month, and there are optimists who say this is the signal that this economy is finally turning around. Are you with those optimists?
 I want to turn now to Senator Santorum. Senator Santorum, you have said we don't need a CEO, we don't need a manager as president. What did you mean by that?
 It has been written you were talking about Governor Romney. Were you?
 The manager part.
 Governor Romney, your response?
 Let me bring Speaker Gingrich in on this discussion, because, Mr. Speaker, a group supporting you run -- one run by one of your closest long-time advisers just put out a very scathing attack, just today, on Governor Romney, on his tenure as the CEO of that investment firm, Bain Capital.It calls that tenure "a story of greed," that's a quote, saying that Bain made spectacular profits by, again, quote, "stripping American businesses of assets, selling everything to the highest bidder and often killing jobs for big financial rewards."Do you agree with that characterization?
 Is that the Bain model?
 Back in December, you said that Governor Romney made money at Bain by, quote, "bankrupting companies and laying off employees."
 Governor Romney, your response?
 Now, there have been questions about that -- that -- that calculation of a hundred thousand jobs. So if you could explain it a little more. I -- I've read some analysts who look at it and say that you're counting the jobs that were created but not counting the jobs that were taken away.Is that accurate?
 But that includes jobs that were created even after you left, right?
 Let me bring Governor Huntsman in on this, because supporters of yours have also taken aim at this tenure, Governor Romney's tenure at Bain Capital. And, you know the Democrats are preparing to do it, as well.So on balance, should Republicans worry about this attack?Is -- is Governor Romney's record at Bain a weakness or a strength?
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds.
 Congressman Paul, let's stay on the issue of records. You've got a new ad up in South Carolina taking direct aim at Senator Santorum. You call him a corrupt -- a corporate lobbyist, a Washington insider with a record of betrayal. You also call him corrupt in that ad.Senator Santorum is standing right here. Are you willing to stand by those charges and explain them?
 A lot of charges there, Senator.
 Take your time.
 Congressman Paul, do you accept it?
 We'll let everybody get in here, but first I wanted to bring in Governor -- Governor Perry on this. We'll stay on this subject, don't worry about it.
 You've called Senator Santorum the...
 So, Governor, you're saying Congressman Paul is an insider?
 If I can, I'd like to pivot and go to another topic here, which is the issue of commander-in-chief and national security. And Governor Huntsman, you have already said for us that -- that the Iranians have made the decision to go nuclear. You think they want a nuclear weapon. Tell us why you would be better as commander-in-chief than the other candidates on this stage?
 Do you want to speak specifically about anyone on this stage?
 Governor Romney?
 My question is the -- the governor has just said that he thinks he can speak better than anyone else to these...
 I want...
 I want to bring in Josh now.
 I want to stay on the topic of commander-in-chief as well. Obviously that puts you in charge of the most powerful armed forces in the world. Only two of you on stage have served in the military. Dr. Paul was a flight surgeon, Governor Perry a pilot. There are 25 million veterans in this country, three million currently serving active duty so this question is very relevant to a large number of voters out there.My question goes to you, Governor Perry. Do you believe having worn a uniform, being part of a unit, better prepares you for the job of commander-in-chief than those on the state who haven't served?
 Talk about the understanding of the military. And let's go to you, Speaker Gingrich. Recently, Dr. Paul referred to you as a chicken hawk because you didn't serve. Given what you just heard Governor Perry say about understanding the military and Dr. Paul's comments. How do you respond?
 Congressman Paul, would you say that again? Would you -- would you use that phrase again?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul, while -- while we're on the subject, the speaker said that you've had a history of inaccurate statements. There has been quite a bit controversy over this newsletter that went out under your name, a number of comments that were perceived as racist, as inaccurate. You've said that even though they were written under your name, that you're not necessarily -- that you didn't necessarily know they were written, you don't necessarily stand by them. Can you really take the time now and explain to everybody what happened there, how it was possible that those kind of comments went out under your name without you knowing about it?
 We want to thank you for the first round of this debate.And we want to take a break right now.And when we come back, there are so many family issues, the issues of gay rights, that have been front and center in this campaign.We'd love to have you address some of those.Again, thank you for being with us.This is the 2012 debate at St. Anselm.We'll be back.
 You've got a new ad up in South Carolina taking direct aim at Senator Santorum. You call him a corrupt -- a corporate lobbyist, a Washington insider with a record of betrayal. You also call him corrupt in that ad.Senator Santorum is standing right here.Are you willing to stand by those charges and explain them?
 Back in Manchester. Governor Romney, I want to go straight to you.Senator Santorum has been very clear in his belief that the Supreme Court was wrong when it decided that a right to privacy was embedded in the Constitution. And following from that, he believes that states have the right to ban contraception. Now I should add that he said he's not recommending that states do that...
 Absolutely. I'm giving you your due...
 But I do want to get to that core question.
 Governor Romney, do you believe that states have the right to ban contraception? Or is that trumped by a constitutional right to privacy?
 Well, the Supreme Court has ruled --
 I'm sure Congressman Paul...
 ... asking you, do you believe that states have that right or not?
 Hold on a second. Governor, you went to Harvard Law School. You know very well this is based on...
 Yes, they have. In 1965, Griswold v. Connecticut.
 But you've got the Supreme Court decision finding a right to privacy in the Constitution.
 But should that be done in this case?
 Should that be done in this case?
 I understand that. But you've given two answers to the question. Do you believe that the Supreme Court should overturn it or not?
 Go ahead then.
 Senator Santorum?
 On the right to privacy and the response to Congressman Paul.
 Governor Huntsman, you've talked about civil unions. How do you disagree with the others on this stage?
 I'd like to go to Senator Santorum with a similar topic. We're in a state where it is legal for same-sex couples to marry. Eighteen hundred, in fact, couples have married since it became law here in New Hampshire. The legislature passed it a couple of years ago. And they're trying to start families, some of them.Your position on same-sex adoption, obviously, you are in favor of traditional families, but are you going to tell someone they belong in -- as a ward of the state or in foster care, rather than have two parents who want them?
 Well, let me ask you to follow up on that, if you don't mind, Senator. With those 1,800 -- if you -- we have a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, what happens to the 1,800 families who have married here? Are their marriages basically illegitimate at this point?
 If I could come back to the living room question again, Governor Romney, would you weigh in on the Yahoo question about what you would say sitting down in your living room to a gay couple who say, "We simply want to have the right to," as the -- as the person who wrote the e-mail said -- "we want gay people to form loving, committed, long-term relationships." In human terms, what would you say to them?
 Speaker Gingrich has to weigh in.
 Governor Paul -- Congressman Paul, let me bring this to you. You're running here in the Republican primary, but you haven't promised to support the party's nominee in November. And you refuse to rule out running as a third party candidate if you fail to get the nomination. Why not rule that out?
 Governor Perry, do you think everyone on this stage should rule out third party candidacy?
 I would like to turn now if I can back to foreign policy and, Governor Huntsman. Afghanistan, 90,000 troops tonight and we salute them all serving in Afghanistan. What is the earliest you think they should be brought home?
 Governor Romney, time to come home?
 Governor Huntsman, you have a disagreement?
 Speaker Gingrich, do you have any quarrel with that?
 Senator Santorum, would you send troops back into Iraq right now?
 If you were president...
 Governor Perry, we know you have differences with President Obama, but who's got the better of this argument right here between Senator Santorum and Governor Huntsman?
 Now?
 Mr. Speaker, do you agree, send back troops into Iraq right now?
 Governor Romney -- Governor Romney, you've said that you would not send troops in right now, but give us a sense of the trigger. What would it take for you to send troops back in?
 What kind of things?
 I want to give Congressman Paul a chance to weigh in here, because foreign policy is something that a lot of people think is your Achilles' heel when it comes to getting elected. You have said that you wouldn't have authorized the raid to get Osama bin Laden. You think that a nuclear Iran is really none of our business. How do you reconcile that, when part of your job as president would be to...
 A final word on this from Senator Santorum.
 We have got to go to break. Much more to come, we'll be right back.
 And we welcome you back. We want to tackle more on jobs right now, and specifically the ideas the candidates have, individual unique ideas for creating more American jobs, and specifically, Josh, asking about what we think created the age of American energy, which was infrastructure.
 Infrastructure. And we have an example of that here in New Hampshire. If you traveled up I-93 from Boston, I-93 North, you probably went over what was a widening project that's going on. We're about $350 million away from getting this project completed. And a lot of people here think that this is a very important project to get done in terms of our regional economy.So the question is, again, infrastructure. With the increasing demands on our roads and bridges, and the aging roads and bridges, how committed would you be -- and we'll start with you, Governor Romney -- to invest -- not so much as a stimulus package, but a true economic growth package on our infrastructure?
 Speaker Gingrich, I know you agree with Governor Romney again on his views on President Obama, but how would your plans on job creation distinguish you from Governor Romney?
 Infrastructure. And more broadly, job creation.
 Governor Huntsman, where is the money going to come from?
 ...the same amount of revenue as Simpson-Bowles -- the Simpson-Bowles plan that -- that was the commission appointed by President Obama. Would anybody else -- anybody else on this stage agree with that?
 To raise the kind of revenues called for in the Simpson-Bowles Commission?
 Everyone on this stage is for lowering the corporate tax.
 ...what's wrong with the Santorum approach...
 Why not go to zero?
 And, Congressman Paul, we hear over and over again people are hoping for a great vision for America once again, America on the move once again. Give us the great vision that is realistic given the financial situation, a realistic great vision for America.
 Governor Huntsman?
 Governor Romney, why not close all the loopholes, as Governor Huntsman is saying?
 Speaker Gingrich, you just heard Governor Romney... ...make his case. He's... You've made the case on several occasions that he's not the man to carry that message for the Republican Party.Why not?
 And, Josh?
 Senator Santorum, you just heard from the -- both people on either side of you.Enough substance there for you?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Huntsman, vision for dealing with China, competing around the world?
 Under the rules, Governor Huntsman.
 We've got to take a break. We'll be right back with a final word.ANNOUNCER You're watching live coverage from Manchester, New Hampshire, of the ABC News Republican Party Debate.
 We are back and so grateful for this debate tonight. And we thought we might just end on something personal. It's Saturday night, again, as we meet.
 So if you weren't here running for president, Governor Perry, what would you be doing on a Saturday night?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Football?
 And on that note, once again, we thank you all. Tuesday, the big primary in New Hampshire. And that is it for us here at Saint Anselm College in Manchester. And we want to thank all of you in the audience. And your families, once again, your families are here. And we salute all of you who have spent your Saturday night here with us, too. And we thank everybody here in New Hampshire for joining us.
 Speaker Gingrich, since our last debate, your position in this race has changed dramatically. You are now physically at the center of the stage, which means you're at the top of the polls, yet many Republicans seem conflicted about you. They say that you're smart, that you're a big thinker. At the same time, many of those same Republicans worry deeply about your electability in a general election, saying perhaps Governor Romney is a safer bet.Can you put to rest once and for all the persistent doubts that you are, indeed, the right candidate on this stage to go up and beat President Obama?
 Mr. Speaker, Governor Romney...Governor Romney just yesterday said you're an unreliable conservative. Now, obviously, he's your opponent. He's your opponent. But even Iowa Governor Terry Branstad said today he respects you greatly, but he openly questioned whether you had the discipline and focus to be president.
 And what about the concerns from Iowa governor Branstad?
 Now to my colleague, Megyn Kelly.
 A similar question to you, Congressman Paul. You have some bold ideas. Some very fervent supporters and probably the most organized ground campaign here in Iowa. But there are many Republicans inside and outside of this state who openly doubt whether you can be elected president. How can you convince them otherwise? And if you don't wind up winning this nomination, will you pledge here tonight that you will support the ultimate nominee?
 Senator Santorum, no one has spent more time in Iowa than you. You have visited every county in the state. And yet while we have seen no fewer than four Republican candidates surge in the polls, sometimes in extraordinary ways, so far your campaign and you have failed to catch fire with the voters. Why?
 Chris Wallace?
 Thank you Brett. Governor Romney, I want to follow up on Brett's line of questioning to the speaker. Because many of our viewers tell us that they are supporting Newt Gingrich because they think that he will be tougher than you in taking the fight to Barack Obama in next fall's debates. Why would you be able to make the Republican case against the president more effectively than the speaker?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, no one questions your conservative credentials, but what about your appeal to independents who are so crucial in a general election? If you are fortunate enough to become the Republican nominee, how would you counter the efforts by the Barack Obama campaign to paint you as too conservative to moderate voters?
 Neil Cavuto?
 Thank you, Bret. Governor Perry, by your own admission, you are not a great debater. You have said as much, and downplayed debating skills in general. But if you were to become your party's nominee, you would be going up against an accomplished debater in Barack Obama.There are many in this audience tonight, sir, who fear that possibility. And don't think you are up to the fight. Allay them of their concerns.
 Governor Huntsman, your campaign has been praised by moderates but many question your ability to galvanize Republicans, and energize the conservative base of the party. They are especially leery of your refusal to sign on to a no-tax-hike pledge. How can you reassure them tonight?
 As Governor Huntsman just mentioned, there is a real drama playing out real-time in Washington right now with the threat of yet another government shutdown, the possibility that millions of Americans could see their payroll taxes go up. If you're president, as is the case now, and you are at lagerheads with one chamber of congress, how would you handle this situation?30 seconds down the line. Start with Senator Santorum.
 Governor perry?
 Governor Romney?
 We will have many more questions about gridlock in Washington and this topic overall. But Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul?
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Huntsman.
 Thank you. We have many more interesting questions coming up. We have a new feature for you tonight, as well. How well are the candidates answering the questions? We're asking you to weigh in on Twitter. Tweet the candidate's last name and the hash-tag #answer if you think they're tackling the question or the hash-tag #dodge if you think they're avoiding the question. Then you can go to foxnews.com/debate to see those results.Now, during the break, you can head there and check it out. And if you have a suggested question or a follow-up to something you've heard, tweet @bretbaier. We'll be using some of those suggested questions tonight.
 After the break, the candidates on the increasingly sharp tone of this campaign, the economy, and a topic that has not been raised in any of the debates so far. Stay with us.[begin video clip]STRAWN Good evening from Sioux City in northwest Iowa. I'm Matt Strawn, chairman of the Iowa GOP. Four years after repelling Barack Obama to the White House, Iowa has seen a surge of new Republican voters as Iowa Republicans have posted 33 straight months of voter registration gains. And as those Republicans prepare to vote in just 19 days, we understand the responsibility that comes with the privilege of being first in the nation.And because the fight to reclaim the White House extends far beyond Iowa's borders, we want you to be the first to know. So text "Iowa" to 91919 to know the results and other updates. Thank you and now let's return to the final debate before the January 3 Iowa Caucus.[end video clip]
 Thank you Mr. Chairman and welcome back to Sioux City Iowa and the Republican presidential debate. For the next round of questions, I turn to my colleague, Chris Wallace.
 Thanks Brett. Candidates, I'm going to call this section, for lack of a better word, D.C. Culture. Governor Romney, I'm going to begin with you. Speaker Gingrich says that you should give back the millions of dollars you made, in his words, "bankrupting companies and laying off employees." You respond that he has, in your words, "an extraordinary lack of understanding of how the economy works."But his comments dovetail with arguments you hear from Democrats that your belief in, what's called, the creative destruction of capitalism, shows a hardheartedness. What do you think of what Speaker Gingrich had to say about you? And are you vulnerable to that kind of attack?
 Thank you.
 Speaker Gingrich, on the Freddie Mac website in 19 -- in rather 2007 you said this, I like the GSE, or government sponsored enterprise like Freddy Mac model, making home ownership more affordable is a policy goal that I believe conservatives should embrace. Now in an earlier debate, a recent debate, you said that politicians like Barney Frank, who in your words, profited from the environment that led to the financial meltdown, should go to jail.Now that it turns out that you were on the Freddie Mac payroll to the tune of more than $1.6 million, how do you answer critics who say that you're being hypocritical.
 Congressman Paul you are -- and having been in this town for what 48 hours now, you are all over Iowa TV these days with a negative ad about Speaker Gingrich. You accuse him of selling access and playing the corrupt revolving door game. What about the explanation that you just heard, that he's in the private sector and this is free enterprise?
 Speaker Gingrich, 30 seconds to respond?
 Well, let me pick up with that with you, Congresswoman Bachmann, because you accused Speaker Gingrich of peddling his influence with congressional Republicans to help the companies that paid him tens of millions of dollars since he's left office. Given his denial over time and again tonight that he's -- denies ever having lobbied, what is your evidence, hard evidence that he engaged in influence-peddling?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Yes, go ahead. Congresswoman?
 Speaker Gingrich, quickly.
 Now to Neil Cavuto with questions about the economy.
 Speaker Gingrich, not to make you a target, but you...
 You just responded this morning, sir, tweeted originally and with follow-up statements as a major break through of this plan on the part of Republican congressman Paul Ryan working with Democratic Senator Ron Wyden to find a sort of updated way to keep Medicare solvent. This would involve a choice, those who like the program as it is can stick with it. They will be a private option, et cetera.But earlier on, this might have confused Congressman Ryan and others for whom you had said was the initial Medicare fix that it was right wing social engineering. Later on you backed off that comment, said there was much you could find in Mr. Ryan's plan to like.Can you blame Governor Romney for saying you have a consistency problem on this issue?
 Governor Romney do you want to respond to that compliment?
 Congressman Paul, as you have been warning, we are on the brink of another government shutdown because of the spending that you call out of control. But haven't you contributed to that spending problem yourself, sir, supporting over the years earmarks that have benefited your district and your state?Back in 2009, you explained this by saying if I can give my district any money back, I encourage that. I don't think that the federal government should be doing it but if they are going to allot the money, I have a responsibility to represent my people.Isn't that what they call a mixed message, congressman?
 But isn't that the same thing of having your cake and eating it too? You can complain about earmarks but then if there are provisions there that help your district or your state that's different? If 434 other members felt the same way, how would we ever fix the problem?
 Governor Perry, you said the only way to stop our spending problem is to get Congress to stop spending. Quoting you, sir, you said "I vetoed 82 bills in my first year as governor of Texas. I have a record of keeping spending under control."But as Texas agriculture commissioner, you oversaw a loan guarantee program that, as The Austin American-Statesman reported at the time, had so many defaults that the state had to stop guaranteeing bank loans to start-ups in the agribusiness, and eventually bailed out the program with the tax-payer money.So aren't you guilty of the same behavior you rail against as a presidential candidate?
 By the way, Governor, they worked 151 days last year. How much more would constitute part-time?
 Governor Huntsman, as you're probable familiar, sir, the Chinese have just left huge tariffs of up to 22 percent on imports of some American sport utility vehicles, larger American cars.Now as a former ambassador to China and one who has argued for an adult conversation with Beijing, how would you respond to what some are calling a childish move on the part of a country that routinely flouts international trade rules?
 Senator Santorum, right now American companies have trillions parked overseas because of the very high tax rates here. Would you support a tax holiday to bring that money back, but only under, as some Democrats have suggested, the condition that these companies hire workers with that money?
 Thank you, Neil.This question is from Twitter. And it is for you, Governor Romney. @LeonJamesPage tweets, "Over the next 10 years, in what sector or industries will most of the new jobs be created?"
 Thank you, Governor Romney.Now to Megyn Kelly with the next round of questions. And this is a new topic, the judiciary.
 This is something we have heard pressure little about in this election, but something that's an important issue for a lot of voters.Speaker Gingrich, let me start with you. You have proposed a plan to subpoena judges to testify before Congress about controversial decisions that they make. In certain cases, you advocate impeaching judges or abolishing courts altogether. Two conservative former attorneys general have criticized your plan, saying it alters the checks and balances of the three branches of government. And they used words like "dangerous," "outrageous," and "totally irresponsible." Are they wrong?
 What of the former attorney general?These are conservative former attorneys generals who have criticized the plan, as I say, dangerous, ridiculous, outrageous, totally irresponsible.
 Something that was highly criticized.
 Congresswoman Bachmann.
 You heard Speaker Gingrich -- you heard Speaker Gingrich reference the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and that is one of the courts that he has suggested abolishing. It is a left-leaning court and as he points out, as he has done before, he believes it's an activist court because in part it was the court that -- that issued a ruling striking down "under God" in the pledge years ago. A decision that was reversed by the Supreme Court leader.Do you agree that the Ninth Circuit should be abolished? And if so, what would then happen if a Democratic president came into office and we had a democratically controlled Congress that later took aim at the right-leaning federal courts. Where would it end?
 But what do you do about it?
 Congressman Paul let me ask you, do you believe in -- in what the two candidates have said? That it would potentially be OK to abolish courts like the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals entirely, or judges, impeach them if Congress and the president don't decide -- decide they don't like their rulings?
 Governor Romney, many people believe that the way to reign in, so-called activist judges is to be careful in appointing or nominating the judges in the first place. As governor of Massachusetts, you passed over Republicans for three quarters of the judicial vacancies you faced, instead nominating Democrats or Independents. With that track record, why should Republicans believe that you will appoint conservatives to the bench if you become president?
 All right. And I just want to go quickly down the line. With just a name, favorite Supreme Court justice. Senator Santorum -- current.
 And quickly down the line, favorite current Supreme Court justice.
 All right. Would you pick one, please.
 All right. Speaker Gingrich.
 Congressman Paul?
 Last chance to say a name.
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Thank you, all.
 That was a valiant effort.
 I tried. I tried.
 Coming up, there is a lot of ground to cover in this next hour. The threat from Iran and other foreign policy hot spots, up- and-down oil prices, immigration and border issues, and controversial social issues. Stay with us. Remember, tweet @bretbaier with a question or followup. We'll be right back.
 Welcome back to Sioux City, Iowa, and the Republican presidential debate.Fired-up crowd, they're ready for hour number two. And we begin hour number two with an important topic, foreign policy.Congressman Paul, many Middle East experts now say Iran may be less than one year away from getting a nuclear weapon. Now, judging from your past statements, even if you had solid intelligence that Iran, in fact, was going to get a nuclear weapon, President Paul would remove the U.S. sanctions on Iran, included those added by the Obama administration. So, to be clear, GOP nominee Paul would be running left of President Obama on the issue of Iran?
 Congressman Paul, the -- the question was based on the premise that you had solid intelligence, you actually had solid intelligence as President Paul, and yet you still at that point would -- would pull back U.S. sanctions and again, as a GOP nominee, would be running left of President Obama on this issue?
 Understood. And you make that point quite a lot. I'm going to -- I'll try one more time. Iran is reportedly running exercises on closing the Strait of Hormuz, a key passage, as you know, for global trade. Now what should the U.S. response be if Iran were to take that dramatic step?
 OK. Just a reminder again, that little friendly beep is when you wrap up. Senator Santorum, you have a very different thought about the threat from Iran. For several years, according to the U.S. military leaders, Iran has provided training, funding, and lethal arms to jihadists killing American soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan. Are those acts of war?
 Governor Romney, this week President Obama said the U.S. asked Iran to give our downed high-tech drone back. As you know, the Iranians have it on display. They claim they are extracting data from it and they have no intention of giving it back.Yesterday you called the president's response, quote, "extraordinarily weak and timid." Now in your book you write, quote, "weakness invites challenges, acts of intimidation, acts of aggression, and sometimes war."So in this case, are President Obama's actions inviting war?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, today is the official end of the U.S. military operations in Iraq, and there is real concern, as you know, about growing Iranian influence inside Iraq. Also, the deputy prime minister there has expressed concerns about the country possibly slipping into civil war. Are there any circumstances as president where you would send U.S. troops back in to Iraq?
 Congressman Paul?
 Speaker Gingrich, is Congressman Paul...
 Go ahead.
 All right, 30 seconds, Dr. Paul.
 Thank you -- we have been liberal with our friendly ding.Mr. Speaker, you have been openly critical of the United Nations. For example on the topic of Palestinian efforts for statehood at the U.S. you said, quote, "we don't need to fund a corrupt institution to beat up on our allies."In a Gingrich administration would the United States leave the UN?
 Governor Huntsman, do you agree?
 Governor Huntsman, that is the time.
 OK. Two dings in that one.Governor Perry, given the grim details of the recent United Nations report on the Syrian regime killing and torturing its own people, thousands of people said to be killed at the hands of the Assad regime. At what point should the U.S. consider military intervention there?
 Now to my colleague Neil Cavuto -- Neil?
 Candidates, I want to move on if we can to energy issues. And Speaker Gingrich, I would like to begin with you. As you know, the president, sir, has rejected any efforts to tie a payroll tax cut extension with the Keystone pipeline and to reopen it and to explore reopening it as well.He says that any other way to connect the two would be akin to adding an extraneous issue. Given his opposition and -- and the likelihood that the Keystone issue could be up in the air for a year or more, how do you recommend Republicans deal with this to force the issue?
 No offense, sir, but you didn't answer my question. [laughter]What would -- what would you do to try to move on this within a year?
 Governor Huntsman, on the same issue [inaubible] the delay, as you've pointed out, stands to threaten thousands of jobs, in a recent speech, you said potentially up to 100,000 jobs. But the president's supporters say a rushed decision could cost the environment a great deal more. What I'd like to ask you, Governor, is there any condition under which a President Huntsman would say the need to protect our land trumps the need to provide more jobs?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you -- you were very critical, Congresswoman, of the extended shutdown after the BP oil spill that I believe lasted upwards of five, six months, in terms of a moratorium. I was wondering, though, Congresswoman, if you were president and there were such a disaster again, what would be an acceptable period for oil drilling to cease, for you to get to the bottom of a problem?
 Governor Perry, you -- you have railed against the special treatment of Ford and Solyndra as have the other candidates here tonight. And particularly the tax code incentives for green technologies and allowances that have been made for this industry. But it's nexus, governor you have afforded the same attention to the oil industry. Back in 2003, you signed a bill that reduced the tax paid by some natural gas companies that have helped them reap since, better than $7 billion in tax savings. So I -- I guess what I'm saying is, are you guilty of the same behavior as governor, favoring an industry, that you claim this president has, favoring the green industry?
 Thank you Neil. And a reminder, go to Foxnews.com/debate to see how well the candidates are answering the questions with your votes. Coming up, we'll ask about border issues, immigration and a topic that got a lot of attention on Twitter, plus some controversial social issues as well. Stay tuned.
 Welcome back to Sioux City, Iowa. And our Republican presidential debate here in northwestern Iowa.These people tend to like it I think so far. I think they do. You have to next round of questions on board issues and immigration.
 Thank you, Bret.The question is for you, Governor Perry. This topic received traffic on Twitter. You have joined the 57 House Republicans who have called for the attorney general of the United States, Eric Holder, to resign in the wake of the failed federal gun tracking program Operation Fast and Furious.So far, there is no clear proof that Mr. Holder knew about the controversial aspects of this operation. And he points out that he actually helped stop it when it came to his attention. Are you and other Republicans politicizing this issue as General Holder claims?
 Senator Santorum, what say you to the attorney general's claim that the Republicans are politicizing this issue?
 Governor Romney, last week you said that the 11 million illegal immigrants now in this country must return to their countries of origin before they can apply for legal status.You also said that we are not going to go around and round up the 11 million. Why would these illegal immigrants voluntarily leave America just to apply for a chance at legal status, especially when they have your assurance that if they stay put we are not going to round them up?
 Speaker Gingrich, is that realistic?
 Governor Huntsman, a recent FOX News poll showed that 66 percent of voters believe that the government should allow a pass to citizenship for the illegal immigrants who are already here in this country.Nearly three-quarters of Latinos agree. Given these majorities and given the growing importance of the Latino vote in the general election, does the Republican presidential candidate need to take a more moderate approach on this issue if he hopes to defeat President Obama?
 Chris Wallace has the next round of questions.
 Thanks, Bret. Governor Romney, you have changed your position in the last 10 years on abortion, on gay rights, on guns. You say keeping an open mind is a strength, but some of your critics say that every one of these moves has been to your political advantage. When you were running in Massachusetts, you took liberal positions. Running now as president, you take more conservative positions. Is that principle or is it just politics?
 Which -- which one?
 Well...
 If I may just pick up, you say the one issue which I was wrong on was gay rights. Correct, sir?
 It was abortion, gay rights, and guns.
 If I may, sir, in 1994, when you were running for the Senate, you wrote a letter to the Log Cabin Republicans in which you said, "I am more convinced than ever before that, as we seek full equality for America's gay and lesbian citizens, I will provide more effective leadership than my opponent," who was Ted Kennedy.In 1994, you also said you supported not only an assault weapons ban, but also a five-day waiting period. And in 2002, when you were running as governor, you said that you supported the tough gun control laws in Massachusetts. And then as you say in 2004, you also signed an assault weapons ban.So you are still more of a champion of gay rights than Ted Kennedy was?
 I...
 Senator Santorum, you have campaigned on social issues as much or perhaps more than any other candidate on this stage. Are you persuaded that Governor Romney has made these changes or what he says in some cases are not changes, based on principle and not political expedience?
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds to respond, sir.
 All right. Congresswoman Bachmann, you say that Speaker Gingrich has a, quote, "inconsistent record on life" and you singled out comments he made recently that life begins with the implantation of a fertilized egg, not at conception. What is your concern?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Go ahead. I'm...
 Let me just ask you -- no. I want to ask you a direct question, if I may, speaker. That was your rebuttal to Congresswoman Bachmann.
 Absolutely, congresswoman.
 We are way over time. So I'm just going to ask you for 30 seconds to respond on the that specific issue.
 Thank you, speaker.
 I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you very much.PROTESTER [off-mike]
 Thank you very much. Well -- well, let me just finish this question. We're running out of time.Ronald Reagan famously espoused the 11th Commandment Thou shall not speak ill of another Republican. Yet to varying degrees, during this campaign, you've all broken that one way or another, broken that vow. So I guess the question is, how do you balance on the one hand trying to win the nomination with on the other hand not weakening the eventual nominee to the point where he or she is less electable than President Obama?Down the row, Senator Santorum?
 Governor Perry?
 Well, he espoused it. That's what I said.
 Governor Romney?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul?
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Well, that is it for our debate tonight. Thank you all very much. Our thanks to the candidates, their staffs, the Iowa Republican Party, and to all the great people here in Sioux City, and, of course, in Iowa. They could not have been more hospitable.
 And a good evening to all of you welcome to Iowa, welcome to Drake University as the presidential voting draws near, the time is coming. And the political team of ABC News has been out in force throughout this state. And we just wanna say to the people of Iowa, we are endlessly struck by how seriously you take your role as first in line for the vote.
 Every four years first.
 That is true. And it's 24 days now and counting until the voting begins in the caucuses. And-- and it's at the time for closing arguments, so let us introduce the presidential candidates from the Republican party for the United States of America here at the debate tonight.Former Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, Governor Rick Perry of Texas, former Governor Mitt Romney of Massachusetts , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich of Georgia , Texas Congressman Ron Paul,  and Congresswoman from Minnesota, Michele Bachmann.  Thank you all.Before we begin if we can just one note, because George and I have been talking and all of us have been talking to many of you about what it takes to run for the presidency in this country right now. And we are talking about the determination, the physical stamina, the road you travel, the miles you travel and the sacrifices your families make as you do it. So we thought maybe at the end of this year-- the-- the end of this road does approach, we could all just salute your commitment to the presidential race and to democracy in this country. We salute you.
 The rules of the debate are pretty straightforward, the candidates have negotiated them, agreed to them. They're gonna forgo opening statements and then they will give, they've agreed, one minute responses to questions from Diane and me, 30 seconds for rebuttal to those. And we wanna show everybody at home that the candidates can see as well, this clock right here. And we'll shift from green to yellow to red over the course of the allotted time.The audience here at Drake was chosen by the Iowa Republican Party, and all of you at home can follow on ABCNews.com and Yahoo.com. You can even join the discussion by downloading Yahoo's Enter Now app on your iPhone, and with that you can actually pitch in with opinions during this debate.
 So it is time to begin. And people are telling us that they do feel it's time to choose. And the number one issue on which they're going to choose, jobs in America. And we would like to hear from all of you in this opening round. And the question is this what is your distinguishing idea, distinguishing, from all of the others on this stage, about how to create jobs in this create, how to bring jobs back from overseas. And if you will, how many jobs do you think you can create and how long will that take? And Speaker Gingrich, will you lead us off?
 And I want to turn to Governor Romney, if I can. Because you've given a number and you've given a time frame, 11.5 million jobs in four years, aiming for six percent-- unemployment rate at the end of the first time. What is the distinguishing idea to do that?
 And Congressman Paul, a number as a time frame and an idea.
 I wanna come back to those of you with another direct question of whether there is a number of jobs that can be created and a time frame you can tell the American people you can do it in. But I want to turn to Governor Perry for your distinguishing idea.
 All right, Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Senator Santorum?
 I just wanna point out, I think that Governor Romney is the only one who actually gave a four-year, first-term number, which was again, 11.5 million jobs. Wondered if anyone else wanted to come in with a four-year, first-term promise for the American people.
 I wanna move on if I can, to another question which represents some of the urgent and tough choices presidents have to make, because this one is coming up soon, December 31st. And it is the payroll tax cut. And as we know, the payroll tax cut, which funds the Social Security-- fund in this country is part of the argument, part of the debate, part of the consideration about the economy in this country right now.And-- by some estimates, if this tax cut expires on December 31st, it could add as much as $1,000 to the tax burden of American working families. And I know you are divided down the middle, if I can turn to you, Congresswoman Bachmann, and we know that you are a tax attorney, and-- you're familiar with these issues. Should this tax cut go?
 But [unintelligible] is a decision that does have to be made in three weeks. And Governor Romney, you have said it's a "temporary Band-Aid," but you have indicated that you are in favor of keeping it. So how do you differ from Congresswoman Bachmann? Is it worth it?
 I wanna grab that-- this conversation, but-- but very quickly, I believe Speaker Gingrich is also for extending the payroll taxes and so is Congressman Paul, Governor Perry, I believe you're against it-- some are so tur--
 Yeah, you're the only one I-- what is your position on it?
 So it's very divided. Three and three, Congressman Paul, 30 seconds rebuttal, Senate--
 [unintelligible]
 As I said, I do wanna broaden this out, and all of you have been debating for the past several months-- two big questions for this nomination fight. Who has the most consistent conservative candidate among you, and which of you is best able to defeat President Obama? And Governor Romney, Speaker Gingrich crystallized his argument a couple of weeks ago. He said, and I quote, "I'm a lot more conservative than Mitt Romney, and a lot more electable than anyone else." [laugh] I know you don't agree with that thought. [laugh]
 Why don't you name them?
 Your response?
 Take your time. [laughter]
 --you'll get another response, go ahead.
 Governor Romney, your response, then I wanna bring in the others.
 I wanna bring--
 We will-- we will come back to that, I wanna bring Congressman Paul in on this, because-- Congressman, you've been running ads that are quite tough--
 Quite tough on Speaker Gingrich here in Iowa this week, accusing him of quote, and this is a quote from your ad, "serial hypocrisy." Why do you think Speaker Gingrich is a hypocrite?
 All right--
 Let me bring Congresswoman Bachmann in on this, because you make similar accusations against Speaker Gingrich. You called him a "poster boy of crony capitalism." Did he answer your concerns?
 Okay.
 You threw-- you threw a lot out there.  So let's get both-- both of them a chance to respond, Speaker Gingrich, you go first, because you were in there twice-- also on r-- on-- Romney, and then--
 --Senator Romney, right go ahead.
 Thirty seconds, then Governor Romney.
 Governor Romney.
 I wanna bring Governor Perry--  you've heard this argument, I wonder which side you come down on.
 Governor Romney, .
 Governor, if we could ask Speaker Gingrich to respond.
 Governor Perry.
 I gotta get Senator Santorum in here.
 Senator.
 I-- I-- I'm tryin' to be-- we've tried to-- I'll-- I'll-- I'll risk using the word, we've tried to be liberal with the time. But, the time [laugh]-- [unintelligible]close as we can. We-- and we are running up against a commercial break, but it did invoke you kinda swimming backwards, so 30 seconds to respond.
 And we wanna thank all of you. And again, these are the rules that you set up. We wanna be fair. And we wanna hear everything you have to say. These issues are so important. But, it really does help if you stick to the rules that were agreed on. And we appreciate that. And if-- we could, when we come back, we're gonna tackle some other very big issues, immigration, big questions about foreign policy, and also one about states and family values. And that will be when we come back. [music]ANNOUNCER You're watching live ABC News coverage of the Iowa Republican Party debate. [music]
 Your response?
 Take your time. [chuckle]
 That was-- you'll-- you'll get another response, go ahead.
 We are back. It has been a rocking debate so far. And we want to get to another issue that you all talked about extensively in this campaign, and that is values, family, and faith. Governor Romney and Governor Perry, you both made it a feature of ads you ran in Iowa this week, which leads to this question from our partners at the Des Moines Register. And we're gonna show it up on the screen. "Should voters consider marital fidelity in making their choices for president?" And-- and Governor Perry, in South Carolina this week you said this is an important issue. Why?
 The question is-- is about its relevance to the presidential race. So, let me just follow up quickly. Do you think a candidate who breaks his marital vows is more likely to break faith with voters?
 Senator Santorum, you ran this week, last Sunday, and you-- summed up your position of character counts. You said this is relevant as well.
 Congressman Paul, what's your view on this?
 Governor Romney, you-- you chose to make your family and your faith-- the feature of your first ad here in Iowa this week. Why?
 I wanna get-- Congressman-- Congresswoman Bachmann and then Speaker Gingrich, you wrap this up.
 Speaker Gingrich, what do voters need to know about this issue from your perspective?
 And I'd like to turn now, if we can, to the issue of immigration. And so many people talk about it in their living room, talk about it around their dinner tables at night-- if I can. And can we just do one thing for the interest of time? Can we stipulate that every single person on this stage tonight has said the number one thing to do is secure the borders, secure the borders, secure the borders, secure the borders. You may have slightly different prescriptions to do it. But, we stipulate that, that that's what you all want to do first.I'd like to turn, now, the question, the 11 million undocumented people in this country. And Speaker Gingrich, I'm gonna come back to you because you have talked about citizen review boards to review individual cases, that treated them in individual basis. You-- you've-- you mentioned the fact that someone who's been here 25 years, served the community, should get special consideration under this board. How many years is the threshold for your-- is it five years-- has served the community under the criteria that you've set out before, five years also a candidate?
 But, the Pew Center for Hispanic Center, as you know, has said that maybe 3.5 million people could come under the criteria that you laid out.
 But they're talking about people who have been here 15 years. 15 years.
 But, under the criteria that you have set out, do you have a threshold on the number of people you would consider before the review board?
 Okay, I'm gonna turn it to k-- to Governor Romney because we heard Speaker Gingrich say we're not gonna round people up and deport them. And I think at one point-- you said something similar in a meeting at Bloomberg that-- that they're not going to be tracking everybody down and moving them out. And yet, to our colleague David Muir-- wanna try to clarify something. You said, "You seem to indicate that people should go back home to their country." And in some cases it may mean as much as five years if they get at the back of the line or more. Are you saying-- how many people should be sent back home to their countries? Should they be tracked down to establish who they are, sent back home to their country?
 So, you've said all 11 million. If I could Governor Perry-- there is a case or there are a number of these cases of-- of people who have signed up for the military, the U.S. military, who have been undocumented but nonetheless go and sign up. What should happen with them?
 I wanna change subjects now because--  foreign policy was-- Speaker Gingrich caused something of a stir overnight in the Middle East with comments he made in interview with the Jewish channel in which he called the Palestinians an invented people. And-- I just wondered-- G-- Congressman Paul, if I can start with you Do you agree with that characterization, that the Palestinians are an invented people?
 Speaker Gingrich, as I've said, this has caused quite a reaction in-- in the Middle East. The chief Palestinian negotiator, Sa-- Saeb Erekat, said, "Mark my words These statements of Gingrich will be the ammunition and weapons of the bin Ladens and the extremists for a long, long time."
 Governor Romney,  you just heard the Speaker say he was just telling the truth. Do you take any issue with that characterization of the Palestinians as an invented people?
 So there you have it, Mr. Speaker. He says this is gonna make life more difficult for the Israelis.
 I want to turn, if I can, to--
 Congresswoman--
 Under the rules, we need-- your response.
 Who's got the better of this argument, Congresswoman Bachmann? Who's got the better of this argument?
 Yeah. [laughter]
 Okay, but do you think--
 Senator Santorum, let me put to you George's question. Who's got the better of the argument?
 So-- so do we--
 --with prudence, would that be saying Palestinians are invented or not?
 Governor Perry, close this--
 --please.
 We have to take a break right now, and I just want to say that we have a partner in all of this, which of course is Yahoo. I want to put up a question which we want to address when we come back about the struggles of the middle class in this country. And we have a question on Yahoo about the last time those of you had a personal financial strain that forced you to cut back on a necessity, as so many people in the middle class say they do. What were the consequences you fa-- you faced, and will you weigh in on that? And that's when we come back. [music]ANNOUNCER Live from Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, once again, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos.
 And we welcome all of you back and, again, we thank the Republican candidates for president of the United States for debating here tonight. I'm gonna return to the Yahoo question, which brings the struggles of the middle class down to something personal for everyone who is behind a podium up there.And here's what it said "Many of us are forced to make cuts to continue necessities such as mortgage payments, groceries, transportation to work, and health care." And then the question continues, they want to know, "When is the last time you had a personal financial strain that forced you, not only to give up a luxury, but also to cut back on necessity? And what were the consequences you faced?" This is from Andrew in Texas. And I'd like to start, Governor Perry, with you.
 Again, we just want to remind you that, when the red comes up, you-- the rules that were agreed on here. I'll do the two governors; Governor Romney grew up in very different circumstances. What about this question?
 And Congressman Paul, what does this question evoke? How much does it matter to have personal experience?
 Senator Santorum.
 And Congresswoman Bachmann, someone said recently that troubled banks got a bailout, troubled homeowners got evicted. Your response on this question and the struggle for the middle class.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 I wanna stick with Yahoo because as you-- we said at the start, we're getting real-time feedback from our Yahoo audience. Over 12,000 people have already weighed in on Yahoo and ABCNews.com. An-- and this is directed at-- at Speaker Gingrich and-- and-- and Governor Romney, because more than 72% say right now they want to hear more from you about your past support for health care mandates.That's something that they're still not fully satisfied with what they've heard from you. And-- and Speaker Gingrich-- I mean, Governor Romney, let me begin with you because-- you were clear. You've said you've always been against a federal mandate; you supported it in the State of Massachusetts. Where there has been some ambiguity, at least in the past, is whether you think that other states should try the mandate. Back in 2007, you said that you thought it would be good for most states to try it; now you say you wouldn't encourage other states to try. Can you explain that?
 The mandate?
 Speaker Gingrich-- Congresswoman Bachmann pointed out that as-- as late as May of this year, you supported some form of the mandate when everyone else had-- had come out against it. What finally tipped you over and convinced you that it was unconstitutional?
 If I can switch to this question, and-- and it is about health care, because a number of people-- in fact, I was just at a pharmacy here-- I-- have a cough. But I was [laugh] at the pharmacy here in Iowa, and the pharmacists were talking about a big-- driver of health care costs. And they specifically mentioned habits, unhealthy habits that we all need to learn to be better on at a young age. They talked about obesity, they talked about exercise. If I can ask you, Congressman Paul Anything government should do on these fronts?
 On these fronts, specifically, of healthy behavior at very young-- ages for-- it's--
 We-- we are running short on time. I just want to ask quickly, does anyone disagree with the first part of Congressman Paul's answer there, where he said the government really shouldn't be getting involved in these broader issues of behavior?
 Now, it was Governor--
 --Branstad who said this is the-- healthiest--
 --state in the nation, and we will return to the healthiest state in the nation in just a minute.ANNOUNCER [music] You're watching live ABC News coverage of the Iowa Republican Party debate.ANNOUNCER Live from Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa. Once again, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanopoulos.
 And George and I were just talking about the fact, the question we get so often is, why can't people who disagree show respect for each other, and can we all work together, even people who disagree, to move the country forward? And so--
 So we're-- in form of closing, still we just want each of you, you're running against each other. But in these last few minutes, and just think of a minute where we will not run over to commercial, [laugh] tell us the one thing you've learned from someone else, one of your challengers, on stage. Senator Santorum?
 Governor Perry?
 Over to you, Governor Romney.
 Mister speaker.
 Well again, we are at the end of the  time agreed upon by all of you, the candidates. And we thank you so much and we thank the people of Iowa, 24 days the voting begins.
 That's the time for us. We're gonna be back with our political team for their independent analysis. We're hearing lots of opinions on Yahoo and Twitter and Facebook. We'll get to that in just a minute. [music]
 From Constitution Hall in the nation's capital, this is the Republican presidential debate.
 Every U.S. president since Calvin Coolidge has been inside this historic hall, just steps away from the White House.Tonight, the eight Republican candidates are here with their ultimate goal in sight.I'm Wolf Blitzer.We want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world.Tonight's debate is airing on CNN, CNN International, CNN en Espanol and the American Forces Network. We want to thank our co- sponsors, the Heritage Foundation and the American Enterprise Institute.Members of these distinguished conservative think tanks, they are here in our audience and some of them will have a chance to question the candidates. They'll add their knowledge and insights to our discussion, making this unlike any debate so far in this presidential campaign.Viewers also can take part in our debate by sending us your questions online, on Twitter. Make sure to include the hash tag, cnndebate; on Facebook at Facebook.com/cnnpolitics; and, of course, on CNNPolitics.com.It's time now to meet the 2012 Republican presidential contenders.Joining us onstage, the former U.S. ambassador to China, Jon Huntsman.
 Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.
 The former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.
 The former president and CEO of Godfather's Pizza, Herman Cain.The former Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney...Texas governor, Rick Perry...Texas congressman, Ron Paul...  from Pennsylvania, Rick Santorum.Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidates for President of the United States.Now, please rise for our National Anthem. Please rise. The National Anthem performed by Mauricio Perez, from the Tony Award winning musical, "Jersey Boys," now playing at the National Theater here in Washington, D.C.  [national anthem]
 Mauricio Perez, thank you.Candidates, please take your -- to your podiums while I tell you a little bit more about how this debate will work. I'll be the moderator and as I mentioned, our partners from the Heritage Foundation and the American Enterprise Institute will ask questions as well.I'll follow up. I'll try to guide the discussion. Candidates, I'll try to make sure each of you gets your fair share of questions.You'll have one minute to answer, 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. And I'll make sure you get time to respond if -- if you're singled out for criticism.This year more than ever we've seen how events beyond our borders directly affect America, including perhaps the biggest national security issue right now, the economy.Candidates, tonight Republican voters are here. They are watching around the country to decide if you have what it takes to be the next commander in chief, to shape foreign policy, to protect this great nation.On some of these issues you will agree. On some you'll disagree. But by the end of the night, voters should have a better understanding of how you would lead the nation in times of crisis.Now, let's have the candidates introduce themselves to our audience, but we'll keep it very brief. Here's an example of what I'm looking for.I'm Wolf Blitzer and yes, that's my real name. I'll be your moderator this evening and I'm happy to welcome each one of you to our debate.Rick Santorum, let's begin with you.
 Thank you very much. And let's get right to the questions.
 Our leadoff question is from the honorable Ed Meese, the former attorney general of the United States, who is representing the Heritage Foundation.ED MEESE, HERITAGE FOUNDATION At least 42 terrorist attacks aimed at the United States have been thwarted since 9/11. Tools like the Patriot Act have been instrumental in finding and stopping terrorists.Shouldn't we have a long range extension of the investigative powers contained in that act so that our law enforcement officers can have the tools that they need?
 Speaker Gingrich, only this weekend there was an alleged terror plot uncovered in New York City. What do you think?
 So, Speaker, just to clarify, you wouldn't change the Patriot Act?
 Congressman Paul, I suspect you disagree.
 Tell us why.
 I want to bring others in, but do you want to respond, Mr. Speaker?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, let me bring you into this conversation. Are you with Congressman Paul or Speaker Gingrich or do you have your own view?
 Governor Huntsman, where do you stand on the Patriot Act? Do you believe it's un-American, as Congressman Paul has suggested?
 I'm going to give everyone a chance to respond, but let me get this one question from CNN Politics, that came to cnnpolitics.com, and then we'll bring in the rest of you.This was the question "TSA pat-downs violation of civil liberty or a necessity to ensure national security?"Governor Romney?
 Governor Perry...... you proposed legislation that would criminalize these TSA pat-downs under certain circumstances.
 Explain what you have in mind.
 Senator Santorum, under certain circumstances in the past, you've supported profiling. Is that correct?
 What do you have in mind?
 So just to be precise, is it ethnic profiling, religious profiling? Who would be profiled?
 Congressman Paul?
 Herman Cain, let's bring you into this conversation. Are you with Senator Santorum when he says that there should be religious profiling, that Muslims in particular should get extra screening when they go -- go through airports?
 What does that mean?
 Now, just to be precise, Mr. Cain. I just want to -- I'll give you a chance. Is it OK for Muslim Americans to get more intensive pat downs or security when they go through airports than Christian Americans or Jewish Americans?
 Thank you, Cain. [laughter]  All right. Go ahead. We have another question. Please give us your name and the organization you represent.QUESTION I'm Fred Kagan, resident scholar and director of the Critical Threats Project at the American Enterprise Institute.And my question is, the raid that killed Osama bin Laden was obviously an important success in the struggle against al-Qaeda, although it also drove U.S. relations with Pakistan into a new low.Do you think that an expanded drone campaign in Pakistan would be sufficient to defeat al-Qaeda and to secure our interests in Pakistan?
 Governor Huntsman?
 We're gonna get to Afghanistan.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, we'll be bringing you in. You're a member...
 All right. You're a member of the Intelligence Committee. Do you think, as Governor Perry has said, that Pakistan should no longer receive U.S. aid because they've shown they're not a good friend, ally of the United States?
 So...
 ... you would continue that aid to Pakistan?
 Governor Perry?
 You want to respond, Congresswoman Bachmann?
 I just want to give Governor Perry the chance to respond.She just said your views are highly naive.
 All right, I want to move on.
 I want to move on, but you'll have a chance -- you'll have a chance to respond...
 Very quickly.
 All right. Let's take another question from the audience.Please give us your name and your organization.QUESTION Israel Ortega with the Heritage Foundation.Is the money that we've drawn back from U.S. troops in Afghanistan really worth the risk of allowing Taliban to expand territories, and Al Qaida to grow safe sanctuaries?
 Governor Romney, $2 billion a week the United States is spending right now in Afghanistan, $2 billion, more than $100 billion a year. And U.S. troops are supposed to stay for another three years at least, till the end of 2014. Is that money well spent?
 Now, Governor Huntsman, do you agree with Governor Romney that the U.S. has to stay in Afghanistan at these levels?
 Let me let Governor Romney respond.
 Let me bring the speaker in. What do you say...
 -- pull out?
 You want -- oh, go ahead.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 All right.
  got a chance.
 Speaker?
 Go ahead.
 Senator Santorum?
 We are going to come to Congressman Cain [sic] in a moment. But just hold your horses for a second because we're going to take a quick break. Much more coming up. The former chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff calls this the number one threat to America's national security. The candidates will answer that question on this topic, coming up next.We want you to send us your questions for the candidates. Go to cnnpolitics.com or facebook.com/cnnpolitics or on twitter use #cnndebate. Our coverage of this historic debate at Constitution Hall in Washington continues in a moment.
 Welcome back to historic Constitution Hall here in the nation's capital.We're continuing the CNN national security debate. Let's go right to the audience. We have a question from the audience.Go ahead with your question.Hello?No question from the audience.Yes, we do. We do have a question from the audience. [laughter]We were waiting for you. [laughter]QUESTION I'm Mike Gonzalez of the Heritage Foundation.
 Thank you.QUESTION If Israel attacked Iran to prevent Tehran from getting nuclear weapons, would you help Israel launch the attack or support it otherwise?
 All right. We've got the question. Let me ask Herman Cain first. Did you get the question?
 If -- the specific question is, if Israel attacked Iran to prevent Tehran from getting nuclear weapons, would you help Israel launch the attack or support it otherwise?
 Congressman Paul, would you support Israel and help Israel in such an attack?
 Let me let Herman Cain respond.
 Let's stay on this subject. And I want all of you to weigh in. We have another question.Please give us your name and your organization.QUESTION Good evening. I'm Danielle Pletka; I'm the Vice President for Foreign and Defense Policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Yesterday the United States and the U.K. slapped new sanctions on Iran. But we haven't bought oil directly from Iran in over 30 years. We've had targeted sanctions on Iran for more than half that time.Nonetheless, Iran is probably less than a year away from getting a nuclear weapon. Do you believe that there is any set of sanctions that could be put in place that would stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon?
 Let's go to Governor Perry. What do you think?
 The argument, Speaker Gingrich -- and I know you've studied this, and I want you to weigh in -- on the sanctioning of the Iranian Central Bank, because if you do that, for all practical purposes, it cuts off Iranian oil exports, 4 million barrels a day.The Europeans get a lot of that oil. They think their economy, if the price of gasoline skyrocketed, which it would, would be disastrous. That's why the pressure is on the U.S. to not impose those sanctions. What say you?
 But sanctions on the Iranian Central Bank now, is that a good idea or a bad idea?
 I want Congresswoman Bachmann to weigh in. Go ahead.
 But that's going to take many years.
 Thank you. All right. I -- I -- I want to -- I want to -- we're gonna continue this but we have another question from Paul Wolfowitz. Go ahead.QUESTION My name is Paul Wolfowitz. I'm a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and my question is about development assistance.Under George W. Bush, who was a conservative Republican, the United States spent billions of dollars to fight AIDS and malaria in Africa and elsewhere and set up the Millennium Challenge Corporation to encourage governments of poor countries to pursue policies that promote economic growth and job creation.Do you believe those are still wise expenditures? Or do you think we can no longer afford them?
 Senator Santorum?
 Herman Cain?
 All right, here's the question. Can the United States afford to continue that kind of foreign assistance to Africa for AIDS, malaria -- could run into the billions of dollars?LOSER It depends upon priorities. Secondly, it depends upon looking at the program and asking the question, has that aid been successful.In other words, let's look at the whole problem. It may be worthwhile to continue. It may not. I would like to see the results.Just like every program we have here domestically, what have the results been. Then we make a decision about how we prioritize.Ron Paul?
 Governor Romney?
 Hold on one second because Ron Paul wants to respond to that point.
 All right. We're going to stay on this subject.Go ahead.ALISON ACOSTA FRASER, FORMER DEPUTY DIRECTOR, OKLAHOMA OFFICE OF STATE FINANCE Hi, my name is Alison Acosta Fraser, and I'm the director of the Roe Institute for Economic Policy Studies at the Heritage Foundation. And my question is this, the next president will have to make some very, very tough choices in order to solve the nation's spending and debt crisis. Would you be willing to say that our national security is so paramount that cuts to the defense budget are unacceptable?
 Speaker Gingrich.
 I'm going to bring Governor Huntsman in, but very quickly, Mr. Speaker, would you, if you were president of the United States, bomb Iran's nuclear facilities to prevent it from becoming a nuclear power?
 Governor Huntsman, where do you stand on defense cuts?
 Thank you very much.Let me bring in Governor Perry into this conversation.As you know, the so-called supercommittee failed. And as a result, unless Congress takes action next year -- in an election year, that would be difficult -- there's not going to be any change in that automatic trigger as it's called. That sequestration, $1.2 trillion cut, including $600 billion in defense, will go into effect.Here's the question. If you were president of the United States, would you compromise with Democrats in Congress in order to avoid that Washington gridlock that, if you believe the polls, the American people hate?
 Here's the question, though. Would you compromise -- all of you have said you wouldn't accept any tax increases at all, even if there were 10 -- 10 times as many spending cuts. So would you just let the gridlock continue, Governor Perry, or would you compromise under those circumstances?
 Let me bring Senator Santorum into this, because I covered Ronald Reagan's presidency. And, as you know -- and I'll read a quote. He wrote in his autobiography this "If you got 75 of 80 percent of what you were asking for, I say you take it and fight for the rest later."If you got 75 percent or 80 percent of what you wanted, would you make a deal with Democrats, increase some taxes in order to move on and fight the next battle the next day?
 Thank you.
 Let -- but let's stay on this subject, because I know many of you want to weigh in.We have another question.ALEX BRILL My name is Alex Brill and I'm a research fellow in the economics department at the American Enterprise Institute. Even if the super committee hadn't failed, the savings that they would have proposed would have been a drop in the bucket relative to the $11 trillion deficit our country may face in the subsequent decade. In the decades after that, without entitlement reform, we'll borrow even more.To strengthen our economy, to strengthen our country, what entitlement reform proposals would you make to address our long-term structural deficit?
 Good question.Speaker Gingrich?
 Let's talk about that, Congresswoman Bachmann.Social Security, Medicare, health care -- what would you cut first?What would you tackle if you were president of the United States?
 All right. I want everybody to stand by and all of you are going to weigh in. We've got a lot more to discuss, important issues that we're talking about. Collect your thoughts for a moment.More tough questions for the candidates including their plans for protecting the border, reducing illegal immigration -- we're live from Constitution Hall here in Washington, D.C. This is the CNN Republican National Security Debate.
 Welcome back to the CNN National Security Debate.The next President of the United States will certainly have to tackle conflicts in the Middle East. You're looking at these live pictures coming in from Cairo's Tahrir Square right now, the middle of the night in Egypt.Thousands of Egyptians are again protesting their government as the Arab Spring continues into the winter months.The candidates will weigh in on this and much, much more. We're being seen live, around the world right now. Remember, you can send in your questions and comments at cnnpolitics.com; at Twitter, remember hash tag #cnndebate.The Republican National Security Debate -- we'll be right back.
 Welcome back to the historic Constitution Hall here in Washington, D.C. We're at the CNN Republican National Security Debate. Let's go right to the audience. We have a question. Please, give us your name and your organization.TRULUCK Thank you. My name is Phil Truluck. I'm executive vice president and chief operating officer of The Heritage Foundation. And I'd like to thank all the candidates for joining us tonight. I know some of you may want to be in other places, but we appreciate you being here and sharing your views with us.Let's -- I'd like to turn it back a little bit, a little closer to home, and talk about what's going on on the borders, our southern border. As all of you know, the drug-related crimes and violence are getting heavier and heavier in that area.First, do you consider that to be a national interest threat? And, secondly, what could we be doing with the Mexican government to help stop these drug cartels?
 Let's go to Governor Perry. You represent the state with the longest border with Mexico right now. What do you think you should do, if you were President of the United States, as far as using the United States military?
 Congressman Paul, you're from Texas. Do you agree with your governor?
 But I just want you to clarify. When you say cancel the war on drugs, does that mean legalize all these drugs?
 Herman Cain, let me let you...... weigh in.
 Let's stay on this subject. Go ahead, please.QUESTION I have a question about high-skilled immigration. We hear a lot about low-skilled immigration, so I want to ask you about high-skilled immigration.What would you do to ensure that the United States is as welcoming as possible to the world's skilled immigrants and entrepreneurs?
 Senator Santorum?
 Speaker Gingrich, let me let you broaden out this conversation. Back in the '80s -- and you remember this well. I was covering you then. Ronald Reagan and you -- you voted for legislation that had a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants, as you well remember. There were, what, maybe 12 million, 10 million -- 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States right now.Some called it amnesty then; they still call it amnesty now. What would you do if you were President of the United States, with these millions of illegal immigrants, many of whom have been in this country for a long time?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you agree with the speaker?
 Let me let the speaker respond to that.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you want to respond?
 Let's broaden it out.Governor Romney, where do you stand? Are you with the speaker, that some of those illegal immigrants -- I think -- he didn't say all -- some of them, if they have roots, they belong to a church, for example, should be allowed to stay in this country?WINNER Look, amnesty is a magnet. What when we have had in the past, programs that have said that if people who come here illegally are going to get to stay illegally for the rest of their life, that's going to only encourage more people to come here illegally.The right course for our immigration system is to say we welcome people who want to come here legally. We're going to have a system that makes that easier and more transparent. But to make sure we're able to bring in the best and brightest -- and, by the way, I agree with the speaker in terms of -- I'd staple a green card to the diploma of anybody who's got a degree of math, science, a Masters degree, Ph.D.We want those brains in our country. But in order to bring people in legally we've got to stop illegal immigration. That means turning off the magnets of amnesty, in-state tuition for illegal aliens, employers that knowingly hire people that have come here illegally.We welcome legal immigration. This is a party, this is a party that loves legal immigration. But we have to stop illegal immigration for all the reasons the questioner raised, which is, it is bringing in people who in some cases can be terrorists, in other cases they become burdens on our society.And we have to finally have immigration laws that protect our border, secure the border, turn off the magnets, and make sure we have people come to this country legally to build our economy.
 Just to precise, and I'll give Speaker Gingrich a chance to respond. Are you saying that what he's proposing, giving amnesty in effect, or allowing some of these illegal immigrants to stay, is a magnet that would entice others to come to this country illegally?
 Governor Perry, are you with the speaker or with the governor, Governor Romney?
 Let me let Governor Romney respond.
 You would let them stay.
 You would let them stay?
 All right. Let's take another...... quick break because we have a lot more to -- I want to bring everybody into this conversation. We're also going to broaden the conversation and go to the Middle East and see what's going on in the so-called Arab Spring.Don't forget, Twitter -- you can weigh in on what's going on, #CNNdebate. Also, go to Facebook, CNNpolitics.com. Much more from historic Constitution Hall, here in the nation's capital, right after this.
 All right. Welcome back to the CNN Republican national security debate. Let's go right to the audience.Please give us your name and your organization.QUESTION I'm David Addington. I'm a vice president with the Heritage Foundation.Serious violence has erupted in Syria between the repressive al- Assad regime and some elements of the people of Syria. Syria borders a major ally of the United States, NATO ally, Turkey, and three other friendly countries, Israel, Jordan and Iraq.In your view, what are the interests of the United States in this region and what would you do to protect them?
 Herman Cain, you may not know this, but today Governor Perry called for a no-fly zone, for the U.S. to participate in a no- fly zone over Syria. Would you go that far? Would you support that?
 Governor Perry, why would you support a no-fly zone over Syria?
 Governor Huntsman, let me bring you into this conversation.We just got a question from Twitter. I'll read it to you."So many people view the Arab spring as a good thing. Given the recent violence in Egypt, do you worry this can go bad?"And we've got some live pictures we're going to show our viewers out there of Tahrir Square in Cairo right now. Thousands of people are protesting the military regime in Egypt right now.What do you say to this person who sent this -- this -- this Twitter message to us?
 All right, let's stay in the region.We have another question from the audience.
 I'm Katherine Zimmerman from the American Enterprise Institute Political Press Project.The United States adopted a policy of disengagement with Somalia after its retreat following Black Hawk down.Today, an al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, controls significant territory in that country.What can the United States do to prevent Al Shabab from posing the same threat that al Qaeda did from Afghanistan 10 years ago?
 Congressman Paul?
 Right.
 Governor Romney, where do you stand?
 Just to be precise, are you with Governor Perry...... on declaring a no-fly zone over Syria?
 We're ready to wrap it up. But let me have Governor Perry react.
 All right. Let's take another question from the audience. This is last question. Go ahead.QUESTION My name is Mark Teese and I'm a visiting fellow with the American Enterprise Institute. And my question has to do with the unexpected. During the 200 Presidential debates, Governor George W. Bush was never asked about the threat from Al Qaida, yet the battle with Al Qaida dominated his presidency. What national security issue do you worry about that nobody is asking about, either here or in any of the debates so far?
 All right. Let's go down the line and start with Senator Santorum. Give us a quick answer. What do you think?
 Thank you.
 All right.
 Thank you, Senator.I want to do this quickly, if we can, because we don't have a lot of time.Congressman?
 Governor Perry?
 All right. We've got to keep it brief. But, go ahead...... Governor Romney.
 Thank you, Governor. Mr. Cain?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Thank you. Congresswoman?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Thank you to...... all of you. And thanks to all of you as well. We have to leave it right there. We want to thank our partners, the American Enterprise Institute. We want to thank the Heritage Foundation. Thanks very much for watching. I'm Wolf Blitzer here at Constitution Hall.
 Good evening from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina. I'm Scott Pelley with CBS News along with my colleague Major Garrett of National Journal. In just under a year now, Americans will go to the polls to choose a president. Tonight, CBS News and National Journal are pleased to bring you a discussion of the issues by the Republican candidates for their party's nomination.The focus will be foreign policy and national security, the president's role as commander in chief. Consider this, the 9/11 attacks came in the eighth month of a new presidency, the Bay of Pigs in the 13th week, and the Civil War on the 40th day of a new presidency. Reminders from history that a president must be prepared to deal with a crisis from day one.The ground rules for tonight's debate are simple. A candidate who is asked a question will have one minute to respond and then at a discretion of the moderators, there can be a 30-second follow-up or a 30-second rebuttle from another candidate. The debate will run a total of 90 minutes. The first hour will be broadcast right here on the CBS television network, the entire 90 minutes will be streamed on CBSNews.com and NationalJournal.com. And we invite you to submit questions during the debate to either w-- website. Joining me now in asking the questions, Major Garrett.
 Scott, thank you very much. One more piece of housekeeping. Let's introduce the candidates. Former Utah Governor, Jon Huntsman. Representing the 6th District of Minnesota, Congresswoman Michele Bachmann. Representing the 14th District of Texas, Congressman Ron Paul.From Atlanta, Georgia, businessman Herman Cain. Former Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney. Former House speaker, Newt Gingrich. Current Texas governor, Rick Perry. [cheering] And former Pennsylvania senator, Rick Santorum. Mr. Cain, I'd like to begin this evening with you, sir.
 This week, a U.N. nuclear watchdog agency provided additional credible evidence that Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapon. If you were president right now, what would you do specifically that this administration is not doing to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon?
 A quick follow up, Mr. Cain. You say assisting the opposition, would you entertain military assistance and opposition?
 Governor Romney, would it be worth goin' to war to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon?
 Governor, on the question. We're gonna adherer to time, very quickly. But let me--
 Yes, sir, and that was--
 The-- the 60--
 You-- you know what, Governor? I stand corrected. You are right. Please continue.
 But sir, let me-- you just described where we are today, and that's what you're going to have to deal with if you become president. How do you prevent them from obtaining a nuclear weapon? Is it worth going to war to prevent that?
 This time, it is time.
 --30 seconds, though, on the follow ups. We're gonna try to adhere to the time.
 Mr. Speaker, is this the right way to look at this question, war or not war? Or do you see other options, diplomatically, or other non-war means that the United States has in its possession to deal with Iran that it has not employed?
 Could you tell us the smart ways, Mr. Speaker?
 Congressman Paul, let me follow up with you for just 30 seconds. Is it worth going to war to prevent a nuclear weapon in Iran?
 Thank you, Congressman. Governor Perry, what's your appraisal of the combat situation on the ground in Afghanistan today and what would you change?
 Governor, I'd like to move on, could you give us a sense of your --of your appraisal of the combat situation?
 There-- there you go.
 But Governor, if I can just follow up for 30 seconds. The question was, "What's your appraisal of the combat situation on the ground there, and what would you change as commander in chief?"
 Senator Santorum, I know you want to jump in on Iran. I'll give you that opportunity in just a second. So let me merge two things if I could, just one second. The Taliban said earlier this summer quote, "The Afghans have an endless stamina for a long war." If you were commander in chief, would you have endless stamina for victory in Afghanistan? And would you, this evening, define victory in Afghanistan for the American people? And please weigh in, I know you do want to, on Iran.
 Senator, I'm sorry.
 That's time. I'm sorry. We're gonna try to adhere to time and be fair to everyone in the-- application of that rule.
 That is time. Thank you. Representative Bachmann, do you think the 30,000 surge troops in Afghanistan have made a difference, and if so, where?
 Thank you, Congress-- Congresswoman Bach-- Bachmann, thank you very much. Let me come over to you, Governor Huntsman. And-- and ask you, we are seeing spikes in casualties in Afghanistan, in new places. Can you explain to me what's happening there and how you would change that as commander in chief?
 Make sure I understand. Bring all the troops home today?
 And that's time. Thank you, sir.
 Governor Romney, a much smaller footprint in Afghanistan? Do you support that? And secondarily, sir, is it time or would it ever be time for the United States to negotiate with the Taliban?
 Mr. Speaker, how do you achieve peace in Afghanistan if you don't negotiate with the Taliban?
 Would you agree that the Taliban--
 Related to that, Mr. Cain, I'd like to pick up on a point that Speaker Gingrich just made. You have said about foreign policy, "America needs to be clear about who its friends are and who its foes are." So this evening, sir, Pakistan, friend or foe?
 If you were president, sir, and your national security council asked you what questions you would want answered to find out a better answer to this very question, what would you tell 'em?
 Governor Perry, why is Pakistan playing a double game, saying that it supports the United States one moment and then supporting terrorists who are killing American troops the next? What's going on there?
 That's time, Governor. Governor, let me give you 30 seconds in the follow up to go back to the question, "Why is Pakistan playing this double game?" Help us understand-
 --what's going on there.
 And that's--
 --time, Governor. Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you serve on the Intelligence Committee. I'd like to get your assessment of what you think is happening in Pakistan, especially with the Hikani Network. And you know from sitting on that committee that those in the diplomatic corps in this country and even the intelligence community believe that there is a tangible benefit, at times, to properly appri-- apply foreign aid from this country. So I want to know if you agree with the governor on that question, starting at zero. And also your assessment of the intelligence situation in Pakistan, and what we should do about it.
 Congresswoman, thank you. Speaker Gingrich, you presided-- as speaker over several foreign aid budgets for the United States. And I remember covering in 1995 the intervention on behalf of the Mexican peso. You have seen, at times, the proper role of the United States through foreign aid and other interventions. I want to know if you agree with-- Governor Perry about starting at zero?
 Just a quick follow up, Mr. Speaker. Since you've entered-- since you mentioned Egypt, Mr. Speaker, I just want to know, if you were president, if the aid that we currently provide on an annualized basis to Egypt would be completely rethought and possibly eliminated, if you were president?
 Senator Santorum-- if a Pakistani nuclear weapon goes missing, what do you do?
 But the Pakistanis back a terrorist network, the Hikani Network, that laid siege to the NATO headquarters and the U.S. embassy in Kabul for 20 hours, a few weeks ago.
 How do you make friends out of Pakistan?
 Senator, we'll have to leave it right there. We will have more of the Republican Commander in Chief Debate in just a moment.
 Welcome back to Spartanburg, South Carolina and the Republican commander in chief debate. I'm Scott Pelley with CBS News along with Major Garrett of National Journal.
 Thanks again, Scott. Mis-- Mr. Speaker, you said yesterday that Governor Romney is a competent manager. But you said you were unsure if he was really capable of changing Washington. You said you were the change agent. Based on the arc of this campaign and perhaps what you've heard tonight, would you care to evaluate Governor Romney's ability to think outside the box and change United States national security or foreign policy perspectives.
 You said so last night. Then what was the point, sir? Then what was the point, sir, of bringing it up yesterday on a national radio show?
 But, Mr. Speaker. If you-- if you would like to--
 Then, Mr. Speaker, I well remember you talking as Speaker about the necessary-- or the necessity of leaders to think outside the box.
 If you were president, how would you think outside the box about some of the issues we've discussed here tonight?
 And that's time, Mr. Speaker. Thank you very much. Mr. Cain, you've often said that you'll listen to your generals for their advice before making decisions as commander in chief. How will you know when you should overrule your generals?
 Senator Santorum, this is really a question about how you build a leadership model. How, sir, would you decide when it was necessary for you as commander in chief to overrule the advice you get from either your civilian advisors or your military advisors?
 You mentioned your agenda. If you could prioritize one or two points, maybe more if you'd like, what your key agenda is on national security.
 And that's time, Senator. Thank you very much. Governor Perry, you advocate the elimination of the Department of Energy. If you eliminate the Department of Energy--
 I've had some time to think about it, sir.
 If you eliminate the Department of Energy, what do you do with the nuclear weapons?
 And that's time, sir.
 And that's time, thank you.
 I don't need to tell the people on this stage that presidential politics is interactive business. And, of course, this debate is interactive as well. And we have an email question I'm happy to say, emailed into the National Journal. And it comes from Stephen Schafroth of Odell's, Oregon. And I'd like to address this question to Mr. Cain. Stephen writes, "I served on an aircraft carrier during the Vietnam War. I believe that torture is always wrong in all cases. What is your stance on torture?"
 Mr. Cain, of course you're familiar with the long-running debate we've had about whether waterboarding constitutes torture or is an enhanced interrogation tech-- technique. In the last campaign, Republican nominee John McCain and Barack Obama agreed that it was torture and should not be allowed legally and that the Army Field Manual should be the methodology used to interrogate enemy combatants. Do you agree with that or do you disagree, sir?
 And then you would support it at present. You would return to that policy.
 Congressman-- congresswoman Bachmann, your opinion on this question that our emailer asked.
 Congressman Paul, my spidey sense tells me we have a debate about to get launched here. I know you have an opinion you'd like to weigh in.
 How do you-- how do you define torture, sir?
 And that's time, thank--
 Give-- you know, let's-- let's allow--
 --let's-- I'm sorry, Congresswoman, just a moment if you would, please.
 Let's give-- let's give-- Governor Huntsman an opportunity to take 30 seconds on that question.
 And that is time. Thank you, sir. Governor Romney. Governor Romney, recently President Obama ordered the death of an American citizen who was suspected of terrorist activity overseas. Is it appropriate for the American president on the president's say-so alone to order the death of an American citizen suspected of terrorism?
 And-- and that's time, Governor. Lady-- ladies and gentlemen, -- ladies and gentlemen, the applause are lovely. But we will not have doing. Thank you very much. We'll have-- we'll have courtesy for all of the candidates on the stage. Speaker Gingrich, if I could just ask you the same question, as President of the United States, would you sign that death warrant for an American citizen overseas who you believe is a terrorist suspect?
 Not-- not found guilty by a court, sir.
 Well, that's ex-judicial. That's-- it's not--
 --the rule of law.
 No.
 Governor Perry, if you'll indulge, then, sir, I'd like to change the subject a little bit to China. According to U.S. officials, China is using cyber-attacks to steal billions of dollars of intellectual property that is critical to this nation's economic success. Are we, sir, engaged in financial warfare with China?
 Governor, thank you, that's time. Governor Romney, I wonder, how would you manage China to avoid a 21st century Cold War?
 And--
 That's time, Governor, but I'll--
 That's time, Governor. But I would like to ask you a follow-up on that point. You-- you talked about all the things that China should be doing. How do you affect that as commander in chief? How do you make China do these things?
 Governor Huntsman, Governor Romney just said we're in the middle of a war that's-- we're not even declared or we're not even aware of. And Governor Perry said China will end up on the ash heap of history. You've been in China. You were the ambassador for our nation there under President Obama. What's your reaction?
 And Governor, we're going to have to--
 We're gonna have to leave it there, Governor.
 Governor--
 That's time. I thank you very much. We will be back with the Republican commander in chief debate from Wofford College in just a moment.[pause]
 Welcome back to South Carolina and the Republican commander in chief debate. Governor Perry, we just got a-- question via Twitter from Barbara McMann. And Barbara asked this question of you. "Does Governor Perry's Foreign Aid Starts at Zero include Israel?"Rick Perry Well, as Governor Perry-- would tweet back to her that-- absolutely. Every country would start at zero. Obviously, Israel is a special ally. And my bet is that we would be funding them-- at some substantial level. But it makes sense for everyone to come in at zero and make your case. As a matter of fact, we oughta try that-- doin' that with some of those agencies that I was tryin' to think the name of the other night.Starting at zero, zero-based budgeting, and Newt will share with you, is we've gotta go there. And everyone has to come in and make your case. It's what the American people are doin'. There's somebody at home sittin' watchin' T.V. tonight, lookin' for a job. And they're havin' to budget. Why in the world would our federal government get a pass on sending our tax dollars to any country--
 And, Governor, I have to s--
 We're gonna have to leave it right there. I thank you very much. That brings us to the end of the first hour of the debate. Some CBS stations will be leaving us. But you can continue to follow the debate online on CBSNews.com and NationalJournal.com. And you can submit questions for the candidates at either of those sites. Most of our stations in South Carolina and on the west coast will continue to broadcast the debate. When we return, we will take questions from South Carolina's two senators, s-- United States Senator Lindsey Graham and Senator Jim DeMint. With thanks to the candidates, thanks to Wofford College, thanks to the G.O.P. and South Carolina, I'm Scott Pelley with Major Garrett.
 Good evening from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina. This is the Republican Commander in Chief debate. I'm Scott Pelley with CBS News, along with Major Garrett of National Journal. This is the final half hour of this 90 minute Republican debate. The focus tonight National security and foreign affairs.And in this half hour, we'll include your questions. You may submit them on-line at CBSNews.com and NationalJournal.com. And we will have the questions of South Carolina senators Lindsey Graham and Jim Demint. So let's continue.
 Indeed, Scott. We have a question from Josh Cooper from Woodsboro, Massachusetts. Congresswoman Bachmann, he writes in as this debate was going on. Quote "Almost half of the federal budget goes to military-related expenditures. Should we increase spending, especially in a debt crisis?
 A quick follow-up, Congresswoman. Can you name a weapon system that you think should be ended for fiscal reasons? And when you talk about tri-care, that's the military medical system. What do you mean when you say, "Reform," does that mean cuts in benefits?
 And that's time--
 --Congresswoman.
 Thank you very much. Mr. Cain -- Mr. Cain, would you describe what you think is happening in the Arab Spring? And how, as president, can you affect that to make it work for the United States and not against us?
 And that's time, sir, thank you.
 Mr. Speaker, at least 3,500 civilians have been slaughtered in Syria. Today, the Arab League voted to suspect Syria. If the opposition, and you were commander in chief, requested military assistance, covert smuggling, or a no-fly zone, would you authorize either or both?
 Congressman Paul, covert operations in Syria?
 A green light for you?
 But what about the-- what about the 3,500 dead?
 Thank you, Congressman.
 Thank you, Congressman.
 Governor Romney-- Governor Romney, if I may ask you a 30 second follow-up to that. Is it time for the Assad dictatorship to end? Would you use mili-- tel-- military force to do that?
 Governor, thank you very much. Now, as a unusual feature of this particular debate, we have with us tonight the two United States senators from South Carolina, who have questions for the Republican candidates. And they will ask the question, but the moderators will direct the question to the appropriate candidates. And we're going to start with the senior senator, Lindsay Graham. Senator Graham, thank you for being with us here tonight.Senator Lindsay Graham Thank you. A comment first. Thank you all for running for president. I'm proud of each and every one of you. Thank you very much. Three-part question. I hope I can remember all three parts. Within days of taking office, President Obama, by executive order, stopped the CIA from using classified enhanced interrogation techniques that are not water-boarding. There's a presumption that every person at Gitmo, under the Obama administration, should go into civilian court, not military commission. And the Obama administration recently said that any future captors in the war on terror would not go to Gitmo. Would you continue these policies? If you would change them, why?
 And Mr. Cain, that first question will go to you.
 Senator Santorum, you have one minute on the same question.
 Congressman Paul, one minute to you, sir.
 Congressman, thank you very much.
 Governor, I'm-- I'm--
 I'm sorry, there-- there's a-- there's actually a system at work here with regard to the Senator's question. So if I may, Governor Perry, you have one minute for Senator Graham's question.
 Thank you, Governor. Representative Bach-- Bachmann, let me give you 30 seconds to pick up on that.
 Congresswoman, thank you. I know, Ron Paul, you want to jump in.
 Please.
 Congressman Paul, thank you very much.
 It's time to call on Senator Jim Demint from South Carolina. Sir, you have a question, and I will direct it to the four who were not called on the first time. So Senator, please.Jim Demint Thank you. And thank you all for being in South Carolina tonight. Federal spending and debt are not only our greatest economic problems, they're our largest national security problem. Yet the president and the Congress continue to spend and borrow at record levels. Just adjusting the spending on existing federal programs will not solve the problem. What federal functions will you eliminate or return to the states in order to balance our budget?
 Governor Romney, to you, sir.
 Governor Romney, that's time.
 Governor Romney, that's time. Governor Huntsman, please-- address Senator Demint's question, if you would, sir.
 Governor Huntsman, thank you very much.
 Mr. Speaker, would you please direct Senator Demint's question?
 Mr. Speaker, thank you very much. Congresswoman Bachmann, please address Senator Demint's question, what programs would you cut, how would you bring it down, the debt?
 Thank you, Congresswoman. Thank you very much. Mr. Cain-- U.S. forces are coming under attack daily now from the enemy crossing over the border from Pakistan. As president, as commander in chief, would you order U.S. forces into Pakistan to clear out those safe havens of the enemy?
 Well, we've been at war in Afghanistan for ten years, of course. And-- what is it about it that's unclear to you at this point? 30 seconds.
 Governor Romney, would you send American troops across the border into Pakistan to clear out those save havens? American men and women are coming under fire from those locations every single day.
 We have time, governor. But are the Pakistanis--comfortable with our using drones?
 Senator Santorum, this week, National Journal and The Atlantic magazine reported that, for various reasons, some related to paranoia in Pakistan about what United States might do, they are moving operational nuclear weapons in that country, unguarded, in trucks. If you were commander in chief, and intelligence came to you that one of those nuclear weapons was lost or possibly in the hands of terrorists, how would you respond?
 That article also made clear that special operations forces are being trained for this very eventuality. Is that something you would consider as commander in chief, deploying special forces to isolated, find that nuclear weapon, and, if necessary, take it over?
 Speaker Gingrich, 30 seconds, your thoughts on this scenario?
 Governor Huntsman-- as we sit here, there is a crisis in Europe over debt, particularly in Italy and in Greece. And there is the threat of contagion onto Wall Street and U.S. banks. How do you prevent the Euro crisis from becoming a problem in the United States?
 And-- and that--
 --is time. Thank you very much. We just have time for a quick follow-up on-- on that same question. Let me come to Governor Perry. How do you prevent the European crisis from become a problem on Wall Street?
 Governor, I'm sorry, but it's the tyranny of the clock. We are all out of time. This is Scott Pelley with Major Garrett at the Republican--
 --debates. Thank you for joining us. Great to be with you.
 And good evening, everyone. I'm Maria Bartiromo.
 I'm John Hardwood.And welcome to CNBC's Republican Presidential Debate.CNBC's "Your Money, Your Vote The Republican Presidential Debate" Live from Oakland University in Rochester, MI ...
 Tonight, we are here in the great state of Michigan for a debate that will focus almost exclusively on the economy and how to fix the financial problems of our country.On the stage tonight from left to right Senator Rick Santorum.
 Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.Speaker Newt Gingrich.Governor Mitt Romney.Mr. Herman Cain.Governor Rick Perry.Congressman Ron Paul.And Governor Jon Huntsman.
 The candidates will have 60 seconds to respond to questions, 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. Those will be at the discretion of the moderators.We also want you, the candidates, to help us out a little bit, by answering the questions as directly and specifically as you can. I know you want to. You have proven that. But just in case you get off topic, maybe by accident, we may have to interrupt you.
 Throughout the evening tonight we will be joined by an all-star lineup of the smartest people on CNBC.First up tonight, Jim Cramer, the host of "Mad Money."Jim, welcome.
 Thank you, Maria.
 And we also want to hear your voice. Go to our Web site, Debate.CNBC.com, and tweet us at CNBCDebate.All night we'll be showing your tweets on the bottom of the screen, so all of the candidates will have even more of a motive to impress.
 In the interest of time, the candidates have agreed to forego opening and closing statements tonight. So let's get started.And we begin with you, Mr. Cain. I want to begin with what we saw today, another rough day for our money, for our 401(k)s. Once again, we were all impacted by the news that the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 400 points today. The reason, Italy is on the brink of financial disaster.It is the world's seventh largest economy. As president, what will you do to make sure that their problems do not take down the U.S. Financial system? It is the world's seventh largest economy.As president, what will you do to make sure their problems do not take down the U.S. financial system?
 So, to be clear, focus on the domestic economy, allow Italy to fail?
 Governor Romney, should we allow Italy to fail? Should we have a stake in what's going on in the eurozone right now?
 But -- but the U.S. does contribute to the International Monetary Fund, and the IMF has given $150 billion to the eurozone. Are you saying the U.S. should stop contributing to the IMF?
 Congressman Paul...   to say, and I really get that. But I'm on the frontlines of the stock market. We were down 400 points today. We're not going to be done going down if this keeps going on, if Italy keeps -- the rates keep going up. Surely you must recognize that this is a moment-to-moment situation for people who have 401(k)s and IRAs on the line and you wouldn't just let it fail, just go away and take our banking system with it?
 Governor...   Italy's too big to fail. It's great. I'd love it if we were independent. It would be terrific to say, "It's your fault. It's your fault. It's your problem." But if this goes, the world banking system could shut down. Doesn't that involve our banks, too?
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Romney, I want to switch...
 ... to the bailout drama that we lived through in this country, and no state understands it better than the state of Michigan. I'm going to talk a little bit about your record on that. Four years ago when you were running for the Republican nomination and the auto industry was suffering, you said, where is Washington? After the election, when the Bush administration was considering financial assistance for the automakers, you said, no, let the Detroit go bankrupt.Now that the companies are profitable again, after a bailout supported by your Republican governor here in Michigan, you said, well, actually, President Obama implemented my plan all along -- or he gravitated to my plan.With a record like that of seeming to be on all sides of the issue, why should Republicans be confident in the steadiness of your economic leadership?
 Governor, let me follow up, because...
 ... the auto bailout is part of a larger issue facing your candidacy, as you know. Your opponents have said you switched positions on many issues. It is an issue of character, not personal, but political, you seemed to encapsulate it in the last debate when you said, "I'm running for office, for Pete's sake."What can you say to Republicans to persuade them that the things you say in the campaign are rooted in something deeper than the fact that you are running for office?
 Governor Perry, I want to ask you about this, because you have raised this issue yourself about Governor Romney. And you are running as a politician with strong convictions.
 From the flip side, Ronald Reagan raised taxes when the deficit got too big, George W. Bush supported TARP and the auto bailout when he thought we might face a great depression -- second great depression. Does that -- examples like that tell you that good, effective leaders need to show the kind of flexibility that Governor Romney has shown on some issues?
 Speaker Gingrich, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has called unemployment in this country a national crisis due to the amount of days people are out -- months that people are out of work and the number of people out of work. Many of you have come up with tax reform plans. Why is tax reform the path to job creation? And if it's not the only path, what else can you implement to get people back to work?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, same question to you. How can you create jobs as quickly as possible?
 OK.
 Senator Santorum, you proposed a zero tax on manufacturing businesses.
 I understand the sentiment behind that. And the state of Michigan has lost hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs over the last few decades. Isn't that the kind of distortion in the tax code that people want to get away from in order to get rates down flatter, simpler, fairer?
 But it's down for the manufacturing industry, as opposed to people doing other things. Isn't that picking winners and losers?
 You have all said that -- that you will repeal the president's health care legislation. We will get into that, because we want to know, then what? What is the plan once you repeal Obamacare?But, first, Mr. Cain, the American people want jobs, but they also want leadership. They want character in a president. In recent days, we have learned that four different women have accused you of inappropriate behavior. Here we're focusing on character and on judgment. [booing]You've been a CEO.
 You know that shareholders are reluctant to hire a CEO where there are character issues. Why should the American people hire a president if they feel there are character issues?
 Governor Romney, when you were at Bain Capital, you purchased a lot of companies. You could fire the CEO and the management team or you could keep them. Would you keep a CEO -- are you persuaded by what Mr. Cain has said? Would you keep him on if you bought his company? [booing]
 Governor Huntsman, let me switch back to the economy. The...  Many Republicans have criticized the Occupy Wall Street movement, but we had an NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll this week that showed a large proportion of the American people -- 76 percent -- said they believe there's something wrong with our economy that tilts toward the wealthy at the expense of others. Do you consider something wrong with the structure of our economy in the income inequality that it produces? Is that something government should do something about? And if so, what?
 So, Governor, you agree with Governor Romney that the bailout that Governor Snyder supports in Michigan was a mistake?
 Governor Romney, do you believe public companies have any social responsibility to create jobs, or do you believe, as Nobel Laureate Milton Friedman, the most important, most influential conservative economist of the 20th century held, that corporations should exist solely to create maximum profit for their shareholders?
 Governor Perry, 30 seconds to you.Do you think that companies can both be profitable and be able to create jobs? Do you think it's a dichotomy? Do you think they can do it?
 Mr. Speaker, how about to you, can corporations do both?
 Mr. Speaker -- I'm sorry, but what is the media reporting inaccurately about the economy?
 What is the media reporting inaccurately about the economy? [laughter]
 Senator Santorum, I want to talk about a high-quality problem our country has.I just came back from North Dakota. We have made the largest oil discovery in a generation there. Not only is it a -- the find a big step toward creating energy independence, it stands to create as many as 300,000 jobs. But what the guys tell me up there is that they can't handle the rush without federal help.Would you favor incentives, incentives to get workers and businesses to where the jobs are to support this boom?
 Let's get back to tax reform. Mr. Cain, let's talk fairness in taxation. Ever since this country started taxing income 100 years ago, our system charges those people who make more money a higher rate than those people who make less money. Governor Perry has said he doesn't believe in that approach, and your 9-9-9 plan suggests you don't, either.Why now, when the higher income group is doing better than the rest of America, is the time to switch to the same rate for all of us?
 How do you ensure that, when the government needs more revenue, that the sales tax doesn't go up and that plan doesn't turn in 19-19-19?
 Governor Romney, Mr. Cain's got a flat tax. Rick Perry's got a flat tax. Congresswoman Bachmann is talking about a flat tax. You don't have a flat tax. You're proposing to preserve the Bush-era tax rates. What is wrong with the idea that we should go to one rate? Why do you believe in a progressive tax system?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, Governor Romney is accepting the premises of the Democratic argument that you have to have a fair approach to taxation that preserves different rates for different people. Why is he wrong?
 Congressman Ron Paul...
 ... you have said you want to close down agencies. Tell us about your tax plan as well as closing agencies -- federal agencies. Where do those jobs go?
 So you think the economy would be stronger if interest rates were higher right now?
 Even though higher interest rates would make it much more expensive to borrow, mortgages.
 We are just getting started tonight. When we return, how will the candidates breathe new life into the lifeless housing market?
 Plus, the view of the economy from the corner office.[begin video clip]
 So how are the candidates going to turn things around? CNBC's "Republican Presidential Debate" will be right back. Stay with us.[cheering and applause]
 Welcome back to be CNBC's Republican Presidential Debate.With us for this portion of the program, CNBC's senior economic reporter, Steve Liesman.Welcome, Steve.
 Great to be here, Maria. Thank you.
 Most economists agree that there can be no economic recovery without a recovery in housing. American families have lost some $7 trillion in home value in the last five years. Right now, four million people are behind on their mortgage or in foreclosure, 25 percent of homeowners owe more to the banks than their house is actually worth.Governor Romney has said that the government should let the foreclosure process play out so that the housing market can recover and the free markets can work.Speaker Gingrich, is Governor Romney right?
 Governor Romney, respond in 30 seconds. Not one of your 59 points in your economic plan mentions or addresses housing. Can you tell us why?
 Governor Romney, we have created 2.7 million jobs since February, 2010. Over that period of time, the housing market has continued to decline. We are at 2003 price levels now.If we keep going the way we are going, in four or five years, we'll be at 1999 price levels. The $7 trillion figure that Maria mentioned could almost double.Are you willing to let that happen in America?
 I'm asking you.
 But, Governor -- Governor Perry, every quarter I get to report the GDP figures, and it's a negative number for housing, and we've lost some 2 million construction jobs. Housing creates jobs, as well, doesn't it?
 OK, so translate that plan to America.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, in one of the last debates, you were asked what you would do about foreclosures, and you told moms to hang on. But your advice, as your colleagues have mentioned, was let the economy recover. So you agree with Governor Romney that the way to fix the housing market is to let the foreclosure process proceed more rapidly?
 Since -- since you mentioned Fannie and Freddie, Speaker Gingrich, 30 seconds to you, your firm was paid $300,000 by Freddie Mac in 2006. What did you do for that money?
 Yes.
 Were you not trying to help Freddie Mac fend off the effort by the Bush administration...
 ... and the -- to curb Freddie Mac.
 Mr. Cain, government-sponsored entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as Congresswoman Bachmann said, now underwrite or guarantee 90 percent of the home financing in this country. What would you do with these -- with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac? Would you shut them down even though it could mean higher interest rates for America? Does it make it even harder than it is right now for Americans to get home loans?
 I'm sorry, Mr. Cain, but you would come into office and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would be there. The question was, what would you do with them?
 Governor Huntsman, I want to go back to the issue that you raised before about too big to fail. If anything, that problem has gotten worse since the financial crisis than before. The 10 biggest bank holding companies in this country now hold nearly 90 percent of all the assets in the banking system, up from 75 percent in 2006.So, what would you do? Would you break up the banks to remove the risk, or diminish the risk for American taxpayers?
 So you break them up?
 Well, how would you accomplish that? How would you right-size that?
 Let's stay on regulation for a moment. You have all said that you will repeal President Obama's health care legislation.Down the line, 30 seconds, if you repeal Obamacare, what's the answer?Jon Huntsman?
 That's time.We want to get each of your comments on what the plan is.Ron Paul?
 Thirty seconds, Governor Perry?
 Mr. Cain.LOSER The legislation has already been written. H.R. 3000. In the previous Congress it was H.R. 3400. And what that does -- it has already been written. We didn't hear about it in the previous Congress because "Princess Nancy" sent to it committee and it stayed there. It never came out. [laughter]
 Governor Romney?
 Mr. Speaker?
 You have said you want to repeal "Obama-care," correct?
 Would you would like to try to explain...  Would you like to -- would you like to try to explain in simple speak to the American people what you would do after you repeal the president's health care legislation?
 Take the time you need, sir. Take the time you need.
 Do you want the answer the question tonight on health care or no?  Do you want to try to answer the question tonight, Speaker?
 Congresswoman.
 Senator?
 Governor Romney, you have 30 seconds to respond.
 Time.
 But, Governor, let me ask you about health care, because Congressman Paul said, put it back to the doctor and the patient. You said a few moments ago that you thought states should have the responsibility for insuring the uninsured. And, of course, in Massachusetts, you enacted an individual mandate and subsidies to have people who didn't have insurance get it. So you think there's a pretty large role for government in this area.
 But the government has the responsibility to force them?
 Congressman?
 Congressman, thank you for that. It's time for a quick break.
 Hold it, John. I wanted to give them 15 seconds each to solve the deficit problem. [laughter]
 We'll come back to the deficit.
 When we return, balancing the budget, cutting the deficit, making college education more affordable.
 Plus, a little lesson on Social Security.You're watching CNBC's "Your Money, Your Vote The Republican Presidential Debate."[begin video clip]NARRATOR Next, we tackle the issues of Social Security, a spiraling deficit, and so much more, when "Your Money, Your Vote The Republican Presidential Debate" continues in 90 seconds.
 And welcome back. Joining us for this portion of the debate, Rick Santelli, CNBC's on-air editor...  ... and Sharon Epperson, our personal finance correspondent.Now, we'll get to them in a moment, but, first, Senator Santorum, you were known as a tough partisan fighter in the Senate, but look where partisan fighting got us this summer, gridlock and a debt-rating downgrade. The American people don't much like it, and neither does Doug Oberhelman, the CEO of Caterpillar. Let's take a listen.[begin video clip]OBERHELMAN Most people think our politicians are not helping the country get back on its feet. The last two presidents made promises to work across party lines, and both failed. How will you put our country ahead of your political party and solve the issues that are so critical for Americans? Be specific, please. These are promises.[end video clip]
 And, Senator, let me ask you about -- to set up that question. If everyone on this stage rules out any tax increases, even at a 10-to-1 ratio of spending cuts, as you have done, what could you possibly offer Democrats to get them to go along and compromise with you on the things that Republicans want?
 Governor Romney, you've shown that you can work with Democrats. When you were governor, of course, you collaborated with Ted Kennedy on the health care plan that you enacted. You raised fees to balance the budget, and you used that as an argument to get the credit rating of your state upgraded. Independent voters might like that. Should Republican primary voters be nervous about it?
 Governor Romney, if I could follow up, Speaker Gingrich just said he is not prepared to raise taxes on the American people in the middle of a slow economy like this. That's what would happen if the payroll tax cut is not extended.Do you agree with him, and would you also support, when it comes down to it, an extension of the payroll tax cut?
 So you're for it?
 But to clarify, you agree with President Obama the payroll tax cut should be expanded?
 Does any candidate on this stage disagree? Does any candidate disagree and oppose an extension of the payroll tax cut?
 Does any candidate disagree with the Speaker and Governor Romney and oppose the extension of the payroll tax cut?
 You oppose it?
 Out of time, Congresswoman. Governor Huntsman?
 Our federal government still owns 500 million shares of GM stocks, guarantees trillions -- trillions with a "T" -- dollars of mortgages. They are basically the lender doing 90 percent of all the mortgage origination right now. And you consider the Federal Reserve, the Federal Reserve has purchased $2.62 trillion -- again, with a "T" -- of treasury securities, agency securities, and mortgage securities.If you were president, how would your administration and would your administration reverse these obligations?
 I want to turn the attention to why we're here on this campus and what many students are very interested in, and that is the fact that, Congressman Paul, right now, we are looking at student loan debt that is near $1 trillion. Americans owe more on student loans right now than credit cards, and the average debt for a college senior right now is over $25,000. It's obviously a very hot topic right here on this campus and with students across the country. Just listen to what they have to say.[begin video clip]
 So, Congressman Paul, you've already talked about the fact that you want to get rid of the Department of Education. You've said that you want to get rid of federal student loans. So how would you make college more accessible, more affordable for these students and students around the country?
 But how do they pay for it? How do they now pay for college, if they're not...
 Thank you, Congressman.Speaker Gingrich, Congressman Paul just talked about a bubble. And there are many that are concerned that, unlike other types of debt, student loan debt does not have the same type of consumer protections. It cannot be wiped out in bankruptcy by law. There's really little way to refinance it. Are you worried about student loan debt becoming the next government bailout?
 Governor Perry, name the top programs that you would cut in terms of long-term deficit reduction. Include Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and defense spending in the order you see fit.
 So what is your order? And you didn't mention defense spend.
 Speaking of young people, a quick answer. Do you agree with Congressman Paul that we should kill the federal student loan program?
 But would you kill the federal student loan program?
 So get rid of it?
 Thank you, Governor.
 That's time.
 Thank you, Governor.
 We're going to take one more quick break. When we return, final questions to the candidates.
 Our CNBC's Republican Presidential Debate will be right back.
 Welcome back to CNBC's "Republican Presidential Debate."
 Mr. Cain, let me ask you a question, under a Republican governor, the state of California hired a company in China to build major portions in the new San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, creating thousands of jobs in China. And California did that because it was cheaper. Is that smart, purchasing by government in a global economy, or is there something wrong with that?
 Governor Romney, was it a mistake for Governor Schwarzenegger to hire the firm in China to build portions of that bridge?
 So a good decision to build the bridge over there?
 But how do you crack down? How do you crack down, Governor? Are you talking about new tariffs? How are you cracking down?
 How would you crack down on China?
 Speaker, in addition to that, so many companies -- multinational companies, want to try to get a foothold in China and sell to the billion-and-a-half people there. They can only do joint ventures. They're not getting a fair shake in terms of selling to that 1.5 billion person population. How would you move the needle?
 Time. Thirty seconds. Jon Huntsman, you were the ambassador to China, 30 seconds to respond.
 Are you saying Governor Romney's pandering?
 But you're suggesting it. He's standing right here. Would you say that he's pandering on this issue?
 Governor Romney, are you pandering?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, weigh in here. How do you open the markets in China for American companies?
 Mr. Cain, I want to go to you with this question. This does not lend itself to 9-9-9 or any other number.
 This question does not lend itself to 9-9-9 or any other thing. This is our final word, OK? And it comes from our viewers. And it is all about restoring trust and faith in our markets and in our way of life. I'm going to be quoting Joanne Kornbly (ph). She e- mails us.She says, "Our stock market has turned into a casino with high- frequency computerized trading comprising 70 percent of all transactions and hedge fund speculation resulting in market swings. Before privatizing Social Security, how would you make the stock market safer for individual investors?And Mr. Cain, just simple, how do we restore faith in the markets for the little guy?
 When the economy was going great, sir, there was no trust. When the economy was going great, people were getting ripped off and there was insider trading. When the economy was going great, people were getting hurt in the stock market.Forget the economy. Talk about the way the market is regulated.
 How about the 90 million people that got --
 Governor Perry, same question to you. The same question to you and Congressman Ron Paul.How do you restore faith in the public markets?
 Congressman Paul, Governor Perry was just talking about the culture of Washington. His critics in the state of Texas -- you're a congressman from Texas -- say crony capitalism is what he practices as governor. Are they right?
 We want to thank all of you tonight. That is all the time we have for CNBC's Republican Presidential Debate.We thank all the candidates for being here tonight and spending the time and putting their plans forward.We hope you now have a better understanding of where each of them stand on the economy, jobs, and your money.
 We would also like to thank our partners, the Michigan Republican Party, and all of the Grizzlies of Oakland University.
 I want to ask the candidates to please take your podiums. While the candidates are taking their podiums, I just want to tell you a little bit more about how tonight's debate is going to work. I'll be the moderator. I'll ask questions on a wide range of issues. And I'll work to make sure that each candidate is getting his or her fair share of questions.Also, Western voters right here in the hall will be asking questions, as well, and viewers watching at home can participate, also. We're accepting questions for the candidates on Twitter. If you send a question for the candidates on Twitter, make sure to include the hash tag #cnndebate, on Facebook at facebook.com/cnnpolitics, and on cnnpolitics.com.Now, each candidate will have about one minute to answer the questions and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. I'll make sure candidates get time to respond if they're singled out for criticism. There are no buzzers. There's no bells. I'll just politely inform the candidates when they need to wrap things up.We want everyone watching to emerge from this debate more informed about the candidates, more able to judge who should be the next president of the United States.Now that everyone is in place, it's time for the candidates to introduce themselves to our audience. All the candidates are going to keep it short. Here's an example. I'm Anderson Cooper. I'm usually anchoring "AC 360" on CNN, but I'm honored to be here in Las Vegas at the Western Republican Presidential Debate. That will be my introduction.So, Senator Santorum, you're first. Let's start with you.
 All right. Let's -- time to begin. We'll begin with actually a question in the hall.QUESTION This is for all candidates. What's your position on replacing the federal income tax with a federal sales tax?
 I'll direct that to Congresswoman Bachmann. You've been very critical of Herman Cain's 9-9-9 plan, which calls for a 9 percent sales tax, a 9 percent income tax, and 9 percent corporate tax. In fact, you've said it would destroy the economy. Why?
 Mr. Cain, a lot of prominent conservatives now are coming forward saying that your 9-9-9 plan would actually raise taxes on middle-class voters, on lower-income voters.
 Senator Santorum, will his plan raise taxes?
 I'm going to give you 30 seconds to respond. That 84 percent figure comes from the Tax Policy Center.
 I want to bring in Congresswoman Bachmann since she was referenced by you.
 Governor Perry, in your state, you have a 6.25 percent sales tax. Would taxpayers pay more under the 9-9-9 plan?
 Mr. Cain, 30 seconds.
 Your time's up, I'm sorry.
 You'll have another 30 seconds. Trust me, they're going to go --
 Yes, I guarantee it. In about a minute.Congressman Paul, you called his plan dangerous today.
 Mr. Cain, in 30 seconds?
 Governor Romney, you have your only 59-point plan. In the last debate, Mr. Cain suggested it was too complicated. Is simpler better?
 Thank you, Governor.Mr. Speaker... [cheering and applause]
 Speaker Gingrich, you have said in recent days that Mr. Cain's 999 plan would be a harder sell than he lets on. How so?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you said in the last debate that everyone should pay something. Does that mean that you would raise taxes on the 47 percent of Americans who currently don't pay taxes?
 Thank you.
 We've been talking about Herman Cain's plan. Let's talk about Governor Romney's plan.Governor Perry, you have said that Governor Romney was an abject failure at creating jobs when he was governor of Massachusetts. If you've read his 59-point plan, has it changed your mind?
 Governor Romney, does Governor Perry have the answer?
 Senator Santorum, does Mitt Romney have the answers for jobs?LOSER I agree with -- with all of what Governor Romney and both -- and Governor Perry said. I would add the fact that -- that I've put forward the plan that's going to allow for income mobility. That's a new term, but I've been using it for a long time, which is people at the bottom part of the income scale being able to rise in society.Believe it or not, studies have been done that show that in Western Europe, people at the lower parts of the income scale actually have a better mobility going up the ladder now than in America. And I believe that's because we've lost our manufacturing base. No more stamp "Made in America" is really hurting people in the middle.And that's why I focus all of the real big changes in the tax code at manufacturing. I cut the corporate rate for manufacturing to zero, repeal all regulations affecting manufacturers that cost over $100 million and replace them with something that's friendlier, they can work with. We repatriate $1.2 trillion that manufacturers made overseas and allow them to bring it back here, if they invest in plants and equipment. They can do it without having to pay any -- any excise tax.The final point I would make to Governor Romney, you just don't have credibility, Mitt, when it comes to repealing Obamacare. You are -- you are -- your plan was the basis for Obamacare. Your consultants helped Obama craft Obamacare. And to say that you're going to repeal it, you just -- you have no track record on that that -- that we can trust you that you're going to do that.
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds.
 He ate into your time. [booing]Rick...
 I'll give another 20 seconds.
 All right. Senator Santorum?
 Governor Romney, I'm going to give you 30 seconds.
 Speaker Gingrich, you've also been very critical of Mitt Romney's plan not only on Obamacare, but his plan to lower the capital gains tax only on those earning under $200,000.
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds.
 He still has time. Let him finish.
 Congresswoman Bachmann.
 We've got to take a quick break. We will continue this discussion on the other side.We have a long way to go. We'll be right back.
 And welcome back to the continuing debate. We got a Twitter question. We ended talking about medicine, Obamacare. We actually have a Twitter question about it. It was a question left at CNN debate.If Obama's health plan is bad for the U.S., what is the alternative, and how will you implement it?Congressman Paul, is there any aspect of Obamacare that you would like to keep, whether it's keeping kids to stay on their parents' insurance until they're 26 or no pre-existing conditions?
 Herman Cain, same question. Is there any aspect of so- called Obamacare that -- that you would keep?
 Governor Perry, in the last debate, Governor Romney pointed out that Texas has one of the highest rates of uninsured children in the country, over one million kids. You did not get an opportunity to respond to that. What do you say? How do you explain that?
 Governor Romney?
 I thought Republicans follow the rules.
 Governor Perry, you have 30 seconds.
 I've got 30 seconds, then we've got move on to another immigration question.
 Out of time.
 All right. We're going to stay on the topic of immigration.
 We're going to stay on the topic of immigration. Everyone is going to get a chance to weigh in.This is a question that was left at CNNPolitics.com. "As president, will you order completion of the physical border fence along the entire border between the U.S. and Mexico?" That's from Marilyn L.Herman Cain, let me start with you. Obviously, over the weekend, you got a lot of headlines by saying you would have an electrified fence. You then later said it was -- you then later said it was a joke. And then last night, you said, "It might be electrified. I'm not walking away from that. I just don't want to offend anyone." [laughter]So...So would you build an entire fence along the entire border, and would you have it be electrified? [laughter]
 Governor Perry, you have -- you have the -- your state has the longest border with Mexico. Is it possible -- to the question -- is it possible to build a fence, an -- across the entire border?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, do you agree with Governor Perry?
 You're saying you would build a fence along the entire border?LOSER I will build it on the entire border, and I'll tell you why. Every year, it costs this country $113 billion in the costs that we put out to pay for illegal aliens. It costs the state and local government of that amount $82 billion. For every household of an American citizen, it costs us $1,000 a year. We are robbing the household of Americans who can't afford that.I will build the fence. I will enforce English as the official language of the United States government.And every -- every person who comes into this country will have to agree that they will not receive taxpayer-subsidized benefits of any American citizen...
 Time.
 Governor Perry, does that -- can you actually -- does that make sense? She says she can build the -- the fence along the entire border.
 She's also talking about your taxpayer-subsidized benefits.
 Governor...
 He wasn't talking about you directly.
 Time.
 Governor Perry, 30 seconds to respond.
 I think we've been down that road.
 We are continuing on immigration. We have a question in the audience.[cheering and applause]ROBERT ZAVALA, LAS VEGAS RESIDENT Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity to ask my question. We have 50 million Latinos and not all of us are illegal. What is the message from you guys to our Latino community?
 Speaker Gingrich? President Obama got I think 67 percent of the Latino vote last time around.
 Congressman Paul, there's some Latino voters who believe that some of these strong anti-immigration laws -- anti-illegal immigration laws are actually anti-Latino laws. What do you say to them?
 Herman Cain, the 14th Amendment allows that anybody born in the United States is an American citizen. Should that change?
 Then let me ask the question of Governor Perry.Governor Perry, the 14th Amendment allows anybody. A child of illegal immigrants who is born here is automatically an American citizen. Should that change?
 Actually, I'd rather you answer that question.
 That's actually a response, that's not an answer, but go ahead.
 Time.
 Time.
 To the question on the 14th Amendment, do you support repealing the 14th Amendment?
 No, you do not?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, do you support it?
 Senator Santorum?
 Time.Congressman Paul, you were referenced directly. Thirty seconds.
 We have a question in the audience.QUESTION My question for you is, do you support opening the national nuclear repository at Yucca Mountain?
 Speaker Gingrich, we'll start with you.
 Sorry, go ahead.
 Is Yucca Mountain that place?
 You were for opening it in Congress, right?
 When you were in the Congress, you were...
 Congressman Paul, you oppose this?
 Governor Romney, where do you stand on this?
 Governor Perry?
 We're going to move on to an issue very important here in the state of Nevada and throughout the West. We have a question from the hall.QUESTION Yeah, my question is, those of us who own property here in Nevada have been devastated by the real estate bubble. What would you do as president to help fix the overall problem of real estate and foreclosures in America?
 Senator Santorum, Nevada has the highest rate of foreclosure.LOSER Yeah, I mean, it's -- it's a situation right now where obviously the market's in -- has been decimated. And so now you're looking at, how do you repair it? The problem is -- in the first place, is that several people up here, the, quote, "businesspeople," supported the TARP, supported the bailout. Governors Perry, Romney...
 You'll have a chance to respond. Let him finish.
 I'm going to allow each of the three of you to respond.Governor Perry, you have 30 seconds.
 Governor Perry -- do you want to respond, Governor Perry?
 Governor Romney, 30 seconds.
 Mr. Cain, I want you to be able to respond. Thirty seconds.
 Time.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, does the federal government have a role in keeping people in their homes, saving people from foreclosure, in the state of Nevada?
 We have another question. This one is a Twitter question."How do you explain the Occupy Wall Street movement happening across the country? And how does it relate with your message?"Herman Cain, I've got to ask you, you said, -- two weeks ago, you said, "Don't blame Wall Street, don't blame the big banks. If you don't have a job, and you're not rich, blame yourself."That was two weeks ago. The movement has grown. Do you still say that?
 Congressman Paul, you've been -- Congressman Paul, you've been critical of Governor Romney for -- for holding fundraisers with -- with Wall Streeters. Do you think he understands what the protest is about? Do you understand?
 Mr. Cain, do you want to respond? He referenced you. So if you want to respond, you have 30 seconds.
 I've got to give you 30 seconds.
 And then we'll go to Governor Romney.
 Time.
 Governor Romney, you -- you originally called the protests "dangerous." You said it was class warfare. You recently sounded more sympathetic. Where do you stand now? What is your message to those people protesting?
 We've got to take a quick break. We're going to continue on the other side. We'll be right back.
 I'm Anderson Cooper, the western Republican presidential debate, live from the Venetian in Las Vegas. As you watch the debate tonight, send us your comments and questions for the candidates on Twitter. Use the hashtag #CNNDebate. Also contact us on Facebook and cnn.com.When we come back, the right to bears and should a candidate's faith matter? We'll be right back.
 And welcome back to the CNN GOP debate live from the Venetian in Las Vegas. Let's continue. We've got an e-mail question that was left at cnnpolitics.com. This is from a Mike Richards who says "With the controversy surrounding Robert Jeffress, is it acceptable to let the issue of a candidate's faith shape the debate?"Senator Santorum, this is in reference to a Baptist pastor who, at the Values Voter Summit, after introducing Governor Rick Perry, said of -- said that "Mitt Romney is not a Christian," and that "Mormonism is a cult." Those were his words.Should... [booing]
 Should voters pay attention to a candidate's religion?
 Speaker Gingrich, you agree with that?
 Governor Perry, Mitt Romney asked you to repudiate the comments of that pastor who introduced you on that stage. He didn't make the comments on the stage; he made them afterward in an interview. Will you repudiate those comments?
 Time.Governor Romney, is that -- is that acceptable to you?
 Would you still like him to say that?
 Would -- would you still like the governor to say that? Or was that something you wanted him to...
 Do you want to respond to that, Governor Perry?
 We've got a question from the audience.QUESTION Currently, there's a deficit reduction measure to cut defense spending by $500 billion. Would you support such a reduction in defense spending? And if elected president, how will you provide a strong national defense?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, should defense be cut?
 Time.
 Congresswoman --
 The question though was about budget cuts. And is everything on the table in terms of cutting the budget?
 So defense spending would be on the table, should be?
 I just want to make sure. OK. It's on the table.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul, you've proposed --
 Congressman Paul, you just proposed eliminating the Departments of Commerce, Education, Energy, Interior, Housing and Urban Development. You say it will save a trillion dollars in one year.
 You're proposing a 15 percent cut to the Defense Department. Can you guarantee national security will not be hurt by that?
 Time.
 It's time.We have a Twitter question. Given that Israel has just negotiated with Palestine for a soldier, would any of you negotiate for a hostage?Herman Cain, let me ask this to you. A few hours ago you were asked by Wolf Blitzer, if al Qaeda had an American soldier in captivity, and they demanded the release of everyone at Guantanamo Bay, would you release them? And you said, quote "I can see myself authorizing that kind of a transfer. Can you explain?
 But you're saying you could -- I mean, in your words, you've said that I could see myself authorizing that kind of a transfer. Isn't that negotiating with, in this case, al Qaeda?
 Yes, he did. He said...
 Senator Santorum?
 Time.
 Time.
 Congressman Paul, you were referenced in that answer, 30 seconds.
 We have a question in the hall that gets to your question. The question in the hall on foreign aid? Yes, ma'am.VICKI O'KEEFE, BOULDER CITY, NEVADA The American people are suffering in our country right now. Why do we continue to send foreign aid to other countries when we need all the help we can get for ourselves?
 Governor Perry, what about that? I mean...
 Governor Romney, should foreign aid be eliminated?
 Time.Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Paul, would you cut aid to Israel?
 Time. Congresswoman Bachmann...
 Should we cut foreign aid to Israel?
 Herman Cain, I've got to give you 30 seconds, because she was referring to -- basically saying you were naive or if -- if that's what you were suggesting.LOSER No, I -- I said that I believe in the philosophy of we don't negotiate with terrorists. I think -- I didn't say -- I would never agree to letting hostages in Guantanamo Bay go. No, that wasn't -- that wasn't the intent at all.But let me go back to this, if I could, very quickly in the time that I have left, the question that you asked about, foreign aid. My approach is an extension of the Reagan approach Peace through strength, which is peace through strength and clarity. If we clarify who our friends are, clarify who our enemies are, and stop giving money to our enemies, then we ought to continue to give money to our friends, like Israel.
 You have 30 seconds, Congressman Paul, and then we've got to go.
 We've got to take a quick break. I do want to give Speaker Gingrich 30 seconds, and then...
 We're going to take a short break. Our debate though continues on the other side of the break, so stay tuned.When we return, which candidate has the best chance to beat Barack Obama, and should it matter in your vote?Stay with us.
 And welcome back. The GOP debate is under way.Let's talk about probably the most important issue to everybody on this stage, and probably just about everybody in this room, which is, who can beat President Barack Obama in this next election?In today's new CNN/ORC poll, 41 percent of Republican voters think that Governor Romney has the best chance of beating the president.
 To Senator Santorum, you got one percent. Why shouldn't Republican voters go with the candidate they feel that can best beat President Obama?
 Time.
 Time, Senator.
 Thank you.Governor Romney, I've got to give you 30 seconds, since he referenced you.
 Governor...Governor Perry, was he referring to you?
 I've got to give you 30 seconds. Governor Romney?
 You have 30 seconds, Governor Perry.
 I've got to give Governor Romney 30 seconds. He said you failed. [booing]
 Herman Cain, you're -- Herman Cain, you're tied with Governor Romney in some of the polls for the top leadership position right now. Is a -- are they the ones -- are either Governor Perry or Governor Romney, are they the ones who should be president?
 Well, obviously.
 Governor Romney, you've got 30 seconds.
 Your campaigns are telling us we have to end. It's time...
 Sorry.
 It's your campaigns. I'm...
 If you want to defy your campaigns, go ahead. Congresswoman Bachmann, 30 seconds.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 We'd love to host those on CNN.I want to thank all the candidates, the GOP candidates tonight.
 I want to thank all the candidates for a spirited debate on the stage. We also want to thank our co-sponsors, the Western Republican Leadership Conference, our host, the Sands Convention Center at the Venetian. Our coverage of "America's Choice 2012" continues right now here on CNN.
 I'm Charlie Rose. Welcome to Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, this great college established in 1769 in a state that often plays a crucial role in picking presidents. Tonight, it is the site of an important Republican presidential debate brought to you by Bloomberg, the Washington Post, and WBIN Television.This is a time of anxiety about our country and our children's future in a continuing economic crisis. Many are in despair, not only about policy, but politics. And so we ask who has the character, who has the ideas, and who has the experience to lead.This debate is different and distinctive. It is only about the economy. So we debate this evening about spending and taxes, deficit and debt, about the present and the future, about rich and poor, and about the role of government. And because we're at a table -- this is the kind of table I like -- the kind of kitchen table where families for generations have come together to talk and solve their problems.The rules are one minute for an answer, 30 seconds for follow-up and rebuttal. If a candidate is singled out by name for criticism, they have 30 seconds to respond. Later in the debate, they will question each other.I'm the moderator. Joining me are Karen Tumulty of the Washington Post and Julianna Goldman of Bloomberg News.Joining us at the table, the eight Republican candidates. They are former Governor of Utah Jon Huntsman; Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann; Texas Governor Rick Perry; former Godfather's Pizza CEO Herman Cain; former U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania Rick Santorum; former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich; Texas Congressman Ron Paul; former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.I am pleased to be here at this table to have an opportunity to talk to them about the issues that all of us are thinking about.And I begin this evening first with Herman Cain. As you know, when Standard & Poor's downgraded American credit, they noted not only the economic difficulties, but the political dysfunction. So we begin this evening with the question What would you do specifically to end the paralysis in Washington?
 Governor Perry, are you prepared -- even though you've said that you want to make Washington inconsequential -- to go to Washington and, as Ronald Reagan did, compromise on spending cuts and taxes in order to produce results?
 We'll come back to energy, also your economic plan this evening, but I go now to Governor Romney. The paralysis there, and everybody's concerned about it. What specifically would you be prepared to do to make the country moving again on addressing its problems?
 So it's essential to deal with Democrats and be prepared to compromise on the big issues of our time?
 And back to Governor Perry, this plan that you would like to lay out, because Governor Romney has said you have had two months to produce a plan, an economic plan, he's had a 59 point plan, what is the plan? What will you say specifically?
 Let me introduce my friend Karen -- Karen.TUMULTY Congresswoman Bachmann, three years after the financial meltdown, Main Street continues to suffer. People have lost their jobs, they've lost their homes, they've lost their faith in the future. But Wall Street is thriving. The banks not only got bailed out by the government, they have made huge profits, they've paid themselves huge bonuses.Do you think it's right that no Wall Street executives have gone to jail for the damage they did to the economy?
 Clearly you're not saying they should go to jail?
 Julianna?GOLDMAN Thank you, Charlie.Senator Santorum, I want to turn to jobs, because you've said that when you were growing up in a steel town in Pennsylvania, 21 percent of the country was involved in manufacturing. Now it's down to 9 percent. Can those jobs ever return? And what would you do to create jobs now?
 All right.
 All right.
 Karen.TUMULTY Congressman Gingrich -- Speaker Gingrich, Medicare is going broke. Consider the fact that half of all Medicare spending is done in the last two years of life, and research that has been done right here at Dartmouth by "The Dartmouth Atlas" would suggest that much of this money is going to treatments and interventions that do nothing to prolong life or to improve it. In fact, some of it does the opposite.Do you consider this wasteful spending? And, if so, should the government do anything about it?
 We'll come back to Medicare, as well, and medical issues and then the cost of Medicare in the United States.I want to talk about advisers and appointees. Tell me, Governor Huntsman, whose advice do you seek on economic issues? And who -- what's the profile of the kind of person you'd like to have advising you in your White House?
 And so what would you do about that to change that, to attract those kind of people so that they would be willing to serve a cross-section of people from every gender...
 When you mention a flat tax, does that mean that you look with some favor upon 9-9-9 that Herman Cain mentioned at the beginning of this conversation?
 Price of a pizza?
 Corporate and individual?
 Julianna?GOLDMAN OK. We will be coming back to 9-9-9, but first...
 Give him 30 seconds.
 You have that opportunity now.
 This is beginning to sound more like my table.Julianna? I mean, Karen?TUMULTY So, Mr. Cain, who do you turn to for political advice and for economic advice?
 Julianna?GOLDMAN Thank you.Governor Romney, it's 2013, and the European debt crisis has worsened. Countries are defaulting. Europe's largest banks are on the verge of bankruptcy. Contagion has spread to the U.S. And the global financial system is on the brink.What would you do differently than what President Bush, Henry Paulson, and Ben Bernanke did in 2008?
 So do you agree with Speaker Gingrich about Ben Bernanke, the chairman of the Fed?
 And who might that be?
 Well, we would like to have -- nor has anyone else, but we would like to have an idea of the kind of people that you would have confidence in, in playing this very important role, although Congressman Paul may differ about how important it is.
 Right.
 And as far as you're concerned, there is no institution, no financial institution, that is too big to fail?
 Housing is considered one of the real problems, in terms of our economy, and getting housing starts up.
 Yes.
 All right.
 Let me go to housing, what you'd do. Would you get the federal government out of housing? Yes?
 No Freddie -- no Freddie Mac, no Fannie Mae, nothing?
 All right. Time.
 All right. We'll be back -- take a break and be right back. Stay with us from Dartmouth, Hanover, New Hampshire.
 In order to take the pulse of America, we have partnered with LinkedIn. And they have some hundred 120 billion network professionals. And we've asked them to take part of this by giving us some polling that they have done.But before I bring some of those results in, I want to take a look at a series of clips we'll show you in this segment, beginning with this one of a former president.[begin video clip]RONALD REAGAN, 40TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The single most important question facing us tonight is, do we reduce deficits and interest rates by raising revenue from those who are not now paying their fair share? Or do we accept a bigger budget deficits, higher interest rates, and higher unemployment simply because we disagree on certain features of a legislative package which offers hope for millions of Americans at home, on the farm, and in the workplace?[end video clip]
 Let me go to the governor of Texas. Do you agree with the former president?
 But I want to stay with this idea of spending cuts and revenue increases. And go back to you, Governor Romney. This is where it is, it seems, in Washington right now. Not only the paralysis, but also you have got the super committees. And if, in fact, they can't find an agreement, you are going to have a trigger with automatic cuts, including defense.So doesn't that demand some kind of compromise, as Reagan suggested?
 Without any increase in revenue?
 All right.Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Will cutting back on the spending...
 Cutting back on spending, in your judgment, will do it?
 Take -- I want you to take a look. We'll come to all of you. Let me take a look at another clip. This one you will recognize, as well. Here it is.[begin video clip]
 Julianna?GOLDMAN I said we would get back to 9-9-9.Mr. Cain, you say that your plan is revenue-neutral. And last year, the U.S. collected $2.2 trillion dollars in tax revenue, but Bloomberg Government has run the numbers, and your plan would have raised no more than $2 trillion. And even with that shortfall, you'd still be slapping a 9 percent sales tax on food and medicine.
 All right -- go ahead, I'm sorry, go ahead.GOLDMAN But then explain why under your plan all Americans should be paying more for milk, for a loaf of bread, and beer?
 We have given several chances to respond. I will come back. We will continue to talk about taxes and spending. We also know here that there has been a paradigm shift in the world economic order. We know about China and we know about India.Here is our next clip and we will respond from that. Here it is.[begin video clip]
 Karen.TUMULTY Governor Huntsman, you were also ambassador to China. And you say that this would risk a trade war. But if China is indeed keeping its currency low, that means that everything they sell in this country is artificially cheap and everything that our companies tried to sell in China is artificially expensive.So what do you say to people who ask, aren't we already in a trade war with China?
 Let me go to Governor Perry and then Governor Huntsman. Governor Perry.
 All right.I want to come back to these issues, but let me introduce -- speaking of CEOs and business, this is a New Hampshire native. His name is David Cote. He is chairman and CEO of Honeywell, and he is a former member of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.Here he is.[begin video clip]COTE Twenty years ago, there were a billion people actively participating in the global economy. Today, there are more than four billion active participants in the global economy, with China, India, former CIS states, and other emerging economies now in the game.While that is a good and peaceful phenomenon, it also means we need to compete more strongly that we did in the past. We need an American competitiveness agenda. We need to inspire that American competitive spirit that has served us for so well for over 200 years.I would like to ask, what would be on your American competitiveness agenda? And with one last small request, my guess is all of us are ready to accept that we are a great country and a great people. So, if your response could focus on specifics, it would be much appreciated.Thank you.[end video clip]
 Senator Santorum, we talked about jobs in Pennsylvania. A competitive agenda of yours would be what?
 So if you keep mentioning "999" and Herman Cain, I'm going to have to go back to him every other question.
 Right.
 All right. But the time...
 You see the red light, time.
 I've got to go to the break, and I'm -- but I'm going to give both Herman Cain and Governor Romney a chance to make their point, because they were both mentioned, first Cain, then Romney, then break.
 Governor Romney?
 All right.
 OK, let's -- then we'll go to Huntsman, then we'll go to the break, and then when we come back, each of you can question each other.[laughter]
 All right. Governor Huntsman, then we go.
 All right. We have much to talk about.When we come back, the candidates will ask questions of each other, after this break.
 Welcome back. We are at the Republican presidential candidates' debate. We are at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. And we are pleased now to turn it around a bit and have the candidates question each other.They will each have 30 seconds to pose and answer. We'll have one minute to respond, 30 seconds for a question, one minute to respond. We will proceed in alphabetical order. I want you to remember, as we talk about this, we are talking about the economy, or those things that affect the economy.Beginning in alphabetical order, Congresswoman Bachmann.
 Herman Cain, question.
 All right. Speaker Gingrich, question.
 Governor Huntsman?
 All right.Congressman Paul?
 Question?
 Mr. Cain?
 Governor Perry, question for...
 Senator Santorum?
 No, I'm sorry. You're right. Governor Romney?[laughter]Very good. I -- I missed school that day.
 I missed school that day when they said R is before S.
 We'd know that, wouldn't we?[laughter]I was thinking how much I was enjoying this.
 Ask now?
 With that, we will take a break, and come back for our final segment. Stay with us.
 We are back at Dartmouth in Hanover, New Hampshire, talking with the eight Republican candidates about a variety of issues.Clearly, we come back to health care. And I want to go to Governor Perry.Explain to me what you think the difference is about your health care ideas and Governor Romney's health care ideas, and how you see mandates and how he sees mandates and the Constitution, because not only has there been some exchange here, Governor Christie got involved today.
 Julianna.GOLDMAN Thank you, Charlie.Mr. Cain, you disapprove of Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke, and we all know that your priority is 999. But one of the most important appointments that you're going to have to make your first year, should you be president, would be Fed chairman.So which Federal Reserve chairman over the last 40 years do you think has been most successful and might serve as a model for that appointment?
 I want to go from the gold standard to a small-business person who is from New Hampshire who's in the audience with us and has a question about small business, of which she has founded one. Margot Thompson?QUESTION Businesses like mine have great difficulty obtaining credit. What specifically would you do to make bank lending more accessible to small businesses?
 Direct it to...QUESTION I was told to direct it to you.[laughter]
 Oh, oh. So, Governor Romney?[laughter]
 I ask questions, not answer them, Governor.
 I forget to explain that.
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Here, and then go over to you. First and then there.
 All right.I want to bring my colleagues in -- Karen.TUMULTY Governor Perry, taxpayers stand to lose half a billion dollars in the collapse of Solyndra, which is a solar energy firm that was a centerpiece of the Obama green jobs initiative. Do you think there were inadequate safeguards there, or do you think this is just the risk we run when the government gets involved in subsidizing new industries and technologies?
 All right.We have one more video I want to show. Here is.[begin video clip]
 W. BUSH, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The more people who own their home, the better off America is. And we're making good progress. Our nation's 68 percent homeownership rate is the highest ever. Most people own homes now than ever before in the country's history, and that's exciting for the future of America.[end video clip]
 Speaker Gingrich, is the American dream of owning a home no longer a realistic dream, and is it too easy in America?
 All right. Julianna.GOLDMAN Mr. Cain...GOLDMAN ... you recently said, quoting you, "don't blame Wall Street, don't blame the big banks, if you don't have a job and you are not rich, blame yourself." So are you telling 14 million unemployed Americans that it is their fault that they don't have a job?
 Before closing questions, I want not this hour-and-a-half to pass without some recognition and conversation about the question of disparity in America.TUMULTY Governor Perry, over the last 30 years, the income of the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans has grown by more than 300 percent, and yet we have more people living in poverty in this country than at any time in the last 50 years.Is this acceptable? And what would you do to close that gap?
 OK. But we are almost out of time. I want to give you a chance, and then we have to go the final questions.
 All right.
 All right. I've got one last question, one last question, with 30 minutes...PROTESTOR [off-mike]
 One last question...PROTESTOR [off-mike]
 All right. One last question, as we close this evening, and, each of you, 30 seconds. What is it about you that you want to connect with the American people, in their both despair and in their hope for the future that says something essentially about who you are?And I begin with Congresswoman Bachmann.
 It is about the individual. We have 30 seconds here. We've talked about issues here, but I want to talk for a moment, as a last impression, a sense of what it is about you that you want to say here and let the American people know about you and your sense of recognizing their own pain, as well as their hope?
 Thirty seconds, too, I'm sorry.
 Herman Cain, 30 seconds?
 Congressman -- Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul?
 Senator Santorum?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Governor Perry?
 Governor Romney?
 All right. I want to thank each and all of the candidates who sat at this table this evening. As I said at the beginning, I believe in tables, and I believe that places where you can come and talk about the country and its future and your beliefs in important.Secondly, I want to thank Karen and thank Julianna for joining us. I want to thank all of you who came here this evening to hear these candidates. Thank you very much. For those at home, thank you for watching. A post-debate program will follow this. We thank you for your time. Good night.
 Welcome to the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida, the site of our Republican presidential debate. It is being sponsored by Fox News and Google in conjunction with the Florida Republican Party.Besides watching us on Fox News Channel, we are being streamed on YouTube.com/Fox News and heard on Fox News Radio.Now let's meet the candidates.Texas Governor Rick Perry.Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.Congressman Ron Paul.Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.Businessman Herman Cain.Former Senator Rick Santorum.Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman.And former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson.Joining me at the big desk tonight, my Fox News colleagues Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace.With our partner Google, we have some new features we'd like to quickly tell you about.Throughout the night we'll be playing some questions from viewers who posted their video and text questions on YouTube. We will also be polling viewers on key issues while the debate is under way. We will have updates from our own Shannon Bream.Our rules are similar to previous Fox debates, one minute for answers, 30 seconds for follow-ups. And after an outpouring of e-mails from dog owners who said the last bell sounded like their doorbell, we have a new sound for the candidates if they run too long.Thank you to Google for that sound. We hope after a string of debates we don't have to use that too much.Now, we received thousands and thousands of questions from around the world on different topics. Each one of these pins on the map is another question from health care and immigration, to foreign policy and social issues. But the highest percentage of questions dealt with jobs, the economy, debt, and government spending. And that was even before today's major market slide.What makes this debate unique is that not only did you submit the questions, you voted on them, letting everyone know which questions you think the candidates should be asked tonight.We received questions from all 50 states, but our first question comes from Dave Meldeau, right here in Florida.[begin video clip]QUESTION As a small business owner, one of the obstacles I have in growing my business in today's economy is having the confidence and incentive to go out and hire new employees. I'm wondering what each one of our candidates would propose to do as president to help incent small businesses like mine to hire new employees and to confidently grow our business in this troublesome economic environment.[end video clip]
 Governor Perry, I'll put that question to you.
 Governor Perry, the thing we've heard from most people who submitted questions is they wanted specifics, they wanted details. Most of the people on the stage, opponents, have a specific jobs plan on paper that people can read.Where is your jobs plan?
 Governor Romney -- Governor Romney, you have a specific plan. In recent days, actually, the top rising search of your name on Google actually dealt with people searching for specifics of that plan.But a Wall Street Journal editorial recently called your 59-point economic plan, quote, "surprisingly timid and tactical considering our economic predicament." Specifically, the editorial board had a problem with you picking the $200,000 income threshold for eliminating interest, dividends, and capital gains taxes, writing that you were afraid of President Obama's, quote, "class warfare rhetoric."How do you response to that criticism?
 There we go.
 So, sir, what...  ... what do you consider rich? Is half-a-million dollars, a million dollars rich? At what income does someone reach your definition of rich?
 Governor, thank you very much. Occasionally, through the debate, we will ask the same questions we ask the candidates to you at home. The first one, what is your definition of rich? You can vote on that answer at youtube.com/foxnews. We'll bring some of those results throughout the show with Shannon Bream.Now to my colleague, Megyn Kelly.KELLY Thanks, Bret.Congresswoman Bachmann, after the last debate, a young member of the California Tea Party said he didn't feel he had had his question fully answered. And it's a question that received the most votes on Google and YouTube on the list, as well. The answer his question is a number. And the question was, quote, "Out of every dollar I earn, how much do you think that I deserve to keep?"
 Now I turn to my colleague, Chris Wallace.Chris?
 Bret, thank you. Good evening, candidates.Governor Huntsman, in Utah, you offered millions of dollars in tax credits to promote clean energy. In June you said that as president you would subsidize natural gas companies. How is that different from the Obama administration, which gave the solar panel company Solyndra a half-a-billion dollars in federal loan guarantees, and as we all know, that company ended up bankrupt, and we taxpayers ended up on the hook?
 But just a 30-second follow-up, sir. In June, you told the New Hampshire Union Leader as president you would subsidies the natural gas industry.
 Mr. Cain, I want to follow up on your 999 plan for economic growth. That's a 9 percent...Well, they seem to already know what it is. But for the few who don't, it's a 9 percent flat corporate tax, a 9 percent flat income tax, and a new 9 percent national sales tax.Now, conservatives usually say repeal the income tax before you impose a new tax. Isn't there a danger with your 999 plan, with these three taxes, that some government down the road after President Cain is going to increase three forms of taxation on Americans?
 The rule is if your name is mentioned in an answer you get 30 seconds to respond -- Governor Romney.
 Congressman Paul I want to show the video that got the most votes of all the video questions submitted to YouTube. And this one comes, as you can see, from Brandy and Michael in Spencer, Indiana.[begin video clip]QUESTION There's growing concern among Americans about the size and the scope of the federal government and its infringement upon state and individual rights.QUESTION If you're elected president how do you plan to restore the 10th amendment, hold the federal government only to those enumerated powers in the Constitution and allow states to govern themselves?[end video clip]
 Congressman what is your answer for Brandy and Michael?
 Anything else? You have a little time left. [laughter]
 OK, we got to the full answer there at the end. Governor Johnson, same question to you about the 10th amendment. With this added, you are an outspoken libertarian. What makes you a better choice for libertarian Republicans than Congressman Paul?JOHNSON I'm not going to presume to make that assumption, but I would like to say that I do bring a unique perspective to this stage. I started a one-man handyman business in Albuquerque in 1974 and grew it to over 1,000 employees. I have run for two political offices in my life governor of New Mexico and reelection. I promise to submit a balanced budget to congress in the year 2013. I promise to veto legislation where expenditures exceed revenue.And if anybody doubts my willingness to veto bills, I think I vetoed more bills than any governor in the history of the United States. I think I vetoed more bills than all the other governors in the country combined.Add to that, throwing out the entire federal tax system and replacing it with a consumption tax, the fair tax, which would absolutely reboot the American economy because it does away with the corporate tax to create tens of millions of jobs in this country.
 Governor Johnson, thank you.We'll be coming back to the issue of the economy throughout this debate tonight. As I mentioned at the top of the show, we'll also be checking in with our own Shannon Bream throughout the night to get real-time updates from people watching -- Shannon.BREAM Hi Bret.Well, this is the most interactive debate ever, and it's thanks to our partner Google. You can go to YouTube.com/Fox News. What happens there, folks can see the debate streaming live. But also, to the right of the screen, all night long, we are sending out questions so we can get your answers at home. And you can participate and weigh in.Bret, a little bit earlier, asked Governor Romney how he defines rich. It's a question we put to folks out on the Internet as well, and we've got the results.Here's the question "I define rich as someone having an annual income higher than." A hundred thousand dollars, 13 percent of you weighed in there; $250,000, 22 percent; $500,000, 22 percent; and the majority went with $1 million annual income, that defines you as rich,44 percent of those who voted.We'll be going through all kinds of polls and data on the commercials. Join us at YouTube.com/Fox News.Bret, back to you.
 Thanks, Shannon.After the break, we will be tackling foreign policy, government spending. Shannon will have more on that, too. And also the issue of immigration.Now, here for a preview of what's to come, let's take a look at what's called a word cloud. It shows the words that were used most often in all of the questions you asked about immigration. The bigger the word, the more often it was used.The biggest word in this cloud, as you see, is "illegal."Back after a short break.[begin video clip]RICK SCOTT, R-FLA. Good evening. I'm Florida Governor Rick Scott. Because of Florida's size and diversity, our state represents the very pulse of our great nation. Not only will Florida be a must win for a Republican to be our party's nominee, Florida is a must win on the road to the White House.It is my belief that the next president will be the candidate who both articulates a plan for getting America's economy back on the right track and inspires confidence in the hearts and minds of all Americans.Good luck to all the candidates.This debate is a partnership with Fox News and Google. I thank the men and women of Fox News and Google for choosing Florida, and thank all of you for being part of this exciting event.[end video clip]
 Thank you Governor Scott.And welcome back to Orlando, Florida, and the Republican presidential debate.
 My colleague Megyn Kelly will take us through the next round of questions on government spending and debt.KELLY Thanks, Bret.Governor Perry, Governor Romney has been hammering you on your idea of turning Social Security back to the states, repeatedly. Can you explain specifically how 50 separate Social Security systems are supposed to work?
 We are going to have a round on that.
 Thank you, Megyn.The next question is for all of the candidates. It comes to us from Atlanta, Georgia, on the topic of education.[begin video clip]QUESTION Hi, I'm Stella Lohmann from Atlanta, Georgia. I've taught in both public and private schools, and now as a substitute teacher I see administrators more focused on satisfying federal mandates, retaining funding, trying not to get sued, while the teachers are jumping through hoops trying to serve up a one-size-fits-all education for their students. What as president would you seriously do about what I consider a massive overreach of big government into the classroom? Thank you.[end video clip]
 That topic is for all candidates. And to get everyone to weigh in, 30 seconds each, please.Governor Johnson?JOHNSON I'm promising to submit a balanced budget to Congress in the year 2013. That's a 43 percent reduction in federal spending.I am going to promise to advocate the abolishment of the federal Department of Education.The federal Department of Education gives each state 11 cents out of every dollar that every state spends, but it comes with 16 cents worth of strings attached. So what America does not understand is that it's a negative to take federal money. Give it to 50 laboratories of innovation, the states, to improve on, and that's what we'll see dramatic improvement.
 Senator Santorum?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor Perry.
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Romney, I want give you more time. Did Governor Perry say something that wasn't true?
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Mr. Cain?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Governor Huntsman thank you.And by the way, everyone likes the new sound, it's far more pleasing instead of the bell? OK, I guess they do. [laughter]
 ...round of questions on immigration.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, as you well know, a number of states are trying to crack down on illegal immigration. We got a bunch of questions on immigration like this one from Tim Emerson, this is a text question so you don't need to look up there. Tim Emerson of California.He wrote this, "would you support each state enforcing the immigration laws since the federal government is not?"Congresswoman, could you answer Tim's question? And if your answer is yes, how do you square that with the constitution which says that congress has the power to establish a uniform rule of naturalization?
 Congresswoman, thank you.And we're going to get back to that issue in a moment.But first, Speaker Gingrich, as you well know, there's a debate going on in Congress right now about whether or not to make all employers, all businesses use E-Verify, a government database, to check whether or not new hires are illegal. Now, some Tea Partiers object to that idea because they say it would turn small businessmen into immigration agents.But KristenMODERATORon of the Federation for American Immigration Reform sent this question. Please look at it.[begin video clip]QUESTION KristenMODERATORon, the Federal for American Immigration Reform.Struggling U.S. workers continue to compete with millions of illegal aliens. Do you support legislation to require all employers to use E-Verify in order to ensure that the people that they hire are actually legally authorized to work in the U.S.? And will you impose penalties against employers who continue to hire illegal workers?[end video clip]
 The question, Mr. Speaker, is, should employers be required to use E-Verify?
 Mr. Speaker, thank you.Governor Romney, I want to continue a conversation that you had with Governor Perry in the last debate.In Massachusetts, you vetoed legislation to provide interstate tuition rates to the children of illegals. Governor Perry of course signed the Texas Dream Act to do exactly that. But what about Governor Perry's argument that it's better to get these kids an education and to get them jobs than to consign them just to being a burden on the state?
 Governor Perry, I'm going to ask you a question, so you don't need to respond to him, because you're going to get a full minute to answer your question, which is on directly this point. You're the candidate whose name, by a wide margin, came up most often in the questions being submitted to all of you candidates about immigration.Dave Hollenback of Arizona sent this "To date, it appears that you have not tried to stop the illegals from coming. We have high unemployment and a considerable amount of jobs going to illegals. Are you going to exert an effort to stop the abuse of U.S. citizens by illegals?"Now, last year, more than 16,000 children of illegals, young people in Texas, took advantage of your in-state tuition rate. Speak to that issue. And just, generally, how do you feel being criticized by a number of these other candidates on the stage for being too soft on immigration, sir?
 Senator Santorum -- [booing]
 Senator Santorum, you don't need to butt in because I was about to ask you a question on this exact issue.You say that Governor Perry's opposition to building a border along the entire fence shows that he is a "big government moderate."Question Is he soft on illegal immigration?
 Governor Perry, 30 seconds to respond, sir.
 Senator Santorum, let him finish, please.
 Well, you know, you asked your question, he gave his answer, sir.
 Sometimes we are frustrated with all of you answering questions. [laughter]
 Congressman Paul, I want to ask you a question about a comment you made a couple of weeks ago about a border fence with Mexico. Here's what you said, sir. I want to quote it "There's capital controls and there's people control. So every time you think of a fence keeping all those bad people out, think about those fences maybe being used against us, keeping us in."Question, Congressman, do you know a lot of Americans who want to take their money and flee the United States of America? [laughter]
 Congressman Paul, thank you very much, sir.
 Chris, thank you. Let's check in now with Shannon Bream.Shannon?BREAM Well, Bret, one of the really interesting and valuable pieces of information we get from our partner, Google, is looking at search trends. We want to take you through some of those.They've looked online for people within the U.S. who have been searching for coupons. We've talked about the economy a lot. If you look at the trend, it has been going up, up, up very steadily since 2004 to right now.Another search compares home loan searches for foreclosure searches. Those have slipped over time. And now more people searching for information about foreclosures than home loans.And another look, this compares folks searching for the best SUV miles per gallon and also gas prices, and those go together. When people are worried about their pocketbooks, worried about finding a bargain, they're also looking at how they can save on gas and how they can conserve.We've also been tracking questions that you've been putting to the candidates. We've put them to the folks at home, as well, and we've got some results. This question the same one we asked the candidates. If you had to cut a government department, what would you cut?This is what the folks at home told us the Labor Department, 8 percent; the EPA, 12 percent; Housing and Urban Development, 12 percent; Education,47 percent, easily the majority there; and none, 20 percent.Check it all out, YouTube.com/foxnews. Bret, back to you.
 Thanks, Shannon. We'll check back with you a little later.Up next, foreign policy, social issues, and health care, after the break.
 Welcome back to Orlando and the Republican presidential debate. We're parting -- partner -- partnering -- easy for me to say -- with Google and the Florida Republican Party.Now to the topic of foreign policy. And all night we've been showing you these word clouds. Take a look at this one. All the searches on foreign policy, Israel is the biggest word. These are actually the words used in questions.And that brings us to our first question. This week, with the Palestinian efforts at the United Nations, the issue of the future of Israel is a big concern to questioners. In fact, Governor Romney, the next question was a top question voted in the foreign policy section from Yigal Marcus in Teaneck, New Jersey.[begin video clip]QUESTION As president, how would you approach the new reality in the Middle East, specifically with regards to our ally, Israel, and the existential threats it faces from Iran, Hamas, Hezbollah, and now the Palestinian Authority?[end video clip]
 Governor Romney?
 Thank you, Governor Romney.Mr. Cain, this week, the Palestinian Authority brought their bid for statehood to the United Nations. How would you respond to the unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state?
 Mr. Cain, thank you.Here's a comparison of searches on Google for Israel, Pakistan and Afghanistan over the past few years. You can see the lines, Israel dominates the searches except for a few critical moments in time for Pakistan.Which brings us to this, Governor Perry, if you were president, and you go a call at 3 am telling you that Pakistan had lost control of is nuclear weapons, at the hands of the Taliban, what would be your first move?
 Senator Santorum if the security situation were to fall apart in Iraq in 2012 would you support sending U.S. troops back to the region to stabilize the gains made?
 Speaker Gingrich, many of the foreign policy questions we received had directly to do with the U.S. economy as well when it came to the topic of foreign aid.Butch Russell had the top voted video question in the section of foreign policy.[begin video clip]QUESTION When are we gonna get someone in the White House that can stand up to these other countries and say you are not getting any more of our money. This is stupid. We send billions of dollars overseas to countries that hate us.[end video clip]
 Speaker Gingrich.
 Speaker Gingrich, thank you.Governor Johnson, here in Florida, charter flights from Ft. Lauderdale to Havana, Cuba, have resumed. Is there a problem with that? And what are your thoughts on U.S.-Cuba policy?JOHNSON I think the biggest threat to our national security is the fact that we're bankrupt, so I am promising to submit a balanced budget to Congress in the year 2013, and included in that is a 43 percent reduction in military spending.I think it's crazy that we have foreign aid to company -- to countries when we're borrowing 43 cents out of every dollar to do that.Military alliances -- military alliances are really key to other countries taking up the slack.With regard to flights to Cuba? You know, I'm -- I'm in favor, I think, of the whole notion that trade promotes friendship, as opposed to not. So I would be inclined to looking at establishing or supporting those kinds of flights.
 Governor Johnson, thank you.Now...
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Thank you, Congresswoman.Now to my colleague, Megyn Kelly, on the topic of social issues.KELLY Governor Huntsman?
 It is.
 Senator Santorum, very quickly?
 Thank you very much. Now, as I originally said, Megyn Kelly on social issues. [laughter]KELLY And now I'm moving on from you, Governor Huntsman, to you, Congresswoman Bachmann. In 2006, you said that public schools are, quote, "teaching children that there is separation of church and state," and said, quote, "I am here to tell you that's a myth."Do you believe that there is a limit...  ... on government's ability to inject religion into the public square? And if so, what is that limit?
 Thank you, Meagan.We've been showing you these word clouds throughout the night. Take a look at this one, all of the questions on health care. You can see the big word there, Obamacare.Chris has the questions on health care.
 And we'll get right to that question of Obamacare.Mr. Cain, you are a survivor of stage 4 colon and liver cancer. And you say, if Obamacare had been...
 ...and we all share in the happiness about your situation. But, you say if Obamacare had been in effect when you were first being treated, you would dead now. Why?
 Governor Huntsman, you say President Obama's health care plan is a trillion dollar bomb dropping -- dropped on taxpayers and job creation. But I want to show you the top voted question on YouTube that was submitted on health care. And it comes from Ian McDonald of Michigan who says he has a health problem. Watch it, sir.[begin video clip]QUESTION Hi, I'm a student. And I have a chronic heart condition. So for me, and those like me, the Democrats' health care reform, allowing us to stay on our parents' insurance longer was a godsend.If were you elected, would you work as is the stated position of your party to repeal this reform? And if so, are we supposed to pray really hard that our ailments don't prevent us from going to class?[end video clip]
 Governor, what about provisions that Ian talks about? For instance, the one that allows kids to stay on their parents' policies until they were 26, or not limiting coverage for preexisting conditions. President Obama says the only way that insurance companies can afford to provide those kinds of reforms is with the individual mandate where they get a lot of new customers.
 Thank you, governor.Congresswoman Bachmann, in the last debate you criticized Governor Perry for his executive order mandating that 6th graders get the HPV vaccine to prevent cervical cancer. Then afterward, you suggested that the vaccine was linked to mental retardation and you said that it could be, quote, "potentially be a very dangerous drug."But the American Academy of Pediatrics has looked at it and says that the HPV vaccine has an excellent safety record. So my question to you is, do you stand by your statement that the HPV vaccine is potentially dangerous? And if not, should you be more careful when you're talking about public health issue?
 Governor Perry, obviously 30 seconds to respond.
 Governor Perry, I now have a question for you. Texas has the most uninsured residents of any state in the country, 25 percent.In the last debate, you blamed it on restrictions imposed by the federal government. But we checked about that, sir, in fact the feds treat Texas like they do all the other big states. On its own, on its own, Texas has imposed some of the toughest eligibility rules for Medicaid of any state in the country. In fact, you rank 49th in Medicaid coverage of low income residents.So the question is, isn't Texas' uninsured problem because of decisions made by Texas?
 Governor Romney, the other day Governor Perry called Romneycare socialized medicine. He said it has failed in western Europe and in Massachusetts. And he warns that Republicans should not nominate his words, Obama-lite.How do you respond to Governor Perry?
 Governor -- Governor Perry, 30 seconds to respond.
 Governor Romney?
 Gentlemen, thank you both.Bret?
 Coming up, we return to issue number one jobs.Stay tuned.
 Welcome back to the Orange County Convention Center here in Orlando, Florida, and the Republican presidential debate.Now a question for all of the candidates. Independent New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg recently fretted over the possibility of the unemployed rioting in the streets. Ohio's Republican Governor John Kasich recently said, quote, "For the first time in my life, I'm worried about this country." And recently, a liberal columnist wrote this, quote, "We've lost our mojo."You know, President Obama promised hope and change. And according to many polls, fewer and fewer Americans believe he's delivered.Now, I'm not asking for your jobs plan here. What I'm asking for is, how are you going to turn this country around? We'll go down the row, 30 seconds each.Governor Huntsman?
 Mr. Cain?
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Romney?
 Governor Perry?
 Congressman Paul?
 Waiting for the applause.Speaker Gingrich?
 Senator Santorum?
 Governor Johnson?JOHNSON My next-door neighbor's two dogs have created more shovel-ready jobs than this current administration. [laughter]Balance the federal budget now, not 15 years from now, not 20 years from now, but now. And throw out the entire federal tax system, replace it with a fair tax, a consumption tax, that by all measurements is just that. It's fair. It does away with corporate income tax. If that doesn't create tens of millions of jobs in this country, I don't know what does.
 You just made your neighbor's dog very famous. [laughter]When we come back in just one minute -- one minute -- the final round. We'll be talking about the Republican ticket. We're back from Orlando, Florida.
 Welcome back to Orlando for our final round, our final question from YouTube. Our wildcard question comes from Darrell Owens in Richmond, Virginia.[begin video clip]QUESTION If you had to choose one of your opponents on the stage tonight to be your running mate in the 2012 election, who would you choose, and why? And why would this person help you make the country better?[end video clip]
 Again, if you had to choose a running mate, one of the people on the stage with you, who would you choose and why? Thirty seconds down the row.Governor Johnson?JOHNSON Well, that would be the guy three down, Congressman Paul.And that would be...And that would be the notion that this country is about liberty and freedom and that right now we are facing an extraordinary crisis that, if we do not address it now, we're going to find ourselves in a monetary crisis that is going to leave us all with nothing. And if we want to look at an example of that, that would be Russia that experienced a monetary collapse, that in our lifetimes may never acquire. We need to avoid that now.
 Senator Santorum, who would you choose?
 You have eight to choose.
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul, hurt away.
 Governor Perry, how do you answer Darrell Jones?
 Governor Romney, Darrell Owens would like an answer.
 Governor Romney, I hate to follow up here, but you called Governor Perry unelectable based on his Social Security...
 Congresswoman Bachmann, back to the original question?
 Mr. Cain?
 It is a YouTube question.Governor Huntsman?
 Candidates, thank you very much. That is it for our debate tonight. Our thanks to the candidates and their staffs. A big thank you to our debate partner, Google, and the Florida Republican Party, to all the great people here in the Orange County Convention Center and, of course, the state of Florida. They could not have been more hospitable.Stay with Fox News Channel, America's election headquarters, all the way to the general election and the inauguration.
 And welcome to the Florida State Fairgrounds here in Tampa, the site of the first ever Tea Party/Republican presidential debate.One year from now, right here in Tampa, the Republican National Convention will nominate the Republican candidate for president of the United States.Tonight, eight contenders will be on this stage to try to convince voters he or she is the best choice to hold the highest office in the country. And joining them inside this hall, Tea Party activists from Florida and across the nation.I'm Wolf Blitzer.I'd like to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world, including U.S. troops and their families watching overseas.Tonight's debate is airing on CNN, CNN International, CNN en Espanol, and the American Forces Network seen on U.S. military bases in 175 countries and aboard Navy ships at sea around the globe.We also want to welcome our co-sponsors, the Tea Party Express, and more than 100 state and local Tea Party groups from across the United States.Members of the Tea Party movement will play an active role in this debate. We'll take questions from here in Florida, one of the most critical battleground states in the nation. We'll also take questions from Tea Party activists in three other key states.Watch parties are under way right now in Portsmouth, Virginia, an historic Navy port and a 2012 election battleground. In Phoenix, Arizona, the western states shaping the national debate over immigration. And in Cincinnati, Ohio, the Midwestern swing state that has been decisive in so many elections.
 It's time now to meet the 2012 Republican presidential contenders.Joining us now on stage, the former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania, Rick Santorum.
 The former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.
 Texas Congressman Ron Paul.
 Texas Governor Rick Perry.Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney.
 Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.The former president and CEO of Godfather's Pizza, Herman Cain.And the former governor of Utah, Jon Huntsman.Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidates for president of the United States.Ladies and gentlemen, please rise now and join recording artist Diana Nagy as she leads us in the national anthem.DIANA NAGY, RECORDING ARTIST [Sings "The Star Spangled Banner"]
 Diana Nagy, thanks very, very much.Candidates, please take your podiums. And while you do, I want to tell all of our viewers, everyone here a little bit more about how this debate will work.I, obviously, will be the moderator. I'll ask questions and follow-ups, and I'll work to try my best to make sure that each candidate is getting his or her fair share of the questions and the answer time. And as I mentioned, the tea party activists will be asking questions here in the hall, as well as from our remote sites. And, viewers, you, too, can participate. We're accepting questions for the candidates on Twitter -- make sure to include #cnnteaparty -- on Facebook and, of course, on cnnpolitics.com. Each candidate will have about one minute to answer questions and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. I'll make sure that each candidate gets the time to respond if they are singled out for specific criticism.It's important that the American public knows where the candidates agree on the substantive issues and where they disagree. We want everyone watching to emerge from this debate more informed about these eight people, who each want to become the president of the United States.Now that the candidates are all in place, it's time for the candidates to introduce themselves to our audience. I'm asking them all to keep it very, very short. Here's an example of what I have in mind.I'm Wolf Blitzer, and I'm usually in "The Situation Room," but tonight I'm thrilled to be at the Tea Party Republican presidential debate.Governor Huntsman, we'll begin with you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the eight Republican presidential candidates.All right. Let's -- let's start off here in Tampa. We have a Tea Party activist. Please identify yourself and ask your question.QUESTION [off-mike] Tea Party, Jacksonville, Florida. My question How will you convince senior citizens that Social Security and Medicare need to be changed and get their vote?
 Good question. Let me begin with Michele Bachmann. Congresswoman, how do you do that? How do you go ahead and change, reform Social Security, Medicare, while at the same time getting votes?
 Governor Perry, speaking of Social Security, you've said in the past it's a Ponzi scheme, an absolute failure, unconstitutional, but today you wrote an article in USA Today saying it must be saved and reformed, very different tone. Why?
 Governor Romney, you said that Governor Perry's position on Social Security is, quote, unacceptable and could even obliterate the Republican Party. Are you saying he could not, as Republican nominee, beat Barack Obama?
 Let's let Governor Perry respond. You have 30 seconds.
 Congressman Paul, let me expand this conversation. Do you agree with Governor Perry that Social Security is a Ponzi scheme?
 All right. Hold that thought for a minute, because I want Herman Cain to get involved.Are you with Governor Perry that Social Security is a Ponzi scheme?
 Governor Huntsman, when it comes to reforming Social Security, is anything from your perspective off the table?
 Speaker Gingrich, would you raise the retirement age for Social Security recipients?
 Let me just pinpoint the question. What would you do to fix Social Security?
 Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
 Senator Santorum, when it comes to Social Security, are you with Governor Romney or Governor Perry?
 Senator, thank you.Let's go to another question. We have a question now from the audience.Go ahead. Identify yourself.
 Good question. Let me ask Speaker Gingrich to respond, and I'll sort of paraphrase it.How do you do that? How do you protected seniors, balance the budget? So much of the budget goes to defense and entitlements like Social Security, Medicare.
 Senator Santorum, staying on the issue of spending, budget deficits, you voted for the prescription drug benefits for seniors when you were in the United States Senate costing about $1 trillion. If you had to do it over again, you wouldn't vote for that, but if you were president of the United States, would you repeal prescription drug benefits for seniors under Medicare?
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Perry, it was President Bush who pushed for prescription drug benefits for senior, not President Obama. It was President Bush who pushed for prescription drug benefits for seniors. The question to you If you were president -- it's not a difficult question -- would you vote to eliminate, to repeal those prescription drug benefits for seniors under Medicare?
 But, Governor, just to be precise, if you were president, you wouldn't repeal prescription drug benefits for seniors under Medicare?
 OK. Just want to be precise on that, Governor.Governor Romney, what about you?
 Congressman Paul, what about you? Would you repeal it?
 We're going to get to national security. Don't worry.Congresswoman Bachmann, what about you?
 All right, we've got a lot more to discuss. We're only just beginning. I want to take a quick break. I want our viewers out there to know they can weigh in, they can respond. Go to Twitter, Facebook, cnn.com. We want to hear from you if you have questions for these eight Republican presidential candidates. You'll have an opportunity to get some questions to them. We're going to talk about jobs, jobs, jobs when we come back.
 Welcome back to CNN Tea Party Republican presidential debate. We've got a question from Portsmouth, Virginia. Please identify yourself. Go ahead.QUESTION Good evening. My name is Sandra Jones (ph) from Yorktown, Virginia. My question is, what would you do to get the economy moving forward? Do you have a plan? And, if so, what is it?
 All right, good question. Let's ask Governor Huntsman. The first thing you would do as president of the United States, knowing, of course, that President Obama today formally gave legislation to Congress with his jobs plan?
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Perry, the president in his new plan has a lot of tax cuts, payroll tax cuts, middle-class tax cuts, tax credits for hiring veterans, tax credits for hiring long-term unemployed people. Are those things you would support?
 So just to be precise, Governor, whenever the president supports tax cuts, that has to be balanced with spending cuts?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, I'm going to bring Mr. Cain in, in a moment, but the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003, which went across the board, were not offset with spending cuts, and as a result, potentially, a lot of economists think, the deficit went up and up and up.
 Mr. Cain?
 Governor Romney, you know Governor Perry as governor of Texas created more jobs in Texas than any other state.
 And just to get back to the question. So does Governor Perry deserve any credit for all those jobs that were created in Texas?
 Go ahead and tell him how much credit he deserves.[laughter]
 All right. Governor Perry, you were dealt four aces.
 Congressman Paul, you're from Texas. Does your governor deserve all that credit?
 All right.
 Governor Perry, you have 30 seconds to tell Congressman Paul whether you're going to raise his taxes.
 Let me bring Speaker Gingrich into this conversation.Jobs, jobs, jobs. All of us who covered you when you were Speaker -- and you worked with President Clinton at the time -- you compromised, he compromised, you got things done. There was a budget surplus for as far as the eye could see.If you were president, would you work with the Democrats, assuming they were the majority in the House or the Senate? Would you compromise with them on some of these gut issues?
 Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
 All right. We have a question via CNNPolitics.com. "All of you profess to be pro-business candidates for president. Can you be pro-worker at the same time?"Mr. Cain?
 Thank you, Mr. Cain.
 Governor Huntsman, you have experience in the business community, in government. Why would you be more effective in creating jobs than any of your rivals on this stage?
 All right. We're going to let everybody respond. We've got a lot more to talk about, including national security -- it's a critical issue -- taxes, Federal Reserve, health care, many more subjects coming up.Stay with us. Remember, go to Twitter or Facebook, CNNPolitics.com. We want to hear from you as well.Our special coverage of this historic CNN/Tea Party Republican presidential debate will continue after this.
 Welcome back to the CNN/Tea Party presidential debate. We're here in Tampa.Let's go right to a question from the audience.Please give us your name.
 Senator Santorum?
 Mr. Cain?
 You were once with the Kansas City Federal Reserve. Should it be audited?
 Thank you. Congresswoman Bachmann, you know that Governor Perry has suggested that Ben Bernanke, the head of the Federal Reserve, potentially should be tried for treason for what he's doing.Do you agree?
 It's one thing to say you wouldn't reappoint him, Ben Bernanke...... to be head of the Federal Reserve. It's another thing -- do you agree or disagree with Governor Perry that potentially he's engaged in treason?
 You stand by those remarks, Governor?
 Governor Romney, is there anything you disagree with -- with -- with Governor Perry on that point?
 All right. Let's take another question from the hall. Go ahead. And please identify yourself.QUESTION Hi. My name is Tyler Hensley (ph). I'm from Napa, California. My -- well, first of all, thank you guys for coming out tonight. My question is, out of every dollar that I earn, how much do you think that I deserve to keep?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Thank you, Governor.Speaker Gingrich, some of the biggest companies in the United States, the oil companies, they got -- I guess some would call government handouts in the form of tax breaks, tax exemptions, loopholes. They're making billions and billions of dollars. Is that fair?
 But I just want to follow up, Mr. Speaker. If you eliminate some of those loopholes, those exemptions, whether for ExxonMobil or G.E. or some other companies, there are those who argue that is, in effect, a tax increase and it would violate a pledge that so many Republicans have made not to raise taxes.
 All right, let's go to Cincinnati.We've got a question from Cincinnati. Go ahead.QUESTION Hello. My question is, would any of you be willing to support the fair tax?
 Governor Romney? A fair tax basically is a national sales tax.
 All right. We have another question from Portsmouth, Virginia. Go ahead.QUESTION My name is Linda Gunn (ph). I'm from Portsmouth, Virginia. I'm part of the Virginia Taxpayers Alliance. My question has to do with executive orders, under what circumstances should a president sign an executive order? And how frequently should such an order be signed?
 Congressman Paul.
 Governor Perry, as you well know, you signed an executive order requiring little girls 11 and 12-year-old girls to get a vaccine to deal with a sexually transmitted disease that could lead to cervical cancer. Was that a mistake?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, do you have anything to say about what Governor Perry just said. You're a mom.
 Let's let Governor Perry respond. Was what you signed into law, that vaccine for 11 and 12-year-old girls, was that,as some of your critics have suggested, a mandate?
 Senator Santorum -- go ahead.
 Hold on a second. First Congresswoman Bachmann, then Senator Santorum.
 What are you suggesting?
 All right. I'll let Senator Santorum hold off for a second.You've got to response to that.
 I'm going to move on, Governor Perry, unless you want to say anything else.
 All right. Let's take a question from the audience.Give us your name please.QUESTION I'm Caroline Taylor. I'm from Orange Park, Florida, with the Peoples Tea Party.My question is, health insurance is expensive because health care is expensive. What is your plan to reduce the cost of health care so that our insurance premiums and other related costs can also be reduced?
 All right.Mr. Cain?
 Thank you, Mr. Cain.Governor Romney, a lot of the Tea Party supporters here and around the country have a real serious problem with the health care mandate that you got through in Massachusetts. Is there anything you want to say to them to revise or amend? Do you stand by what you did?
 All right.Governor Perry, you're a firm believer in states' rights. Can a state like Massachusetts go ahead and pass health care reform, including mandates? Is that a good idea, if Massachusetts wants to do it?
 All right.
 I'm going to let you respond, but I want Governor Romney to respond first.
 Thank you, Governor. Before I get to Michele Bachmann, I want to just -- you're a physician, Ron Paul, so you're a doctor. You know something about this subject. Let me ask you this hypothetical question.A healthy 30-year-old young man has a good job, makes a good living, but decides, you know what? I'm not going to spend $200 or $300 a month for health insurance because I'm healthy, I don't need it. But something terrible happens, all of a sudden he needs it.Who's going to pay if he goes into a coma, for example? Who pays for that?
 Well, what do you want?
 But he doesn't have that. He doesn't have it, and he needs intensive care for six months. Who pays?
 But Congressman, are you saying that society should just let him die?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, go ahead and weigh in on this hypothetical 30-year-old who needs six months of intensive care, has no insurance.
 Which health care bill?
 Thank you.There is much, much more in this Republican presidential debate, the CNN Tea Party debate. Stand by. We're taking another quick break. When we come back, national security, immigration, and a lot more. We'll be right back.
 I'm Wolf Blitzer in Tampa at the CNN Tea Party Republican presidential debate. Thousands of you are watching and commenting online on Twitter, Facebook, and cnn.com. We've seen the candidates strongly disagree on several issues already. When we come back, three especially bitter divides the staggering cost of the war in Afghanistan; how to stop Iran from building a nuclear weapon; and illegal immigration. We'll be right back.
 Welcome back to the CNN Tea Party Republican presidential debate. We're here in Tampa. But we're taking questions from across the country.Let's go to Cincinnati. Please identify yourself and ask the question.QUESTION Yes, what -- what would you do -- what would you do to remove the illegal immigrants from our country?
 Senator Santorum, maybe 11 million, 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States. What would you do?
 Governor Perry, he mentioned you, so go ahead.
 Let me just take this quick question from Twitter, and then I want to stay on this subject. What are the candidates doing to attract the Latino voters? Go ahead, Senator Santorum.
 Governor Perry, I'm going to move on to Governor Huntsman in a second, but you did sign legislation giving some illegal immigrants in Texas the opportunity to have in-state tuition at universities in Texas, explain what that...
 You heard some boos there. But go ahead, Congresswoman Bachmann, is that basically the DREAM Act that President Obama wants as well?
 I'm going to bring Governor Huntsman here. But go ahead, Governor Perry.
 Hold on a second, Governor Huntsman, you also signed legislation in Utah that gave driving privileges to illegal immigrants. Was that a good idea?
 All right. Governor Romney, do you have a problem with either what Governor Huntsman did in Utah or Governor Perry did in Texas?
 I know you want to respond, too, because he said that what you did in Utah was a mistake giving driving privileges to illegal immigrants.
 Thank you, governor.All right. Let's take a question from Phoenix. Go ahead, Phoenix. Give us your name.QUESTION The United States has an abundance of coal, oil, natural gas and uranium. The American people have been told for decades that energy independence is a top priority. What will you do in your first 100 days in office to assure the American people that energy independence will finally become reality.
 Mr. Cain?
 Let's take a question from Twitter. Do you plan to decrease defense spending to balance spending? Or do you believe high spending is essential to security? Speaker Gingrinch?
 Congressman Paul.
 All right.
 Let me let Senator Santorum respond, because I know you strongly disagree.
 Thirty second, Mr. Paul.
 Thank you, Congressman.All right. We're going to say on this subject. We have a question from the audience.Go ahead. Please identify yourself.
 Governor Huntsman?
 Very quickly, to Governor Perry, $2 billion a week, is that money well spent by U.S. taxpayers in Afghanistan?
 Thank you, Governor.All right. We're going to take another quick break.When we come back, here's what we're going to do. You're going to get to know these candidates a little bit better. When we come back, what would they add to the White House if they were to move in?We'll be right back.
 Eight Republican presidential candidates on the stage.You know, Americans are looking at you. They also want to know a little bit more about you.I'm going to start with Senator Santorum. I want to go down and get your thoughts on something you would bring to the White House if you were the next president of the United States.An example, President George H. W. Bush put in a horseshoe pit. President Clinton put in a jogging track. President Obama added a vegetable garden.Senator Santorum, if you're president, what would you bring to the White House?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor Perry?
 Governor Romney?
 Congressman Bachmann?
 Mr. Cain?
 And Governor Huntsman?
 Ladies and gentlemen, the eight Republican presidential candidates.And that's all the time we have. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a hand to our candidates for the Republican nomination for president of the United States.We want to thank our partners, the Tea Party Express, and 150 Tea Party groups from around the country. Thanks also to our host, the Florida State Fairgrounds. Our next debate here on CNN, in Las Vegas, October 18th with the Western Republican Leadership Conference. We look forward to seeing the candidates and all of you there. The conversation continues online right now on Twitter, Facebook, and cnnpolitics.com. More coverage of this debate with "Anderson Cooper 360" right now.Tonight, from the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library, in a place dedicated to the memory of this Republican icon, in the 100th year after his birth, we will hear from the eight candidates who would like to claim his legacy. They're all here tonight ready to explain and defend their positions on job creation, on spending, debt, and taxes, on America's costly dual wars, and the toxic gridlock that is Washington, D.C.
 Live from the Reagan Library in Simi Valley, California, the Republican candidates debate. Here now are BrianMODERATOR and John Harris.
 Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Good evening, and welcome.Thank you especially for joining us here in this spectacular space, this spectacular presidential library, where we are all gathered under the wings of Air Force One. We're going to get right to it tonight because we have a lot of candidates on stage, a lot of issues to talk about.And for the next hour and 45 minutes, give or take, along with my colleague and friend, John Harris of the website Politico, we will be putting questions to the eight candidates on stage tonight. By agreement, they will have one minute to answer and then 30 seconds for follow-up or rebuttal, as they say, at the moderator's discretion. There will be no opening or closing statements during this debate tonight. With that out of the way, we're going to start with jobs and the economy. The numbers from our new NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll this week are, candidly, jaw-dropping. The country thinks the economy is going to get worse before it gets better. A majority of people in this country now believe the Republican policies of the first eight years of the past decade are responsible for the economic mess we're in. And we should quickly add, a majority also don't believe the current Democratic president has set the right policies to fix the fix we're in. Question is, really, who can?Governor Perry, we're going to begin with you. You're the newcomer here on stage. You probably saw this coming a mile away. You have touted your state's low taxes, the lack of regulation, tough tort reform as the recipe for job growth in the Lone Star State, but Texas ranks last among those who have completed high school, there are only eight other states with more living in poverty, no other state has more working at or below the minimum wage. So is that the kind of answer all Americans are looking for?
 But you know by now the counterargument to that is the number of low-wage jobs and the fact that unemployment is better in over half the states of the union than it is right now in Texas.
 Governor Romney, over to you. You've opened the door on this topic, at least where Governor Perry's concerned. Despite your own private-sector experience, as you know, Massachusetts ranked only 47th in job creation during your tenure as governor. As for your private-sector experience, as Governor Perry's strategist recently put it, consisted of being, quote, "a buyout specialist." Your response to that?
 Time, Governor.Let's get a little more specific. Bain Capital, a company you helped to form, among other things, often buys up companies, strips them down, gets them ready, resells them at a net job loss to American workers.
 Time.I mentioned one more reference to being a career politician. Is it a disqualification to be in government all your career?
 Governor Perry, a 30-second rebuttal.You spent your career in that fine profession of elected office. Your reaction to that?
 Well, let's widen this out and let's bring in Mr. Cain on one side --
 Go ahead. I'll give you 30 seconds.
 We could do this all evening.
 Time.Governor Perry?
 Nice to see everybody came prepared for tonight's conversation.[laughter]
 As I said, I'd like to bring in both wings here, figuratively, of course, Senator Santorum and Mr. Cain.Let's talk about this debate between public sector life's work and private sector life's work.You've spent your life's work, Mr. Cain, in the private sector.And Senator Santorum, most of yours in the public sector.Weigh in on what you're hearing (ph).
 Well, 30 seconds more for devil's advocate here, because would you then put it on the drug companies to say, "No, we're bringing this to market, trust us, it's a fantastic drug"? All the pilots in the sky, to add to their responsibilities, their own air traffic control, in an organic way?
 Congressman, thank you.Over to Speaker Gingrich.Mr. Speaker, as you remember, you wrote the foreword to Rick Perry's most recent book called "Fed Up," and you called him, quote, "uniquely qualified to explain what's taking place with the economy." Does that mean, in terms of job creation credentials, he has your proxy at a gathering like this?
 Mr. Speaker, thank you.The questioning -- the questioning continues with John Harris.HARRIS Thank you. Thank you, Brian.It didn't take you folks long to mix it up on the question of jobs. I'd like to turn to another subject that's been dominating this campaign. It's health care. Governor Romney, four years ago on this same stage, you had this to say about your record in Massachusetts.[begin video clip]
 Well, he had a lot more to say than that, didn't he?[laughter]HARRIS I'm sorry. We had a little bit of a glitch right there, but, Governor, you said that what you did in Massachusetts was a great opportunity for the country. I'm going to get to you in just a minute.What I'd first like to do is ask if anyone else on this stage agrees that the Massachusetts example was a great opportunity for the rest of the country.(LOSER) No.(LOSER) No.
 Funny thing about the mail. It kind of tends to live on forever.To all of you, thank you. We're going to hold in place, take a quick break. Our coverage of the debate from the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California, will continue right after this.**********
 And we are back. Our live coverage continues of the GOP debate here tonight, Simi Valley, California, at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, beneath the huge Air Force One Boeing 707.I'm with John Harris of the website Politico, and we would be remiss, of course, any gathering in this space would, without a mention, perhaps a short tribute, to one of the most important people here tonight.[begin video clip]
 (voice-over) The legacy represented here at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library is impressive over 1 million photos, 60 million pages of documents, tens of thousands of audio and videotapes encompassing the life and work of the late president.R. REAGAN Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.
 But even this great place can't evoke the full magnitude and spirit of Ronald Reagan's life like his partner.N. REAGAN I was very blessed to find him.
 Mrs. Reagan has always said her life started when she met Ronald Wilson Reagan. And from that point onward, they tackled everything together.RONALD WILSON REAGAN, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES I, Ronald Reagan, do solemnly swear --
 All along, Mrs. Reagan was his advisor and champion- in-chief. Their love for one another was an enduring image at the White House. That bond would sustain them through the unthinkable.Though forever shaken, the work of the nation went on. Mrs. Reagan decided to dedicate herself to the Just Say No campaign.N. REAGAN If you're ever offered drugs, please, please, just say no.
 It was with great dignity and grace that President Reagan announced in 1994 he'd been diagnosed with Alzheimer's.N. REAGAN Each day brings another reminder of this very long good-bye.
 Since saying farewell to her companion of over 50 years back in 2004, Mrs. Reagan has stayed active in public life, advocating for stem-cell research, and devoting herself to the celebration of her husband's life and his lasting legacy.(END VIDEOTAPE)
 And so, Ladies and Gentlemen, Mrs. Nancy Reagan.**********The questioning continues -- John Harris.HARRIS Governor Perry, you said you wrote the book "Fed Up" to start a conversation. Congratulations. It's certainly done that in recent weeks.In the book, you call Social Security the best example of a program that "violently tossed aside any respect for states' rights." We understand your position that it's got funding problems now. I'd like you to explain your view that Social Security was wrong right from the beginning.
 Speaker Gingrich, 30 seconds. I have another line of questioning. Go ahead.
 Congressman Paul, this same line. You want to demolish the TSA. What would exist in its place?
 I'll give them your best at LAX tonight.
 Well, let me ask you about something else. It's related in a way, has to do with Mother Nature. Before the broadcast, Senator Santorum's got flooding today in Pennsylvania, Governor Perry is just back from the wildfires, out east, a Category 1 laid waste to entire areas. There's standing water tonight in Paterson, New Jersey, many of the towns around where I live, eight days without power. We had people eating in outdoor and public parks because the supermarkets were closed down.The question is, federal aid, something like FEMA, if you object to what its become, how it's run, your position is to -- is to remove it, take it away, abolish it. What happens in its absence?
 Mr. Cain, along these same lines, Majority Leader Eric Cantor has said that federal disaster aid -- this has been a big discussion of late -- shouldn't be given out unless there are kind of concurrent spending cuts to offset the cost. Do you join in on that?
 Governor Huntsman, you know, the upside to this is, I guess, you could fly with your shoes on. The downside is, who does the job the next day?
 Governor Perry, you can't have much of a workforce without a basis of education. As you know, your state ranks among the worst in the country in high school graduation rates, as we established, yet you recently signed a budget cut for millions in education funding. You pushed for greater cuts than were in the budget that the legislature passed. You've said that education is a top priority, but explain cutting it the way you did, please.
 Time, Governor.Speaker Gingrich, this reminds of "Race to the Top," the Obama administration education program. You supported it, Governor Perry opted out, some people don't like it. What did you like about it?
 I want to introduce another line of questioning by introducing yet another colleague of ours, Jose Diaz-Balart, from our sister network Telemundo.Hey, my friend, how are you?DIAZ-BALART Good evening. Nice to see you all. Nice to see you all.I want to talk about a subject that was very dear to the heart of President Reagan, which is immigration reform.As you know, he was the last U.S. President to sign immigration reform in 1986. All of you, I think, have said that you don't think immigration reform should be discussed until the border is secure.And, Governor, I'd like to ask you, border state governor, what specifically, in your mind, would make the border secure?
 To my colleague, Jose Diaz-Balart. Thank you. Thank you very much.HARRIS Thank you.
 This is -- we're going to take our final break now.When we come back, the final portion of our debate from the Reagan Presidential Library, right after this.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 We are back. And as we said, this is the final portion of our debate. The campaigns have told us they wish not to have anything called anything close to a lightning round, but let's just say we'd like the frequency and velocity of the questions to quicken in this segment. We'll try to move it along and fit a lot in.Starting with you, Governor Romney, are you a member of the Tea Party?
 Governor Perry, you missed this at the last debate. At the previous debate, everyone on stage raised their hand to say they would -- I want to get this exactly right -- not have accepted a debt deal that included $10 in spending cuts for every $1 in tax increases. We've been anxious to get you on the record now that you have jumped into this. Would you take that deal?
 Did anyone else who had their hand up at that last debate want to amend your comment or vote since then? Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Huntsman, you've said some interesting things about pledges. Everyone up here has taken a pledge not to raise taxes. Dangerous business to you?
 I want to go back to your comments on 9/11 to ask kind of an obvious follow-up. Do you think we're safer today?
 Time, Governor.Governor Romney, would you agree that there's a crisis of confidence in the United States right now?
 Time, Governor.To John Harris.HARRIS Governor Perry, as we approach the 9/11 anniversary, I'd like to stick with national security for a moment. You recently said, quote, "I do not believe that America should fall subject to a foreign policy of military adventurism." Looking back, do you think President George W. Bush was too quick to launch military intervention without thinking through the risks?
 Senator Santorum, your reaction to Congresswoman Bachmann's stand on what we're watching take place in Libya right up until tonight.
 Senator, time.
 Time.HARRIS Governor Huntsman, I'd like to get to you. I've got a question. Your chief political adviser has been quoted very prominently as describing the Republican Party as "a bunch of cranks," and said your opponents on the stage "make a buffet of crazy and inane comments." I'm sure that's insulting to some of these people up here.We're now here face to face. Tell us which one of these people are saying crazy or inane things.
 Governor, time.Congresswoman Bachmann, a question about energy, back to that subject for a moment. Were you quoted correctly -- and do you stand by it -- as wanting to drill in the Everglades in Florida?
 Congresswoman, time.Speaker Gingrich, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, will come to the end of his term in 2014. Would you reappoint Ben Bernanke?
 Why?
 Mr. Speaker, time. Governor Romney...... you -- you often here this figure, 47 percent of Americans pay no federal income tax, and -- and the promised effort underway soon, at least, in Washington to correct that. Isn't some of this argument semantics? And won't the effort to correct that be a de facto tax increase?WINNER You know, I must admit, I have a bit of a hard time with the idea that there are people who don't feel like they're supporting our troops by contributing tax revenue through -- through the income tax or through other tax vehicles.I don't want to raise taxes on the American people, but I think everybody ought to feel that they're part of this effort and that they're providing for our military, providing for our roads, providing for our schools. That ought to be part of what -- what every American experiences.But right now, the question is not the people at the -- that are not paying taxes at the low end. The question is not the people who are very, very rich. The question is, how about middle-income Americans?Who are the people most hurt by the Obama economy? And the answer is the middle class. The great majority of Americans are having a very, very difficult time. And our effort has to be to find ways to reduce to burden on those people.And that's why I've proposed that anybody who's earning $200,000 a year and less ought to be able to save their money tax-free, no tax on interest, dividends, or capital gains. Let people save their money, invest in America, and not have to give more money to the government. The middle class needs our help.
 Would Ben Bernanke have a job in your administration?
 Governor Perry, a question about Texas. Your state has executed 234 death row inmates, more than any other governor in modern times. Have you...Have you struggled to sleep at night with the idea that any one of those might have been innocent?
 What do you make of...What do you make of that dynamic that just happened here, the mention of the execution of 234 people drew applause?
 Congressman Paul, a long time ago... A long time ago, a fellow Texan of yours, a young student teacher in Cotulla, Texas, was horrified to see young kids coming into the classroom hungry, some of them with distended bellies because of hunger. He made a vow that if he ever had anything to do about it, the government would provide meals, hot meals at best, in schools. The young student teacher, of course, was -- later went on to be President Lyndon Johnson. Do you think that is any more -- providing nutrition at schools for children -- a role of the federal government?
 Congressman, thank you.Somewhat -- somewhat hard to believe. The campaigns have notified us we're actually a few minutes over the time we were allotted for tonight, and so our questioning will have to come to an end, with hearty thanks to so many people, most notably the candidates here on stage, but to the good folks here at the Reagan Library, the Reagan Foundation, notably, Mrs. Reagan.To our partners in all of this, Politico, my partner in the questioning, John here, thank you very much. Terrific.And thank you all for watching. Our coverage will continue. One of the few things you can count on, we'll be back at this. There will be many more of these discussions. That wraps up our live coverage of this portion of the debate from Southern California.
 Ted, thank you and welcome to this special edition of the CNN NEWSROOM. As Ted noted that we're live in Colombia, South Carolina today. Five Republican candidates for president are here on this Labor Day, to appear at a forum hosted by the conservative South Carolina Republican Senator Jim DeMint. He is a Tea Party favorite.This is a state that likes to say Iowa and New Hampshire winnow the Republican presidential field. South Carolina likes its reputation as a state that picks Republican presidential nominees.The five candidates who will appear this afternoon, we will give you a chance to hear them. So as you watch at home, maybe you're a Democrat, maybe you're a Republican, maybe you're not so sure. It's a good opportunity as the campaign heats up for you to hear from these candidates in extended form as they offer a presentation, answer some questions.The Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann of Minnesota is here, the Georgia businessman Herman Cain, the former Speaker of the House also from Georgia Newt Gingrich, the Texas Congressman and libertarian Ron Paul, and the former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney all appearing today at Senator DeMint at this presidential Freedom Forum here in South Carolina.Missing, the Texas governor, Rick Perry. At the last minute he decided to go home because of wildfires affecting his state. We will get straight live to the event in just a moment.First, though, let's get a bit of preview and a sense of how much this matters in a very busy September, this event here today, three presidential debates, including a Tea Party debate presented by CNN on October 12, Tampa, Florida. Yes, Labor Day 2011, but a big impact this month on the presidential race for 2012.Let's talk to Erick Erickson, our contributor. He's the conservative editor of the RedState.com blog. And David Gergen, our senior analyst.David, to you first. Many people at home on this Labor Day might say, I saw the president of the United States, the incumbent Democrat, out in Detroit. Five Republican candidates for president. Is it too early, David Gergen, or especially in this Republican race, are we entering a potentially defining and in some ways selective period where we may lose a candidate or two?DAVID GERGEN, CNN SENIOR POLITICAL ANALYST This is a very, very important debate.It's remarkable that Jim DeMint has pulled this off, that he can be the questioner at a forum. It's the kind of debate in which all the candidates will try to appeal to the Tea Party, because DeMint is so powerful in that movement.But it's the kind of debate that it can also pull the candidates to the right in a way that could help to define them for the general. It's not only important to sorting yourself out here in the primaries, but it could help to define you in the general election. South Carolina has a tendency to do that for Republicans.J.MODERATOR And, Erick Erickson, to that point, you're a friend of Senator DeMint. He's someone who was quite influential in the 2010 midterm elections, raising millions through his conservative PAC to support Tea Party candidates around the country, sometimes to the consternation of the Republican establishment, an important event for him. Does he look to be a kingmaker in Republican presidential politics here?ERICK ERICKSON, CNN CONTRIBUTOR I think he could be. But I'm told that they really, his staff is encouraging him not to pick someone, but to hold them all accountable as best he can. If he can do that, I think that actually increases his influence more.In 2008, he picked Mitt Romney. And it will be interesting to see how he positions himself. I would suspect he is not going to be the kingmaker. I would suspect he's going to be the guy who tries to hold them all accountable for better or worse.J.MODERATOR You're looking at a live picture inside the room. This feed provided by the South Carolina network ETV. That's Congressman Ron Paul as the candidates are introduced shaking hands there with Governor Romney to the right as the candidates come on stage.Let's continue the conversation. And again, we want to give you a chance at home on this Labor Day to hear from the candidates, not 20- second sound bites, but you will hear eight, 10 minutes of remarks and their questioning and answering. Speaker Gingrich coming in here.David Gergen, to your point about will this pull the Republicans to the right, the Iowa caucus is still almost five months away, the New Hampshire primary five months away, the South Carolina primary which the last five in contested Republican races, the last five South Carolina winners have gone on to be the Republican nominee.The president of the United States is vulnerable, clearly, because of the economy. Primaries are about ideology. Will Republicans pick the candidate who is to the right or will they pick the candidate that they think has the best chance to beat Barack Obama?GERGEN They're going to try to find both. That's always the magic formula. I think Erick is absolutely right that he wants to hold the whole party accountable, not just one candidate. That means he wants to bring the whole party around to Tea Party positions. I think the danger here for a Republican is you want to appeal to the Tea Party, but you don't want to say something that's so incendiary that you drive away or alienate independents.J.MODERATOR They just explained to the forum that Governor Rick Perry was supposed to be here. He was here this morning for an event organized by the Republican congressman and another Tea Party candidate, Tim Scott. But then Governor Perry deciding, once he received word from emergency management officials back home in Texas, the wildfires were spreading and he needed to get home.Erick Erickson, to that point, Governor Perry just entered the race a couple of weeks ago. Already he's jumped to a big lead here in South Carolina. Does he have the staying power or as many Republicans from the other campaigns, mind you, they sort of mumble under their breath, well, don't worry, he will fade, he's just the flavor of the month?ERICKSON Well, it depends, and I'm not willing to call him the front-runner just because the polls show him ahead, although there are some signs he may be. Typically the front-runners leads the president and he's starting to do that in some polls.But we have got five debates coming up in September to the beginning of October. He's going to have to have staying power. If he can stay through those debates and stay ahead without losing significant momentum, then I think it's probably his race to lose and he will probably be the nominee. But this month is going to shake out for Rick Perry. Everyone is going to pile on. It will be interesting to see what the candidates today say today, referencing him however cryptically, particularly with him not there.J.MODERATOR And one of the candidates who had momentum and then of late has been overshadowed by Governor Perry is Michele Bachmann, the Republican congresswoman from Minnesota, also a Tea Party favorite. She's up first at this event here in South Carolina today at the moment, her opening remarks discussing the role of the federal government. Let's listen live to Congresswoman Michele Bachmann.[joined in progress] MICHELELOSER (R-MN), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE ... constitution has proved itself the most marvelously elastic compilation of the rules of government ever written.This is a wildly divergent view of the Constitution. One recognizes the privilege of living in a government that shows constraint of political power. The other demonstrates the Constitution as a means to an end, which sees elasticity and twisting and bending to achieve political objectives.This, I believe, will be our choice in 2012. Which view of the Constitution will we prefer? And the beauty of the Constitution is contained in the first principles. And it's plain on its face. It says that we are a United States. We have a federal government with enumerated powers. We have three branches of government. They're distinct, but they're wholly compatible. We also have a Bill of Rights that embodies the core principle of the Declaration of Independence, which is that God has given to every individual inalienable rights and they cannot be denied by any human power. As president of the United States, my first question to any political appointee would be, what do you see as your role under the Constitution?And when I am working with the Congress of the United States, my guiding principle will be that the government works best when it acts within the limitations of the Constitution, but that it fails when it denies that principle and instead makes decisions made on political expediency.You see, I will understand something from day one as president that the current president of the United States has failed to demonstrate an understanding, and it's this. It's that when the people of the United States place this awesome responsibility and privilege to be the president, what they have given is the ability to act under the Constitution and to not to place one's self over the Constitution, that sacred document.Thank you.JIMMODERATOR (R), SOUTH CAROLINA Michael, Michelle, I will start the questioning. Thanks for joining us today. I really appreciate you doing that.Let's continue on what you're talking about, because it's one of the most important subjects to me is that our next president really understand what limited government means. If you are president, what are the things in Washington that you would downsize, eliminate or redirect to the states? So are we doing things at the federal level that we just shouldn't do at all? And what would you recommend that we not do anymore, what programs?
 Thank you.Let's jump subjects. This week, President Obama is going to give another jobs speech.[laughter]
 As CBO has said, we can't score a speech.But jobs are clearly a big issue for our country. The economy seems to be stalled. People are hurting. What would you do? What is your jobs program?
 One of the big economic issues in our -- and political issues in our country relate to unions and union power, government workers. And folks have told me you have had some different opinions on that over the years.As you know, right now, the federal government has a law that, if you're working for a company that's unionized, you have to join a union, unless your state opts out. Fortunately, South Carolina is one of the states that has opted out.What's your position on unionization of government workers and the influence of unions? We saw it with Obamacare. But what is your position on the right to work, a national right-to-work law?
 Thank you, Michele.I'm going to turn you over to your colleague. STEVEMODERATOR (R), IOWA Michele, I -- Ronald Reagan spoke all of his political life so eloquently about the shining city on the hill standing strong and true on a granite ridge. Are we still that city? And, if so, what is the next level of our destiny and how would you take us there?
 Can I follow up?
 Because, as I say, some people believe that a constitutional amendment would be needed to overturn Roe vs. Wade, and short of that, the best we can do is put some limitations around the edges and prohibit federal funding, as we have done in the Hyde amendment.But my question goes to a matter of constitutional principle concerning the respective rules of the government. President Lincoln famously said in his first inaugural address that if we permit the policy of the government on matters that are essential to the whole people to be determined simply by the Supreme Court, we will have abdicated our responsibility, handed over self-government to that eminent tribunal, as Lincoln said.So, given the clear mandate of the 14th Amendment, empowering Congress to enforce the guarantee of equal protection, shouldn't Congress act on that now?
 That's right.
 And if it meant a confrontation with the Supreme Court, are you prepared for that?
 Congresswoman, will the person you choose as your vice presidential running mate share your pro-life convictions and your belief in marriage as the union of husband and wife?
 In Illinois, after passing a civil unions bill, the state government decided to exclude certain religiously affiliated foster care and adoption agencies, including Catholic and Protestant agencies, because the agencies, in line with the teachings of their faith, cannot in conscience place children with same-sex partners.Now, at least half of Illinois' foster and adoption funds come from the federal government. Should the federal government be subsidizing states that discriminate against Catholic and other religious adoption agencies in this way?
 But if a state legislature refuses to make funding available on equal terms to those providers who, as a matter of conscience, will not place children in same-sex homes, should federal legislation come in to protect the freedom of conscience of those religious providers, even if the discrimination comes not from the courts, but from the legislature?
 And if I could explore one more constitutional question with you, Congresswoman, I was interested to see -- and I think I have understood you correctly that you have argued not only that the federal mandate, the individual mandate in Obamacare is unconstitutional, but that even a state individual mandate would be unconstitutional. You have -- if I have understood your position correctly, that's a...
 And do you believe that the national Constitution forbids states from doing that?
 In the national constitution?
 So to say it's inherent sounds like there's not a particular provision you can point to?
 Well, I wanted to know what the provision was.UNIDENTIFIED MALE Thank you very much, Representative Michele Bachmann. Thank you very much.
 And would you be prepared to confront the Supreme Court if it came to that, take your case to the American people?
 Let me ask you a question about religious freedom and the rights of conscience. In the state of Illinois after the legislature passed a civil unions bill which the governor signed into law, the state government decided to exclude religiously affiliated foster care and adoption agencies, including Catholic and Protestant agencies because those agencies in line with the teaching of their faith cannot in conscience place children with same-sex partners.At least half of Illinois foster and adoption funds it turns out come from the federal government. So my question is whether the federal government should be subsidizing states that discriminate against catholic and other religious adoption agencies.
 OK. I'm going to shift now to the question --
 That's Herman Cain, the Georgia businessman. He's a Republican candidate for president, one of five appearing today in the state of South Carolina. We're bringing you live extended coverage of the candidates making their case. If you've been listening to us, a lot of question, a lot of social questions about abortion rights, about whether the federal government should allow tax dollars to go to organizations that refuse to give adoption benefits to gay couples and the like. The questioning continuing here what is called the Palmetto Freedom Forum. A quick break. More of this extended coverage on CNN politics when we continue.
 I'm John King live in Columbia, South Carolina. Let's get back to our coverage. Five Republican presidential candidates appearing today at the palmetto freedom forum in this state, which holds a Republican presidential primary. Up now, the Georgia businessman Herman Cain. After many questions about abortion, Mr. Cain is now answering a question about the economy and the federal debt.
 That's what I'm trying to get to. What do you think about a balanced budget and do we need a constitutional amendment to balance the budget?
 Let's talk about the Federal Reserve. The more I find out, the more worried I am about what they've been doing. We found out when we went through the legislative process for this TARP program which opposed, the Federal Reserve actually matched that and upped it as far as the amount of money they were sending to banks not only in this country but around the world. They've apparently bought nearly 90 percent of their own debt this year and now they're talking about another round of monetizing debt which is called quantitative easing. What would you do with the Federal Reserve, or do you think it's a problem?
 Do you need a gold standard to do that?
 We've got a minute. I don't have time to ask a question, you to answer it. So I'll give you a minute for closing remark, how about that?
 Time's up.
 Thank you very much, Herman Cain.
 The Georgia Businessman Herman Cain finishing up. He's the second of five candidates at the special forum in South Carolina today. Our live coverage will continue in just a moment with the former House speaker Newt Gingrich.
 American exceptionalism a major theme as the former Republican House speaker Newt Gingrich takes his turn at a Republican presidential forum here in Columbia, South Carolina. Let's get back to our extended live coverage.[laughter]S.MODERATOR Just as it happens, Speaker Gingrich, I do have a question that's going to relate to the constitutional powers of the respective levels and branches of government. And the court is very central here. The question also concerns the obligations of human life.But I'll begin with a quotation that you as a historian will find very familiar. It's from President Lincoln's first inaugural address when he was facing the court's unconstitutional decision in Dred Scott versus Sandford, in which the court usurped the authority of the elected representatives of the people on the slavery issue.And Lincoln said, "If the policy of the government upon vitals affecting the whole people is to be irrevocably fixed by decisions of the Supreme Court, the people will have ceased to be their own rulers, having to that extent practically resigned their government into the hands of that eminent tribunal," unquote.Now, many argue today we need a constitutional amendment to overturn Roe versus Wade. However, section five of the 14th Amendment, as you know, expressive authorized the Congress by appropriate legislation to enforce the guarantees of due process and equal protection contained in the amendment's first section.So as someone who believes, as I know you do, in the inherent and equal dignity of all members of the human family, including the child and a woman, would you propose to Congress appropriate legislation pursuant to the 14th Amendment to protect human life in all stations and conditions without waiting for a constitutional amendment?
 What would you do to deal with our debt?
 Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich discussing his views on government regulation and the economy.A quick break, then back to our special live, extended coverage of a Republican presidential forum here on this Labor Day in Columbia, South Carolina.Stay with us.J.MODERATOR A Republican presidential forum here in Columbia, South Carolina.The former House Speaker Newt Gingrich answering a question here about the life-and-death decisions a commander in chief faces.
 Well, let's flip it around then. What should the federal government be doing --
 You mentioned the Federal Reserve. And you and I have worked on the idea of an audit, bringing out a few things that we didn't know. They're apparently printing a lot of money, buying our own debt.What is the solution with the Federal Reserve? Do we need to return to a gold standard? You talk a lot about sound money. Exactly what would you do as president?
 Ron, as you know, the president is going to call us all in this Thursday and give us another speech on creating jobs. What would be your jobs plan?
 Let's take the last minute and just give us your perspective of foreign policy, what needs to be changed.
 Steve King.
 Thank you, Ron.I would like to shift just a little bit and pick up on something I've been anticipating that Jim DeMint would ask, and that would be -- I know you're on the record -- balanced budget amendment. What conditions would you support in a balanced budget amendment?LOSER Well, I don't want any chance that they would raise taxes to balance the budget. And I support the general concept of a balanced budget amendment, but I emphasize the spending side of the equation, you know, that we have to cut the concept of government, the appetite for big government.And again, the balanced budget amendment, we should do it. Jefferson wanted to have it. They rejected him. But if you don't deal with the Fed spending more money than we spend, you know, it doesn't accomplish anything. They spent trillions of dollars more, so we have to deal with that whole concept.S.MODERATOR There's going to be a vote on a balanced budget amendment -- at least we anticipate -- and that balanced budget amendment is not defined in the bill that sets up the super committee. So there is a balanced budget amendment that's on the calendar of the House to require -- that caps it at 18 percent of GDP, requires a supermajority to waive the balance, to raise taxes, or to -- let's see, raise taxes or to waive the balance.Would you support a constitutional amendment that put those conditions in it?
 Congressman Paul, if I can shift to another issue. Poverty is a reality in the United States of America, unfortunately. We're the greatest, wealthiest country in the world. We know past well intentioned efforts, especially at the federal level to fight poverty have not been effective. Often they've done more harm than good.But does that mean there's no role for the national government in fighting poverty? Or do you see some role that the national government would play? If not, should this be a state issue? Or is this an issue simply for private charity?
 Is time up? I'm very sorry. Thank you very much.
 The former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney answering a question about his views on abortion rights and where the power of the federal government lies to regulate abortion rights. One more quick break then back to our live coverage of the Republican Presidential Forum here in South Carolina.
 Let's get right back to our special live coverage of the Republican Presidential Forum here in Columbia, South Carolina. The former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney taking questions.
 Mitt, thanks for being here. Let's start talking about unions. For me it's becoming one of the biggest issues that we're dealing with on the federal level because there's such an insidious relationship between unions and the Democrat Party.The president and the Democrats are trying to expand government unions at the state and the federal level because of the political support that comes back and we seeing the difficulty at the state level to make the reforms and cut back because of the resistance of government unions.Where are you on unions? And I'll put it in this context, there's a federal law right now that requires an American to join a union if their work place is unionized. It's only if your state opts out of that law that your people are free not to join a union.And there are 22 states that have opted out, but there's still a federal law that requires Americans to join unions and we have legislation at the federal level to repeal that with a federal right to work law.I understand that you've said that's a state issue and the federal government shouldn't be involved. But the federal government is involved because they have the law that requires that.Where are you on the federal right to work? And what is your opinion about government unions at the federal and state level?
 OK.
 Thank you. I'm going to switch subjects on you real quickly. What would you change about our foreign policy?
 I don't want to cut you short. We have about a minute and 15 seconds. Want to give you a chance to talk about health care. As you know, if you're our nominee, the president is going to say that you implemented Obamacare in Massachusetts.How would you describe what Massachusetts did, the mandate to buy insurance at the state or the federal level? And you've got about a minute and I'll let you finish up in any way you like.UNIDENTIFIED MALE Actually about 20 second.
 My timer has 55 seconds.
 Thank you, sir.
 Welcome to Ames, Iowa, on the campus of Iowa State University and the Republican presidential debate.Our event is being sponsored by Fox News and the Washington Examiner, in conjunction  in conjunction with the Iowa Republican Party. We're being seen, obviously, on Fox News Channel, being streamed on foxnews.com. You can log on and check out how you can react to our debate. We're also being heard on Fox News Radio.And these folks in the stadium  in the studio are just fired up, as you can hear.Okay ... now let's meet the candidates former Senator Rick Santorum; businessman Herman Cain; Congressman Ron Paul; former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney; Congresswoman Michele Bachmann; former Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty; former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman; and former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.Joining me at the desk tonight, my Fox News colleague and anchor of "Fox News Sunday," Chris Wallace. And from the Washington Examiner, Byron York and Susan Ferrechio.We're gathered tonight at a very unsettling moment for Americans. We've watched the stock market on a wild rollercoaster ride this week, as people are anxiously tracking their balances and their retirement accounts and college funds. About 14 million people don't have a job tonight, and millions more have given up looking or have taken part-time work to try to scrape by. The nation's credit rating was downgraded for the first time in history, as we try to get a handle on the country's skyrocketing debt. And just last weekend in Afghanistan, more American lives were lost than on any other day in this decade-long conflict.So tonight, we are respectfully asking you, the candidates, to try to put aside the talking points, to try to put aside the polished lines that get applause on the campaign trail here in Iowa and around the country, and to level with the American people, to speak from the heart about how you would navigate this country through the challenges America faces.So let's begin. Congresswoman Bachmann, you say you can turn the economy around within one quarter by cutting taxes, reducing spending, and repealing the health care law. In fact, this week you said, quote, "It isn't that difficult," and, quote, "Solutions aren't that tough to figure out."Isn't it unrealistic to suggest that something as massive and complex as the U.S. economy can rebound in just three months?
 Governor Romney, Congresswoman Bachmann says she can start to turn the economy around in three months. How long would it take you?
 You  Governor Romney, you mentioned leadership on the economy. You are the front-runner in this GOP field, yet when it came to weighing in on the debt ceiling deal in Congress, something that had a major impact on the economy, many on this stage say you were missing in action. Some columnists even said you were in the "Mittness Protection Program." Then just hours before the House voted, you released a statement saying you could not support the bill. Is that leadership?
 Just so everyone knows, when candidates go over the allotted time, they've agreed to this system. That's what you hear, the bell. And we'll try to not ring the bell that much. It's not the doorbell.So to be clear  and just to be clear here  you echoed Congresswoman Bachmann and Congressman Paul in being against that final compromise deal. So to phrase it another way, if you were president, you would have vetoed that bill?
 I know, but that bill was the deal on the table, Governor.
 OK. Congressman Paul, as you know, when Standard & Poor's downgraded the country's credit rating last week, one of the reasons S&P listed was because of partisan gridlock in Washington. Congressman, what specific things would you do as president to increase growth, calm the markets, create jobs that could pass through a divided Congress?
 And you can get it through a divided Congress?
 Mr. Cain  Mr. Cain, we  we know you have a four-point economic plan. But one specific thing, what one specific thing would President Cain do first to restart the economic engine? And, again, with the caveat That one thing would have to get through a divided Congress.
 Governor Huntsman, you told the "New Hampshire Union Leader" recently you intend to convene a "council of business leaders" to figure without is needed to improve our economy.Governor, you have essentially been running for president for three months now. We checked your Web site. We were unable to find a detailed plan.In the middle of an economic crisis, shouldn't you already have a pretty detailed plan by now?
 Speaker Gingrich, some people on this stage have run big companies, some have turned around companies, some managed payrolls. What makes you more qualified than anyone else on this stage to create jobs and grow the economy?
 Governor Pawlenty, you say your economic plan with tax cuts and spending caps would grow the economy by an average rate of five percent a year for 10 years, a rate that have never been achieved in 10 years in a row.With the last two quarters averaging less than one percent growth  and even some Republican budget analysts, very skeptical, openly skeptical of that plan  is your proposal just pie in the sky?
 What do you think of that?
 Oh.[Laughter]
 Governor any response?
 OK. Senator Santorum, nothing about your lawn, but Governor Pawlenty says America can quickly grow five percent a year for 10 years, with the right mix of policies.Is he right?
 Turning the economy around is the topic we've received the most e-mails, the most Facebook messages, the most tweets about. Of course, it's topping all of the polls. So finding specific solutions to the country's economic ills will be a recurring theme throughout the debate tonight.Now to my colleague Chris Wallace with the next round of questions.
 Thank you, Bret. Good evening candidates.Governor Pawlenty and Congresswoman Bachmann, as you both know there's an expression Minnesota nice. And some people believe that both of you have tested it in recent weeks.Governor Pawlenty, you say that Representative Bachmann has no accomplishments in congress. You have questioned her ability to serve as president because of her history of migraines. Question governor, is she unqualified or is she just beating you in the polls?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, I'm going to ask you in a moment your own question about Governor Pawlenty. But I want to give you an opportunity to respond to his comments. You have 30 seconds. One, that you have no record of accomplishments in congress, and two that there's something missing in your resume because you do not have executive experience.
 I just wanted to pick up, and in fact you anticipated the question I was going to ask you. And then I'm going to give you a chance to respond, governor.Congresswoman Bachmann, isn't that about the worst thing you can say about a fellow Republican in this campaign, that he reminds you of Barack Obama?
 And I'm sure you have been waiting for the opportunity. Governor Pawlenty, 30 seconds to respond.
 I...[Murmurs from audience]
 Wait, wait, wait, wait.[Murmurs from audience]
 Congresswoman Bachmann, 30 seconds to response.
 OK, let's  let's move to our panelists, if we could, so we can get more questions in.Thank you.
 I  I see six other candidates there. I'm going to go to Governor Romney.You're campaigning as the man who can fix the economy. Let's look at your record, sir.As head of Bain Capital, you acquired American Pad & Paper. Two U.S. plants were closed and 385 jobs were cut. Later, you bought Dade International. Almost 2,000 workers were laid off or relocated. And when you were governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th of the 50 states in job growth.Question, you are going to be the jobs president?
 Chris will continue his round of questions on this round.And coming up, the issue of illegal immigration, the battle over health care.Please go to FoxNews.com/politics to check out the live blogging on tonight's debate.We'll be right back from Ames, Iowa after a short break.
 Welcome back to the Stephens Auditorium on the campus of Iowa State University and the first Republican debate in the Hawkeye State. Now back to another fiery round of questions from Chris Wallace.
 Thank you.Speaker Gingrich, one of the ways that we judge a candidate is the campaign they run. In June, almost your entire national campaign staff resigned, along with your staff here in Iowa. They said that you were undisciplined in campaigning and fundraising, and at last report, you're a million dollars in debt. How do you respond to people who say that your campaign has been a mess so far?
 Speaker Gingrich, if you think questions about your records are Mickey Mouse, I'm sorry. I think those are questions that a lot of people want to hear answers to, and you're responsible for your record, sir.[Booing]
 Pardon?
 Governor Huntsman  Governor Huntsman, at the risk of raising Speaker Gingrich's ire, I'm going to ask you about your record, sir. You supported a stimulus package in 2009. In fact, you said the Obama stimulus package was not big enough. As governor, you signed onto a regional cap-and-trade market. You endorsed civil unions for same-sex couples. And you served as President Obama's ambassador to China. Some people have suggested that maybe you're running for president in the wrong party.
 Mr. Cain...Mr. Cain, you have a compelling personal story and a strong record as a businessman, but you also have a growing list of questionable statements in this campaign, and I want to ask you about those, if I may, sir.You said that communities have the right to ban Muslims from building mosques, before you later apologized. You have stated that you do not have a firm plan yet as to what you would do in Afghanistan until you talk to the generals. You at one point in the campaign didn't know about the so-called Palestinian right of return during a big debate about the Mideast peace issues.How do you reassure people that you know enough to be president of the United States, sir?
 You're going to get asked about Afghanistan, sir.Bret?
 Now we turn to Susan Ferrechio with the Washington Examiner. She has the next round of questions for the candidates. The topic illegal immigration. Susan?
 OK, we'll start with Governor Huntsman. You said that we need to bill a fence to secure our borders, but then we need to deal with the millions of illegal immigrants already here in the country. You said, quote, "There's got to be an alternative to sending them back. That's unrealistic."Governor Huntsman, are you proposing citizenship for illegal aliens?
 OK.Governor Romney, turning to you, in 2008, you said you favored allowing American companies to hire more skilled foreign workers. With the unemployment rate now at 9.1 percent, do you still think that employers need to import more foreign labor?
 OK.Turning to you now, Mr. Cain.When President Obama joked about protecting the borders with alligators and a moat, not only did you embrace the idea, you upped the ante with "a 20-foot barbed wire electrified fence."Were you serious?
 All right. Thank you.Speaker Gingrich, you recently told Univision that you're looking at the idea of having citizen boards choose which illegal immigrants can stay in the country and which would have to go. Who decides the memberships of these boards, and how would they work?
 OK.Congressman Paul, you are opposed to a system that requires employers to verify the immigration status of their workers. Why would you want to eliminate one more tool to help curb illegal immigration?
 As I said, we'll be returning to topic number one, the economy, throughout the debate.Byron York has the next round of questions.
 Thank you, Bret.We're going to start with Governor Romney.Governor, in 2005, when you were the governor of Massachusetts, you successfully appealed to Standard & Poor's to upgrade your state's credit rating. You said you used a combination of spending cuts and new revenues to put Massachusetts on a more sound financial footing. You even approvingly cited a tax increase passed by the Democratic state legislature.Doesn't this show that sometimes raising taxes is necessary?
 We're going to go to Governor Pawlenty next. Governor you say you balanced every budget without tax increases as governor of Minnesota, but in 2005 you levied a new tax on cigarettes, which you called a health impact fee. You said you had to compromise with a Democratic legislature to to end government shutdown.But doesn't that show that when leaders are faced with big deficits, they sometimes have to raise taxes?
 Thank you, governor. Next we're going to go to Representative Bachmann. This is a question also about that cigarette tax increase. You were in the Minnesota state legislature at the time. And you said you opposed the tax, but in the end, you voted for it. Now you promise never to raise taxes. Why would you compromise then, but not now?
 Governor Pawlenty, do you have a response  30 seconds  to that?
 All right. Thank you. We're going to go to Senator Santorum.OK, yes you can.
 Governor we're going to come back around.
 OK. We have other people here.
 I understand.I understand. You have the next question. [speaking to Santorum] You have the next question, senator. I promise.(LOSER) Congresswoman Bachmann, 15 seconds, OK?
 OK, we'll come back around later.Byron?
 All right, next we're going to Senator Santorum...(LOSER) yes, we are.
 Well, Senator, here you are.The deficit cutting super committee is now getting to work. Democrats will demand that savings come from a combination of spending cuts and tax increases, maybe $3 in cuts for every $1 in higher taxes.Is there any ratio of cuts to taxes that you would accept?Three to one?Four to one?Or even 10 to one?
 But just confirming, Senator, you would not negotiate on raising taxes?
 Well, I'm going to ask a question to everyone here on the stage. Say you had a deal, a real spending cuts deal, 10 to one, as  as Byron said, spending cuts to tax increases.Speaker, you're already shocking your head.But who on this stage would walk away from that deal?Can you raise your hand if you feel so strongly about not raising taxes, you'd walk away on the 10 to one deal?
 Mr. Speaker, why are you shaking your head?
 Is that not an important question?
 OK. Just making sure everyone at home and everyone here knows that they all raised their hands. They're all saying that they feel so strongly about not raising taxes that a 10 to one deal, they would walk away from. Confirming that.Now to Chris Wallace with a round of questions on health care.
 Governor Pawlenty, you admit that you muffed a question in the last debate about Governor Romney's health care plan, so I'm going to give you another chance.You've said that the president's plan and the Romney plan are so similar that you called them both ObamneyCare. And you also said this "I don't think you can prosecute the political case against President Obama if you are a co-conspirator."Could you please tell Governor Romney, who's two down from you, what he and President Obama have conspired to do?
 Governor Romney, I'm going to ask you a question about health care, but I'd like to give you 30 seconds to respond to the criticism of other parts of your record.
 But, Governor  and this is  this is your one-minute question. Do you think that government at any level has the right to make someone buy a good or service just because they are a U.S. resident? Where do you find that authority, that mandating authority, government making an individual buy a good or service in the Constitution?
 No, I'm asking you...
 But, sir, I'm asking you where you find that authority in the Constitution.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you are a big believer in the 10th Amendment and the idea of granting power to the states. So let me ask you Does that make any difference whether mandatory health insurance is being imposed by a state or by the federal government?
 Congressman Paul, you are a constitutional expert, and you talk a lot about the Constitution. What do you think of this argument, that the state has a constitutional right to make someone buy a good or service just because they're a resident, not because they're driving and need a driver's license, but just the fact that they are a resident?
 Senator Santorum  Senator Santorum, I see you wanting to jump in. Your thoughts about Romneycare?
 When we come back  we're going to take a short break  we're going to talk about a couple of people who are not here tonight, also, national security, foreign policy, the war on terror, and a bit later, social issues, fired-up crowd here. Check out foxnews.com and vote in our online poll. We'll be right back after this break.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back to the Stephens Auditorium on the campus of Iowa State University.Our next round is a lightning round, really quick, before we get into foreign policy and national security.Are we actually missing a candidate on the stage? We are.(LOSER) She'll be right back.
 She'll be right back, Congresswoman Bachmann. There she is. That's OK.OK. There we go.Texas Governor Rick Perry obviously is not here tonight. He's giving a speech on Saturday in South Carolina. We're told he's getting into this race, but he's not answering questions tonight. He's not taking part in the straw poll on Saturday.So, is he outsmarting you  30 seconds  Congressman Paul?
 Are you worried about this strategy?
 OK.Mr. Cain, what about Texas Governor Perry?
 Governor Huntsman, your thoughts?
 Former governor Sarah Palin is here in Iowa this week as well. She's not in this race yet either.Congresswoman Bachmann, is she stealing your thunder?
 I think I'll be out of this one.[Laughter]
 Speaker Gingrich, any thoughts on either of those?
 I'll split this next round with Chris Wallace. The topic, foreign policy and national security.Governor Pawlenty, another five U.S. soldiers were killed today in Afghanistan after the single biggest loss, that helicopter crash over the weekend, last weekend. Almost 10 years after 9/11, after the killing of Osama bin Laden, with casualties mounting there, costs adding up, many people calling the government there corrupt, is it still worth it?
 So it is still worth it?
 Governor Romney in June 2009 you argued that America's willingness to fight wars of liberation, quote, "nurture democracy and human rights all over the world," was what made America, quote, "the hope of the earth." Basically a full embrace of George W. Bush's freedom agenda.Yet last debate about Afghanistan you said this, quote, "we've learned that our troops shouldn't go off and try to fight a war of independence for another nation."Those two statements are dramatically different. Have your views changed?
 Speaker Gingrich, as President Obama was deciding what to do in Libya, you were asked what you would do. You said, quote, "exercise a no-fly zone this evening, communicate to the Libyan military that Gadhafi was gone, and that sooner they switched sides the more likely they were to survive."After the president launched military action a few days later you said, quote, "I would not have intervened. I think there were other ways to affect Gadhafi."Are you certain about the way forward in Libya and where it stands now?
 No, it is not.
 But Mr. Speaker, you said these two things.
 Mr. Speaker the question was are you now certain the way forward in Libya?
 You're allowed to.
 Governor Huntsman, you were former ambassador to China for the Obama administration. Last week a top cyber security firm detailed new instances of cyber espionage, hacking into U.S. computers. Experts said, qoute, all signs point to China. Would you as president consider cyber attacks acts of war?
 I'll turn to my colleague, Chris Wallace.
 Governor Pawlenty, you say we have to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons. You also recently said that Syrian President Assad must go. Would you rely on the same idea of international sanctions that President Obama has been using? Or would you be more forward-leaning in possibly using military action?
 Congressman Paul  Congressman Paul, you say that President Obama is not too soft on Iran, you say that he is too tough on Iran. I want to put up some of your statements. "Sanctions are not diplomacy," you say. "They are a precursor to war and an embarrassment to a country that pays lip service to free trade." As for Iran's nuclear ambitions, you wrote this "One can understand why they might want to become nuclear capable, if only to defend themselves and to be treated more respectfully."Is that your policy towards Iran?
 Congressman Paul  Congressman Paul, I want to just give you 15 seconds. I want to just make sure I understand. So your policy towards Iran is, if they want to develop a nuclear weapon, that's their right, no sanctions, no effort to stop them?
 Mr. Cain...
 Senator Santorum, I got a question for you...
 Quiet, please.
 Thirty seconds...
 No. There are rules here, sir.
 You have a question  you have a question coming.Congressman Paul?
 Mr. Cain  Mr. Cain, you told Bill O'Reilly in June  and I want to put it up  the way you stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon is for us to get serious about real energy independent  a real energy-independent strategy. Do you really think that more domestic oil production in this country is going to convince the mullahs in Tehran not to pursue a nuclear weapon?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, I want to switch to another angle of the war on terror, though if you want to weigh in on Iran, feel free. We  you say that we don't win the war on terror by closing Guantanamo and reading Miranda rights to terrorists. Congressman Paul says terrorism suspects  suspects have committed a crime and are due  should be given due process in civilian courts. Could you please tell Congressman Paul why he's wrong?
 Thirty seconds, Congressman Paul.
 Senator Santorum  Senator Santorum, I want to pick up on this debate. You say Attorney General Holder must be under the influence. And, in fact, you've suggested, perhaps, smoking mushrooms to want to try terrorists in civilian court.Are you also suggesting that Congressman Paul is under the influence?
 Conger  Congressman Paul, 30 seconds.
 OK...
 When we come back...[Booing]
  when we come back, we'll try to get a hold of things  social issues. That should be fun. And the most prescient  pressing issues right now, getting America back to work, after this break.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back to Ames, Iowa, and the first Republican presidential debate in the Hawkeye State. A fiery debate, at that.Now to Byron York from "The Washington Examiner."
 Thank you, Bret.We're going to talk about social issues now. We're going to start with Speaker Gingrich.Speaker Gingrich, you've said you would impose a loyalty test for Muslims to serve in your administration. You said, "We did this in dealing with the Nazis, and we did this in dealing with the communists."Are you really comparing American Muslims to Nazis? And what specific loyalty test would you require them to take?
 All right. Thank you, Speaker Gingrich.Next, we're going to go to Mr. Cain.Mr. Cain, you recently said this about Governor Romney's Mormon faith "It doesn't bother me, but I do know it's an issue with a lot of Southerners."Could you tell us what it is about Mormonism that Southerners find objectionable?
 Mr. Cain, if I could ask one follow-up, you have already apologized for remarks you made about Islam. Is your focus on other people's religions hurting your campaign?
 All right. Thank you, Mr. Cain.Next, we're going to go to Representative Bachmann.In 2006, when you were running for Congress, you described a moment in your life when your husband said you should study for a degree in tax law. You said you hated the idea. And then you explained, "But the Lord said, Be submissive. Wives, you are to be submissive to your husbands.'"As president, would you be submissive to your husband?
 You're welcome.
 Thank you Ms. Bachmann.Now we're going to ask a few questions about gay marriage starting with Governor Romney. When the Massachusetts supreme court legalized gay marriage in 2003, you accused the justices of assuming for themselves the powers that should belong to the state legislature.Now that the New York state legislature has legalized gay marriage, do you believe state lawmakers have the right to make same-sex marriage legal in their states?
 All right. Thank you, governor.Next we'll go to Governor Huntsman.Recently, a Des Moines Register poll found that 58 percent of likely caucus goers, Republican caucus goers here in Iowa, consider support of civilian unions a deal killer for a candidate. You support civil unions. Why are you right and most other candidates along with most GOP caucus goers, why are they wrong?
 So, the question was, why are they wrong?
 All right. Thank you. Governor.Next question is for Representative Paul. You've often said you believe defining marriage is a job that should be left to the states. Recently Senator Santorum asked if a state wanted to allow polygamy, would that be okay too? What is your answer to that?
 All right.Senator Santorum? You're looking incredulous. Response?
 Congresswoman Bachmann, quickly?
 All right, our next question  thank you, Representative Bachmann  our next question is for Senator Santorum. In June, you said, quote, "I believe that any doctor who performs an abortion should be criminally charged for doing so." You would allow no exceptions for cases of rape and incest. Polls have long shown that large majorities of Americans support at least some exceptions for abortion. Are your views too much, even for many conservatives to support?
 Thank you, Senator.Our next question is to Governor Pawlenty. Governor Pawlenty, you often cite an article in National Review saying you may be the strongest pro-life candidate in the race. What's your opinion on what Senator Santorum said about exceptions? And isn't he more pro-life than you are?
 One brief follow-up. Do you support criminal charges for doctors who perform abortions?
 As promised, back now to the economy. Susan Ferrechio with another round of questions. Susan?
 Turning to you, Governor Romney, you've suggested replacing government jobless benefits with individual unemployment savings accounts. Jobless benefits for millions of Americans are about to expire in just a few months. If you were president right now, would you extend them?
 Just a quick follow. So would you sign a bill to extend unemployment insurance if you were president right now?
 Thank you.Governor Huntsman, you've touted your job-creating abilities as Utah's chief executive, but let's talk about your time in the private sector. You said that you helped create thousands of jobs as vice chairman of the board of the Huntsman Corporation. But of the 12,000 workers employed by the company, almost 10,000 were hired in China and India and other places outside the U.S.Isn't it accurate to say that, as far as your time in the private sector, you've got more experience creating jobs overseas?
 Thank you.Congresswoman Bachmann, turning to you, you voted against the debt ceiling increase deal and you voted against the Republicans' "cut, cap and balance" bill. You insisted the country was not at risk of default. If you had your way, the debt ceiling would not have been raised. What do you say to analysts who insist that Americans' investments, their 401(k)s, their college funds would have been far worse off today?
 So, I'm sorry, the  what do you say to the analysts who say that the markets would have fallen through the basement?
 Mr. Cain, do you agree with that?
 Mr. Cain, I've got another question for you. You  you say that we can boost job creation by eliminating the tax on companies that bring back overseas profits to the U.S. But when we tried a tax break like this in 2004, companies didn't create jobs. They just paid bigger dividends to their shareholders. Why would it work this time?
 When we come back, some closing remarks from the candidates, and maybe a wild card or two. We'll see. Stay tuned.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back to the campus of Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa. Very quickly, during the commercial break, realized I needed to give Congresswoman Bachmann 15 seconds to respond, since you were mentioned there. Congresswoman?
 Governor Huntsman, this week, the Obama administration announced that they would grant waivers to some failing public school systems that couldn't meet the standard of the No Child Left Behind program. If you were president, would you return to full enforcement of this Bush-era law?
 Mr. Cain, let me just ask you the education question. If you were president, would you return to the full enforcement of the No Child Left Behind law?
 Thank you Mr. Cain. And your answer had some special lighting there. Sorry about that. We had some special lighting in that part.Time for now some closing comments. Each candidate has 30 seconds to close. Let's begin with Senator Santorum.
 Mr. Cain?
 Congressman Paul?
 Governor Romney?
 Congresswoman Bachmann?
 Governor Pawlenty?
 Governor Huntsman?
 Speaker Gingrich?
 Thank you all. Thank you all.That is it tonight. Please go to foxnews.com, cast your vote on this debate. Our thanks to the candidates.
 Thank you. And thank you to their staffs and to our debate partners, of course, Washington Examiner, the Iowa Republican Party, and to all of the great people here at the Stephens Auditorium  even him  on the campus of Iowa State University, and of course, to the wonderful people here in Iowa. They could not have been more hospitable.You know, there's a big straw poll here Saturday. Stay tuned to Fox News Channel, America's election headquarters, all the way through to the general election and the inauguration. All the candidates, please note Our next debate is September 22nd in Orlando, Florida. We will see you there.Thanks for watching tonight. Good night.
 Welcome to Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire, and the first Republican presidential debate in this first-in-the-nation primary state. Behind me on this stage, the Republican candidates for president appearing together on the same stage for the first time tonight.And tonight's debate will be different than any presidential debate you've ever seen. Over the course of the next two hours, in addition to questions from myself and journalists from our partners, WMUR and the New Hampshire Union Leader, the candidates will take questions directly from voters right here in Manchester, as well as from voters at town meetings taking place tonight all across New Hampshire.So let's get right to it and meet the candidates. Now, we've asked for no opening statements. However, we will continue a tradition from our past New Hampshire debates, to ask each candidate in one short sentence -- hopefully, five, maybe six or seven seconds -- to introduce themselves to the voters of New Hampshire and the United States of America.Let me begin with an example. I'm John King with CNN. I am honored to be your moderator tonight, and I am thrilled to be back in Red Sox nation.Now, let's start at the edge of the stage with Senator Rick Santorum.
 Congresswoman?
 Mr. Speaker?
 Governor?
 Governor?
 Mr. Cain?
 All right.Our thanks to the candidates. You'll get to know them better as the night goes on. Our rules are pretty straightforward. Each candidate will be given one minute to answer our leadoff questions. At my discretion, I may ask other candidates to weigh in on each topic. Now, candidates would get about 30 seconds to answer those follow-up questions. I say about 30 seconds, because we're on the honor system tonight, no bells, no whistles. You won't see any flashing lights up here.If they're running over time, I'll try to gently remind them it's time to move on. And we're hoping some of the answers will be as short -- maybe a sentence, maybe even just one word. We can hope, right?We've also asked the candidates to answer the questions that they're asked, rather than the question they might have wished to be asked.That's enough -- uh-huh -- that's enough for me tonight. Let's get straight to the people of New Hampshire. Now, our first question comes from a voter up in Plymouth. Also there is the New Hampshire Union Leader's Tom Fahey. Tom?JOHN FAHEY, NEWMODERATORPSHIRE UNION LEADER Thank you, John.I'm here with Mr. Marquez-Sterling. He is a retired professor from Plymouth State University, and he's got a question about jobs.Q Yes. Mr. Gingrich said that 14 million people are unemployed. My question is this. The Democrats say that the Republicans don't have any plans to create jobs, and jobs -- and jobs in the private sector, not in the government jobs. I'd like to know, what are those plans?
 Mr. Cain, let me start with you tonight. And be as specific as you can. I hope I don't have to repeat this throughout the night. How would you -- what would you do as president of the United States to create jobs?
 All right, let me come down to this. And, Senator Santorum, you mentioned -- you said you have executive experience, as well as your Senate experience. Governor Pawlenty laid out an economic plan. A lot of tax cuts in that plan. Some economists said he had some unrealistic expectations, and he said you could grow the economy 5 percent a year, then 5 percent a year, then 5 percent a year. Do you believe that is a possible? Or is that too optimistic to the American people, who want help but don't want to be misled?
 OK, I'm going to try to ask all of you to keep the follow- ups to 30 seconds as we -- so we can get more in.Governor Pawlenty, answer the critics -- and as you do so -- who say 5 percent every year is just unrealistic. And as you do so, where's the proof -- where's the proof that just cutting taxes will create jobs? If that were true, why during the Bush years, after the big tax cut, where were the jobs?
 I don't want to do much of this, but I'm going to have to interrupt if people go a little bit long so we can get more done.Governor Romney, I want you to come in on that point. Is 5 percent overly optimistic? And is it fair to compare the United States' economy, a fully developed economy, to the Chinese economy, which is still in many ways developing?
 All right.
 We'll have a lot of time on the topic. We just -- we won't get through this...
 Mr. Speaker, if you look at a poll in the Boston Globe just the other day, 54 percent of Republican voters in this state say they're willing to have higher taxes on the wealthy to help bring down the deficit. Are they wrong?
 The speaker just said, Congresswoman, repeal Dodd-Frank. Answer the American out there who says maybe I don't like all of the details, but after what happened in 2007 and 2008, I don't want Wall Street to not have somebody looking at them, watching what they're doing.LOSER Well, I'm looking forward to answering that question, because I introduced the repeal bill to repeal Dodd-Frank, because it's an over-the-top bill that will actually lead to more job loss, rather than job creation.But before I fully answer that, I just want to make an announcement here for you, John, on CNN tonight. I filed today my paperwork to seek the office of the presidency of the United States today. And I'll very soon be making my formal announcement.So I wanted you to be the first to know.
 I appreciate that. Well, welcome. If you're out there and you don't get the distinction coming into the night, Congresswoman Bachmann was exploring. She hadn't taken that last step. The other candidates had taken it. I'm sure they welcome you to the fray.Let's continue the conversation. I want to come to Congressman Paul. You're all here saying the president of the United States is making the economy worse. Has he done one thing -- has he done one thing right when it comes to the economy in this country?
 All right, I'm going to jump -- I'm going to jump in here. I'm going to ask one more time politely. We want to get as many voters as we can involved, so please try to shorten the follow-up answers just a bit if you can. Let's go back to Tom in Plymouth. He has another voter with a question.FAHEY Yes, thank you, John. I'm here with Sylvia Smith. She's from Littleton. And she is a freelance journalist who's written about the health care industry. She has a question about health care.Q Yes. As a journalist who's written frequently about health care and medicine for both newspapers and for corporate publications, I'm very concerned about the overreach of the massive health care legislation that was passed last year. My question is, what would each candidate do? What three steps would they take to de- fund Obamacare and repeal it as soon as possible? Thank you.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, let's start with you on that.
 Governor Romney, just yesterday, Governor Pawlenty, who is to your left on the stage tonight, called your Massachusetts plan, which you know has become a focal point of the criticism in this campaign from your friends here, Obamneycare, Obamneycare. Is that a fair comparison?
 Governor, you just heard the governor rebut your characterization, Obamneycare. Why?
 The question -- the question, Governor, was, why Obamneycare?
 You have 30 seconds, Governor.
 And you don't want to address why you called Governor Romney's Obamneycare?
 But you chose -- you say you were asked a question, which is fair enough, but you chose those words. And so one of my questions is, why would you chose those -- choose those words maybe in the comfort of a Sunday show studio? Your rival is standing right there. If it was Obamneycare on "Fox News Sunday," why isn't it not Obamneycare standing here with the governor right there?
 All right.Governor, you want to respond to that at all?
 OK. Mr. Speaker...[Crosstalk]
 ... you have a -- I'll let you -- Mr. Speaker, you have at times said, you know, maybe you do have a consider a mandate. You've been very open to the individual mandate. It has become, it seems, at least at the moment, a litmus test in this Republican primary. Should it be?
 All right. We'll have more time to discuss the health care issue. Let's get down to the floor.Jennifer Vaughn from WMUR has a question from a voter.VAUGHN Hi, John. Thank you very much. I'd like you to meet Terry Pfaff tonight. Tell me I said that last name correctly, Terry. Granite Stater born and bred?TERRY PFAFF, FORMER NEWMODERATORPSHIRE STATE SENATE CANDIDATE Yes, ma'am.VAUGHN Thank you for being here. And what's your question for the candidates tonight?PFAFF Well, my question is that I am a New Hampshire native and I've been an active Republican for years from a town committee chairman, Republican chairman, Merrimack County, vice chairman, all the way up to 2004 delegate for President Bush.My question is, how will you convince myself? I'm not a libertarian Republican, I'm not a Tea Party Republican. I'm just a mainstream Republican. And we need both -- the independents and mainstream Republicans to win in November.How can you convince me and assure me that you'll bring a balance and you won't be torn to one side or the other for many factions within the party? You have to have a balanced approach to governing to solve our serious problems.
 Senator Santorum, let me go to you first on that one.
 Can I ask you quickly now? That wasn't -- addressed part of the question. But are you concerned at all about the influence of the Tea Party?
 I know you agree, Congresswoman. So help the gentleman. Address his concerns that the Tea Party somehow -- the influence of the Tea Party somehow pushes him out?
 I'm being polite so far. But I want to remind everybody about the time.Mr. Cain, as somebody who has no elective no experience.
 To this gentleman's question. If you were to become the nominee of this party.
 And you associate yourself with the Tea Party, politics is about math. It's about coalition building. And a candidate who loses a mainstream Republican as he describes himself might not win this state in November. Might not win a big state like Senator Santorum's Pennsylvania in November.Address the concern of the gentleman who seems to think that at least some people in the Tea Party maybe in their dissatisfaction, their anger of the president are too negative, too critical.
 I want to remind the candidates, though, this as I remind people in the audience. CNN is hosting a Tea Party debate September 12th. So watch how this plays out. The Tea Party was a vocal in 2010. We'll see how much the influence is in 2012.Let's continue our conversation here with the voters of New Hampshire.Jean Mackin of WMUR is in Hancock with a voter and a question -- Jean.JEANMODERATOR, WMUR Thanks very much, John. And welcome to the Hancock Inn. I'm standing here with Mike Patinsky. He is a small business owner from Harris Field, New Hampshire.And Mike, what question do you have tonight?MIKE PATINSKY, DIRECTOR OF TRANSPORTATION, FRANKLIN PIERCE COLLEGE Well, for the candidates I'd like to know how they plan on returning manufacturing jobs to the United States.
 Congressman Paul, why don't you start with that one?
 How about to help workers, Congressman, get ready for the new jobs in manufacturing? Should the United States government, the federal government we say help in community colleges with their vocational training programs and things like that?
 OK. OK. I'll get to you in one second. I just want to show people. We're asking people watching at home also to tell us on Facebook, in Twitter what concerns them.If you watch up here and take a look. Just look what's happened. Three most important issues this election season regardless of party, jobs, the jobless, and whether you want a job.Senator Santorum, your state of Pennsylvania, a big industrial state that has struggled in recent years.
 Let's stay on jobs and the economy. We'll get to everybody. Just want to bring in Josh McElveen from WMUR who's down there on the floor. He has a question related to this.JOSHMODERATOR, WMUR POLITICAL REPORTER Thank you, John. Good evening, candidates.Governor Pawlenty, the possibility exists that New Hampshire could soon become the 23rd state to pass right to work legislation. Unions don't like it because they feel it making membership volunteer. We can organize labor, you know, you've seen the protest in your home state of Minnesota.My question is, where do you fall on right to work and would you support a federal right-to-work law?
 Mr. Speaker, I assume you agree. And as you come into the conversation, one of the criticisms -- you tell me whether it's fair or not. One of the criticisms has been, as you watch some of these governors deal with this issue across the country, that some people say there's a tone about it. That they seem to be trying to demonize public employees or union workers.
 All right. Maybe we'll come back to that.Mr. Cain, I will let you in quickly on this one. As a businessman who says your strength in this campaign is someone who's created jobs, the question of right-to-work?
 A lot more ground to cover with our candidates. We're about to take our first break of the evening. We will have several. A lot more ground to cover. A lot more domestic policy, a lot of foreign policy. We want to see who you might want as your next commander in chief should you choose to make President Obama a one- term president.One of the other things we want to do, though, is to learn a little bit more about these candidates and their personalities. So I'm going to borrow something from my sports fan experience. Every time we go to break or come back from break, I'm going to ask the candidates one at a time a question I'll call this or that. I give them a choice. These are not serious political issues. It's just to show a little bit of the personal sides of our candidate.Senator Santorum, I want to start with you.
 Of course.[Laughter]
 Leno or Conan?
 All right. That's all right. That's the answer -- the answer is the answer.And for those of you watching at home, remember, the Facebook, Twitter, send us questions, send us your analysis. A little bit later we'll also give you a chance for some exclusive content. Get your smartphone ready. I'll explain that a little bit ahead. We'll be right back at Saint Anselm College in just a moment.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back to our Republican debate at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire.One of the things we are very eager to do throughout the campaign is to involve you at home and to use technology and innovation. So if you have a smartphone, look at your screen right now.If you've used it before, you'll know. You'll see an electronic code on your screen. You can snap a picture of that code, you'll get some exclusive access about the debate. Some behind-the-scenes video, some analysis and content. We'll do this throughout the debate and we'll do it throughout the campaign.Now we're going to get back to questioning our seven Republican candidates for president.Right before the break we did this thing called "This or That." Just to learn a little bit about the personality of the candidates.Senator Santorum doesn't stay up very late. He's a parent. I understand that. He said if he had to he would pick Leno over Conan.Congresswoman Bachmann, to you, Elvis or Johnny Cash?
 Both?
 Both.
 All right. Now we know what's on the congresswoman's iPod.Let's get to John Distaso of the "Union Leader." He's down here in the audience and he has a question.JOHN DISTASO, NEWMODERATORPSHIRE UNION LEADER SR. POLITICAL REPORTER Thank you, John.To federal -- Congressman Paul, this is for you. The federal government now assists many industries, green jobs, the auto industry, research and development, all get subsidies. Given the current state of the economy, what standards do you have, if any, for government assistance to private enterprise?
 All right. These are the Republicans, the conservative candidates. Every time you applaud, I know you're happy with the answer. You take your time away, though.We would expect to get an answer of less government is better. One of the questions we want to explore tonight is when -- when do you reach that extraordinary moment where the government might want to do something.Mr. Cain, I want to ask you because you're a businessman who initially at least supported the TARP program. The former senator Judd Gregg of this great state of New Hampshire was one of the architects of that program during the late hours of the Bush administration. Then you said, quote, "We needed to do something drastic because we were facing a very drastic situation."
 Well, let's stay on this topic. Let's bring Tom Fahey back into the conversation. He has a question -- Tom.FAHEY Yes, thank you, John. I wanted to ask Governor Romney about the auto industry. General Motors and Chrysler have rebounded since the Obama administration bailed them up. Bankruptcy is no longer a threat.Would you say the bailout program was a success?
 Let me read you, Governor, just a little bit of an op-ed piece you wrote back in November 2008."If General Motors, Ford and Chrysler get the bailout, you can kiss the American automotive industry goodbye." From a profit standpoint, they're doing pretty well right now. On that point, "kiss goodbye," I understand you disagree with the policy. Kiss the industry goodbye, were you wrong?
 Anyone -- is there anyone here who, given that prospect, and President Bush started the program, given that prospect, anyone here who would have stepped in and said, "I don't want to do this, but this is the backbone of American manufacturing, I'll do something"?
 Quickly, please.
 All right, let's continue the conversation, but we'll come back to this if we have to. Let's go to Jean Mackin in Hancock. She has a question.
 Thanks, John. This question goes out to Speaker Gingrich. Next month, the space shuttle program is scheduled to retire after 30 years, and last year, President Obama effectively killed government-run space flight to the International Space Station and wants to turn it over to private companies. In the meantime, U.S. astronauts would ride Russian spacecraft at a cost of $50 million to $63 million a seat. What role should the government play in future space exploration?
 Is there any candidate who would step in and say, no, this is vital to America's identity, this is vital to America's innovation, I want the government to stay in the lead here when it comes to manned space flight? Nobody?
 But can we afford it going forward?
 In a sentence -- in a sentence or two?[Crosstalk]
 All right, let's go down to the...
 All right, the role of government -- we'll continue on the role of government. I'm sorry -- Josh, please.
 Thanks very much, John. And, Governor Pawlenty, I'd like to go back to you. Let's talk about housing. Roughly right now, there are about a million -- a million homes in the -- in the hands of banks and lenders, millions of more homeowners are upside-down, meaning they owe more than their home is worth. What would you or your administration do to try to right the housing ship?
 So, Congressman, come into the conversation. As you do, don't make it just about foreclosures. This is -- this is an interesting topic of discussion, especially -- especially when money is scarce and you've got to start cutting. It's a question of priorities. What should the government be doing? And maybe what should the government be doing in a better economy that it can't do now that has to go?So talk about foreclosures a bit, but then tell me something, if you were president and you were dealing with it in your first few weeks, and you said, "I might like to do this, but I can't afford to do this," be as specific as you can, what goes?
 Well, let me give you another topic that people say the government is too involved in. That's food safety. You worked in the business.
 You see the E. coli scare that's going on in Europe right now. You're trying to cut money. The FDA, other agencies that get involved in that are in front of you. What do you do?
 But should the federal government be doing food safety inspections?
 What else, Governor Romney? You've been a chief executive of a state. I was just in Joplin, Missouri. I've been in Mississippi and Louisiana and Tennessee and other communities dealing with whether it's the tornadoes, the flooding, and worse. FEMA is about to run out of money, and there are some people who say do it on a case-by-case basis and some people who say, you know, maybe we're learning a lesson here that the states should take on more of this role. How do you deal with something like that?
 Including disaster relief, though?
 All right, we need to work in another break. I know all the candidates want to get in on these issues and other issues. We will get back to them, I promise you that.As we go to break, remember at home, if you have a question on Facebook, send it to us. If you have a question on Twitter, send it to us. You also can use your smartphone to get some exclusive information.We're playing a little bit of an exercise called "This or That" to learn more about our candidates. It was Conan or Leno. It was Elvis or Johnny Cash.Mr. Speaker, "Dancing with the Stars" or "American Idol"?
 "American Idol" it is.Our candidates continue their debate in just a moment. Stay with us.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back to our Republican debate here in the first- in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire. Seven candidates up on stage as they try to impress the voters of New Hampshire and the voters of the country tonight. We've become, we are told, a trending topic on Twitter.Ladies and gentlemen, I want you to look up there just a bit, and we'll get to some of these questions, because they're good questions, privatization there, improving relationships with the Middle East, what industries do you think can reinvent America. All good suggestions from concerned citizens across the country watching this debate unfold.Before we go and out of every break, we're doing an exercise called "This or That" to learn more about our candidates. The speaker had no hesitation at all "American Idol" over "Dancing with the Stars.Congressman Paul, BlackBerry or iPhone?
 Thanks very much, John. And I have Dr. Paul Collins who -- you've been running a family practice in Manchester for how long?Q Twenty-seven years.
 Nice work. So not surprising your question is related to health care. What's your question, sir?Q Yes, sir. As a member of the Baby Boomer generation, I've been contributing to Medicare through payroll taxes for over 30 years. How do you propose to keep Medicare financially solvent for the next 50 years and beyond?
 Let's start with Dr. Paul on this one.
 All right, let's -- let's continue the conversation. Governor Pawlenty, Congressman Paul says opt out. Congressman Ryan says squeeze a lot of savings across the federal budget, including a lot out of Medicare to turn it into a -- he doesn't like this word -- but it turns essentially into a voucher program. Instead of having the federal program, the government would give you some money and you'd go out in the marketplace and shop for it. Is that the right way to do it?
 All right, Governor.Mr. Speaker, I want to bring you into this conversation, because I'm looking down -- I want to get the words just right -- your initial reaction to the Ryan plan? It's radical right-wing social engineering. Then you backtracked. Why?
 All right. We have to -- we have to save time.
 We have to save time. Let me start with the senator first. Should the Republicans slow down?
 The speaker's point -- the speaker's point, Mr. Cain, was that if you've lost the American people, if they're not following you, you have to slow down until you can get them with you. Is that a fair point?
 Let's continue the conversation on entitlements. I know Congresswoman Bachmann wants to get in and others want to get in.Let's get on John Distaso on the floor.DISTASO Thank you, John.Mr. Cain, back to you. And while you're fired up there, let's turn to Social Security. Can you be specific regarding ages and income levels? Everyone talks about reform. What is your specific Social Security reform plan in regards to raising the retirement age, at what ages, cutting benefits and what income level means testing kicking in?Thank you.
 All right. We're going to keep the conversation move. I know people want to weigh in. You'll get a chance to weigh in.Let's move now. Jennifer Vaughn is on the floor with a question.VAUGHN John, thank you very much.Governor Romney, I'd like to ask this to you first, please.The Treasury Department says the United States will hit its credit limit on August the 2nd. Do you believe we will ultimately have to raise the debt ceiling?
 OK.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, you'll get a vote on this issue. What Governor Romney outlined is the goal of Republicans, who's got a big deal to balance the budget. If you can't get that on the short term and this date approaches, those negotiations are continuing, what is your price tag -- what is your price tag in at least a first wave of cuts? And if you don't get it, would you say to the House Republicans, "No, let the government go into default, that's where we need to stand"?
 OK. Appreciate that again. I want to ask the candidates a little shorter on those answers so we can keep the voters involved.Let's go down to Josh on the floor.
 Thank you, John.And I'm joined by Mr. Jerry Kitty [ph] who runs a juvenile institution out of Massachusetts.And I'm told that has nothing to do with your question.UNIDENTIFIED MALE Correct.I'm just wondering what your definition of the separation of church and state is and how it will affect your decision-making.
 Governor Pawlenty, I want you to take that one first.
 Let's spend a little time talking. Let's spend a little bit of time talking about it.Senator, let's start with you. Just what role does faith play in your political life? Are there decisions, certain issues where some might you just, let's meet with my advisers, what does my gut say, and others where you might retreat and have a moment of private prayer?
 Congressman Paul, does faith have a role in these public issues, the public square, or is it a personal issue at your home and in your church?
 OK. Great. Let's go down to Josh McElveen, and let's continue the conversation.[Cheers and Applause]
 Thank you.While we're on the topic of faith and religion, the next question goes to Mr. Cain. You recently said you would not appoint a Muslim to your cabinet and you kind of back off that a little bit and said you would first want to know if they're committed to the Constitution. You expressed concern that, quote, "a lot of Muslims are not totally dedicated to this country."Are American-Muslims as a group less committed to the Constitution than, say, Christian or Jews?
 So, on that point, Governor Romney let me come to you on this.What Mr. Cain is saying that he would have -- my term, not his -- a purity test or a loyalty test. He would want to ask a Muslim a few question or a few questions before he hired them, but he wouldn't ask those questions of a Christian or Jew.
 Please let's make it clear.
 When I asked -- I asked this question the other night, though, you said you want to ask a Muslim those questions but you didn't you have to ask them to a Christian or a Jew?LOSER I would ask certain questions, John. And it's not a litmus test. It is simply trying to make sure that we have people committed to the Constitution first in order for them to work effectively in the administration.
 Should one segment, Governor -- I mean, one segment of Americans, in this case, religion, but in any case, should one segment be singled out and treated differently?
 Mr. Speaker, go ahead.
 We're going to work in another break.Still a lot more ground to cover with our seven Republican candidates for president tonight. Voters here in New Hampshire are asking the questions. You can help us at home on Facebook and on Twitter. Please send in your suggestions.In and out of every break, we're asking a candidate a personal question, this or that, to make a choice.Mr. Cain, deep dish or thin crust?[Laughter]
 Deep dish, it is. Our seven candidates for the Republican presidential nomination will be right back.[Cheers and Applause][Commercial Break][Cheers and Applause]
 Seven Republican candidates for president here on the campus of St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire. Let's continue our conversation.But, first, let's continue to know our candidates a little better.Deep dish emphatically from Mr. Cain before the break.Governor Romney, to you now. Imagine you're getting to the barbecue joint. Maybe it's here in New Hampshire, maybe it's South Carolina ordering some wings. Spicy or mild?
 All right. All right. There you go. There you go. I think -- I think that's an audience pleaser.Let's continue our questions. Let's get right down on the floor with John Distaso of the "Union Leader."DISTASO Thank you, John.Congresswoman Bachmann, let's turn to a serious subject.New Hampshire is one of five states where individuals who happen to be gay can marry legally. This is a question of conflicting interest. I know you're opposed to same-sex marriage.As president, would you try to overturn -- what influence would you use from the White House to try to overturn these state laws despite your own personal belief that states should handle their own affairs whenever possible and in many circumstances?
 On that point -- on that point, to voters out there for whom this is an important issue, let's try to quickly go through it. Let me start at this end, we'll just go right through. I'll describe it this way. Are you a George W. Bush Republican, meaning a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage, or a Dick Cheney who, like I believe, the congresswoman just said, this should be made -- this decision, same sex marriage, should be a state's decision?
 OK. Let's just go through this.
 Governor Romney, constitutional amendment or state decision?
 Mr. Speaker?LOSER Well, I helped author the Defense of Marriage Act which the Obama administration should be frankly protecting in court. I think if that fails, at that point, you have no choice except to [ph] constitutional amendment.
 We heard the congresswoman's answer, Senator.
 Very quickly?
 All right, let me ask you another question. The Obama administration is in the process -- and Leon Panetta, who's the new defense secretary, will implement -- essentially, the repeal of "don't ask/don't tell" so gays will be allowed to serve openly in the military. I want to ask each of you -- and, again, if we can be quickly, because then we want to get to the voters question -- if you were president -- if you become president of the United States, now gays are allowed to serve openly in the military, would you leave that policy in place or would you try to change it, go back to "don't ask/don't tell," or something else?
 Leave it in place if you inherit the new Obama administration policy or try to overturn it?
 Congressman?
 Leave it in place, what you inherit from the Obama administration or overturn it?
 Mr. Speaker?
 Congresswoman?
 So you would -- whatever the Obama administration does now, you would go -- try to go back? You'd try to reverse what they're doing?
 All right. Last word on this issue, Senator?
 Let's go back down to the floor here. Jennifer Vaughn has a question.VAUGHN Thanks, John.Senator Santorum, staying with you for a moment, if I may, you are staunchly pro-life. Governor Romney used to support abortion rights until he changed his position on this a few years ago. This has been thoroughly discussed. But do you believe he genuinely changed his mind, or was that a political calculation? Should this be an issue in this primary campaign?
 Governor Romney, let me give you -- take -- take 20 or 30 seconds, if there's a Republican out there for whom this important, who questions your authenticity on the issue?
 Is there anybody here who believes that that's an issue in the campaign, or is it case closed?
 Case closed it is. All right. Let's move on to the questions.Tom Foreman is standing by up in Rochester.FOREMAN Hi, John. Representative Bachmann, I have a question for you. Governor Pawlenty says he opposes abortion rights except in cases of rape, incest, or when the mother's life is at stake. Do you have any problem with that position? And if so, why?
 All right. Governor Pawlenty, it was your position that was brought into the question. We'll give you a few seconds.
 All right, Governor, thank you for that. Let's go back up to -- now up to Plymouth, New Hampshire. Thomas Fahey is standing by with a voter and a question.FAHEY Yes, thanks, John. I'm here with Lydia Cumbee. She lives in Franconia, and she is a naturalized citizen who moved to New Hampshire several years ago from Minnesota, of all places. And she's got a question about immigration.Q As a naturalized American citizen who came here legally, I would like to know how you, as America -- as president, plan to prevent illegal immigrants from using our health care, educational, or welfare systems?
 Senator Santorum, why don't you lead off on that one?
 And so, Dr. Paul, to you on this one, the question comes up, though, once they're in the country illegally, you have -- compassion sometimes bumps up against enforcing the law and state budget crises. A 5-year-old child of an illegal immigrant walks into an emergency room. Does the child get care?
 But should they get care? Should they get care? Should taxpayers have to pay for that care?
 Mr. Cain, another issue that's come up in recent years...... as this debate has bubbled up is the whole question of birthright citizenship. If there are two illegal immigrants, two adults who came into this country illegally, and they have a child, should that child be considered a citizen of the United States?
 Well, to empower the states, Mr. Cain says, Governor Pawlenty, do you support, then -- Arizona has its version, parts of it -- parts of it, employee enforcement law, have been upheld. The big SB 1070 making its way to the Supreme Court. Alabama just has a new bill. Would you want to be president of the United States in which each state can decide what it does? Or would you make the point, look, this is a federal purview, period?
 I want to do one more on this issue. President Bush and Senator McCain spent a lot of time on this, Mr. Speaker. I want your view. There are an estimated maybe 20 million illegal immigrants in this country. People have different numbers. If you were going to round them all up -- Congressman Tom Tancredo on this stage four years ago would have said round them up and kick them up, they broke the law, they shouldn't be here. I don't know where the money would come from in this environment.So I want you sense. Do you -- is that what the states should be doing, the federal government should be spending money and resources on? Or -- or like President Bush and like Senator McCain, at least in the McCain-Kennedy days, should we have some path to status for those who are willing to step up and admit where they are and come out of the shadows?
 All right. Let's...
 All right.John Distaso down on the floor has a question.DISTASO Thank you, John.Congressman Paul, this is for you. John, if you don't mind, I'd also like to hear from Governor Romney and a couple of the candidates, because it relates to a specific New Hampshire issue with a national question.Here in New Hampshire, there is a popular bill that is being considered by our state legislature that would restrict the state's power to seize private land to build a power plant or a transmission facility. Should governments at any level be able to use eminent domain for major projects that will reduce America's dependence on foreign oil?
 And so let's stay on this issue, because it is a very important issue. Josh McElveen down on the floor.
 Thanks very much, John. Timely issue. Question for Senator Santorum. The Senate tomorrow is going to be voting on possibly abolishing the ethanol tax, effective July 1st  major impact on our friends in another early voting state in Iowa. They grow corn. This is a move that would basically remove tax credits worth $6 billion. Question to you is, do you support abolishing?
 All right. I want to -- got to work in one more break before we go. We've got a lot more ground to cover. Believe it or not, our candidates -- we're running out of time here.Into and out of every break we're having a little experiment called "This or That." "Spicy" from Governor Romney was the last one.Governor Pawlenty, to you, Coke or Pepsi?
 Coke it is, a good, swift answer there.We've got to work in one more break. Before we go to break, though, I just want to show you. We're asking you on Twitter to show us what you think. What are the candidates' opinions on whether or not to withdraw troops from Afghanistan? That and a number of foreign policy questions when we return here to the campus of Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire, seven Republicans who want to be your next president debating. Stay right here.[Commercial Break]
 Welcome back. Seven Republican candidates for president debating on the campus of St. Anselm Congress in beautiful Manchester, New Hampshire -- St. Anselm College, excuse me. We want to turn to foreign policy now.I want to move up to Hancock and Jean Mackin, and she's got a question.
 I'm here with John Brown from Swanzey, New Hampshire. He's retired from the U.S. Navy, 25 years of service. Right now, he has three sons serving in the Navy. So you can imagine he has a very important question. What would you like to ask tonight, John?JOHN BROWN, VOTER Osama bin Laden is dead. We've been in Afghanistan for ten years. Isn't it time to bring our combat troops home from Afghanistan?
 Governor Romney, take the lead on that one.WINNER It's time for us to bring our troops home as soon as we possibly can, consistent with the word that comes to our generals that we can hand the country over to the Taliban military in a way that they're able to defend themselves. Excuse me, the Afghan military to defend themselves from the Taliban. That's an important distinction.I want to say, first of all, thank you to you for the sacrifice of your family and your sons in defending the liberty that we have and our friends around the world. Thank you for what you've done.
 Congressman Paul?
 Congressman Paul, do you agree with that decision?
 Governor Pawlenty, a growing number of Republicans are more skeptical of these foreign involvements. But I want you to take what Congressman Paul just said there. Let's focus on one.He said no bombing in Yemen. The strikes in Yemen have been targeted at al Qaeda leaders, at al Qaeda operatives, who the president of the United States, who happens to be a Democrat in his case, views as serious threats against this nation. Do you agree with Congressman Paul there or do you agree with President Obama and the strikes?
 Let's stay on foreign policy. I want to move the questioning. Tom Foreman up in Rochester. Tom. We lost him.[Crosstalk]Q I'd like to know your opinion on your involvement with Libya.
 Congresswoman Bachmann, should the president have supported and jointed more U.S. presence, but now a NATO operation? Was that the right thing to do? Is that in the vital national interest of the United States of America?
 Mr. Cain, take 30 seconds, please. People might say he's a businessman. He has no experience in government. How would you look at your responsibilities, draw that line, vital U.S. national interests as commander in chief?
 Let's stay on how you would all focus as a commander in chief. Let's move down. Jennifer has a voter with a question.VAUGHN Staying on this topic, John, thank you. I'd like you to meet Greg Salts, who lives here in Manchester, New Hampshire. What's your question tonight for the candidates? GREG SALTS, TRUCK DRIVER Well, I support the U.S. military. But frankly, we're in debt up to our eyeballs. We have nation building going on around the world. We're the world's police force. World War II is over. The Korean War is over. But we still have military bases all over Europe, all over Asia.We have something like 900 military bases all around the world. I want to know if there's a candidate on the stage who is willing to shut down the bulk -- not the bulk of these bases, but the bases that aren't vital to our national security, and take that money to pay off our national debt?
 Senator Santorum, why don't I start with you on this one?
 I need to step in on time here. We have to take our last break of the evening. I know a lot of you have a lot of things to say. We'll get to more issues.As we do some, if you take a look up here, you'll see the conversation on Facebook and Twitter. A lot of good questions. Would you have released the bin Laden photos? Would you support Israel at any cost if they're attacked by surrounding hostile countries.Good questions from our viewers there. We're here on the campus of St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire. Seven Republican candidates for president. We'll be right back.[Commercial Break]
 We're in the closing moments of our Republican presidential debate here on the St. Anselm College campus, Manchester, New Hampshire. Time flies when you're having fun. One last segment with the candidates.Let's kick off by going down on to the floor, WMUR's Jennifer Vaughn.VAUGHN Hi, Mr. Cain. This one is for you. Public opinion polls consistently result in low approval ratings for Congress as a whole. And early polls show a lack of enthusiasm for this field of candidates. Most of you will say that you don't watch polls, but shouldn't you pay attention to public sentiment? And aren't these polls a direct reflection of what voters are and are not looking for?
 All right. It is likely that the Republican nominee for president is standing on the stage tonight. If you win the nomination, you'll have to make the choice that a nominee makes, and that is picking a running mate.Governor Pawlenty to you, look back on 2008 and the process. President Obama made a pick. Senator McCain made a pick. Who made the best choice?
 Go ahead, Governor.
 If that is you, if there is a President Bachmann, and you're only allowed to hire one of the candidates on the stage, which one would it be and why?
 Let the audience decide. Congressman Paul, if you were the president of the United States and you could pick one, but just one of these gentlemen and the lady, to join your administration, who would it be and why?
 Yes.
 You only get to pick one. It's about choices.
 We're down to our last minute. I want to try to get to everybody. I want to start with you, Senator Santorum. What have you learned in the last two hours.
 Congresswoman?
 Don't mean to interrupt you.
 Governor?
 Governor?
 Mr. Cain?
 Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders, you can now move to your lecterns while I explain a few ground rules. As moderator, I'll guide the discussion, asking questions and follow-ups. You'll also get questions from Dana Bash and Errol Louis. You'll each have one minute and 15 seconds to answer questions, 30 seconds for follow- ups. Timing lights will signal when your time is up. Both candidates have agreed to these rules now. Opening statements, you'll each have two minutes.Let's begin with Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you, Secretary.We are going to deal with many of the issues both of you just raised. I want to begin with a question that goes right to the heart of which one of you should be the Democratic presidential nominee.Senator Sanders, in the last week, you've raised questions about Secretary Clinton's qualifications to be president. You said that something is clearly lacking in terms of her judgment and you accused her of having a credibility gap.So let me ask you, do you believe that Secretary Clinton has the judgment to be president?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator...
 Madam Secretary, let him finish.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Secretary?
 Thank, Secretary. We're going to continue on this, but I want Dana Bash to continue with the questioning.
 Secretary Clint, the government announced yesterday that five of the biggest banks on Wall Street have failed to develop plans to dismantle themselves in the event of another financial crisis. This is the second time in two years those banks neglected to come up with credible plans. So, as president, would you call on regulators to start the process of breaking up these banks? Something that the law not only allows, but actually explicitly encourages?
 ... Thank you, Secretary. Senator Sanders, you were recently asked what you would replace the big Wall Street banks with if you could break them up. You said, quote, "That's their decision."Why would you trust the banks to restructure themselves?
 when you said the whole business model was fraudulent?
 But, Senator...
 But Senator, you didn't answer the specific question which is not just about breaking up the banks, but why allow the banks to do it themselves?
 Thank you, Madam Secretary.
 Senator Sanders, you have consistently criticized Secretary Clinton for accepting money from Wall Street. Can you name one decision that she made as senator that shows that he favored banks because of the money she received?
 Thank you, Madam Secretary.
 Thank you. Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton, if I may, Senator Sanders keeping bringing up the speeches that you gave to Goldman Sachs. So I'd like to ask you, so you've said that you don't want to release the transcripts, until everybody does it, but if there's nothing in those speeches that you think would change voters' minds, why not just release the transcripts and put this whole issue to bed?
 Madam Secretary...
 Senator Sanders, one second, please. Secretary Clinton, the question was about the transcripts of the speeches to Goldman Sachs.Why not release them?
 Secretary Clinton, we're going to get to the tax returns later, but just to put a button on this, you're running now for the Democratic nomination.
 And it is your Democratic opponent and many Democratic voters who want to see those transcripts. It's not about the Republicans...
 Thank you.
 Senator...
 Senator...
 Senator, when are you  when are you  you've been asked for weeks and weeks to release your tax returns.
 Which one?
 2014?
 What about 2013, all the other ones?
 So, Senator, just to be clear, tomorrow you will release the 2014 tax returns from you and your family?
 And what about the earlier ones? What's the problem...
 What's taking so long? Because you just have to go to the filing cabinet, make a copy, and release them.
 Thank you. Senator, Senator, you've slammed companies like General Electric and Verizon for moving jobs outside of the United States. Yesterday, the CEO of Verizon called your views contemptable and said in your home state of Vermont Verizon has invested more than $16 million and pays millions of dollars a year to local businesses. He says you are, quote, "uninformed on this issue" and disconnected from reality. Given your obvious contempt for large American corporations, how would you as president of the United States be able to effectively promote American businesses around the world?
 All right. Senator, but the question was, the question was, given your contempt for large American corporations, as president, how would you be able to promote American business around the world?
 But Senator, experts say that no matter the means to bring back these jobs to the United States, prices of goods for consumers in the United States would go up, which would disproportionately impact the poor and middle class.So how do you bring back these jobs to the United States without affecting the cost of goods to America's middle class and poor?
 Thank you.Secretary...[laughter]...Secretary Clinton?
 Senator...
 Thank you.
 Senator, how do you...
 I'll have you respond in a moment.Stand by.
 Secretary Clinton...You will respond in a moment, but I have to follow-up with Secretary Clinton.You stood on the stage with Governor Cuomo in support of new legislation to raise New York's minimum wage to $15 an hour. But you do not support raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.As president......if a Democratic Congress put a $15 minimum wage bill on your desk, would you sign it?
 Thank you.
 Secretary, Senator, please.
 Secretary, the viewers...
 If you're both screaming at each other, the viewers won't be able to hear either of you.
 So please...
 ...don't talk over each other.
 Go ahead.
 Go ahead, Secretary. Secretary?
 Secretary, go ahead.
 All right. Secretary?
 Senator, go ahead.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you.We're going to turn to another critically important issue right now, guns in America. Secretary Clinton, you've said that Vermont, Senator Sanders' home state, has, quote, "the highest per capita number of guns that end up committing crimes in New York." But only 1.2 percent of the guns recovered in New York in 2014 were from Vermont. Are you seriously blaming Vermont, and implicitly Senator Sanders, for New York's gun violence?
 ...Thank you...
 Senator?
 I asked her, are you seriously blaming Vermont and implicitly Senator Sanders for New York's gun violence. She said no. But, go ahead.
 Please, go ahead sir.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you. [cheering]Secretary Clinton, I want you to respond to that, but why did you put out that statement blaming Vermont and its gun policy for some of the death of  by guns in New York?
 Senator, I want you to respond, but I also want you to respond to this. You recently said you do not think crime victims should be able to sue gun makers for damages. The daughter of the Sandy Hook Elementary School who was killed back in the 2012 mass shooting, says you owe her and families an apology. Do you?
 So, Senator, do you owe the Sandy Hook families an apology?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Secretary.Senator, go ahead.
 Thank you, Senator.Let's turn it over to Errol Lewis, of New York 1 Time Warner Cable News.LOUIS Secretary Clinton, the 1994 crime bill that you supported added 100,000 police officers across the country and banned certain assault weapons. It also imposed tougher prison sentences and eliminated federal funding for inmate education.Looking at the bill as a whole, do you believe it was a net positive or do you think it was a mistake?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Secretary. We have to take a quick commercial break. We have a lot more questions for Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders right after this.
 Welcome back.Let's turn to another critically important issue.Senator, Secretary, the issue of energy and the environment.Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders has said you are in the pocket of the fossil fuel industry. You say you're sick and tired of him lying about your record.What are his lies?
 Thank you. We're going to get to that to, but I want you to respond, Senator.
 .... Thank you...
 Secretary Clinton, go ahead and respond.
 ... Thank you...[cheering and applause]
 ... Go ahead, Senator...
 Thank you.
 ... Secretary Clinton...
 ... Go ahead and respond.
 Thank you, Secretary. We'll continue on this. Errol  Errol Louis, go ahead with your question.
 We're going to continue on this. Errol, go ahead.LOUIS OK. Secretary Clinton, as secretary of state, you also pioneered a program to promote fracking around the world, as you described. Fracking, of course, a way of extracting natural gas. Now as a candidate for president, you say that by the time you're done with all your rules and regulations, fracking will be restricted in many places around the country. Why have you changed your view on fracking?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.Let's turn to another critically important issue......the issue of national security and foreign policy.Secretary Clinton, President Obama says the worst mistake in office that he made over these past seven and a half years was not preparing for Libya after Moammar Qadafi was removed. You were his secretary of State.Aren't you also responsible for that?
 Thank you.
 Senator, go ahead.
 Yes.
 Secretary, we're going to let you respond.
 Senator, go ahead.
 Senator, let her respond to that, then we'll get to that.Go ahead, Secretary.
 Thank you, Secretary.Go ahead, Senator.
 Staying on national security, Dana Bash has a question.
 Senator Sanders, in 1997, you said this about NATO, you said, quote "It is not the time to continue wasting tens of billions of dollars helping to defend Europe, let alone assuming more than our share of any cost associated with expanding NATO."Do you still feel that way?
 And just following up, Senator Sanders, Donald Trump also argues that NATO is unfair economically to the U.S. because America pays a disproportionate share. So how is what you say about NATO and your proposal different than his?
 Secretary Clinton?
 But, Madam Secretary...
 That's going to be part of my  my question to you is, to that point, there are 28 countries in the alliance, and the United States gives more money to NATO's budget than 21 of those countries combined. If they don't agree to pay more, as you suggested, then what would you do as commander-in-chief?
 Thank you, Secretary.Senator, let's talk about the U.S. relationship with Israel. Senator Sanders, you maintained that Israel's response in Gaza in 2014 was, quote, "disproportionate and led to the unnecessary loss of innocent life."What do you say to those who believe that Israel has a right to defend itself as it sees fit?
 ... Thank you, Senator...
 Thank you. Secretary Clinton, do you agree with Senator Sanders that Israel overreacts to Palestinians attacks, and that in order for there to be peace between Israel and the Palestinians, Israel must, quote, end its disproportionate responses?
 ... Thank you...
 Thank you, Senator, go ahead  go ahead, Senator.
 Thank you, Secretary.Senator.
 A final word, Senator, go ahead.
 Secretary.
 Senator, go ahead.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Secretary.We have to take another quick, quick break. But much more on the CNN Democratic presidential debate live from Brooklyn, New York. That is coming up right after this.
 Welcome back to the CNN presidential debate. We're here in Brooklyn. Secretary, Senator, both of you talk about major reforms to college tuition, health care, and Social Security, all of which will take significant changes from Congress, currently controlled by Republicans.Senator Sanders, you're promising health care and free college for all, and those plans would be met with both political and practical challenges. The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget says your initiatives would cost up to $28 trillion and, even after massive tax increases, that would add as much as $15 trillion to the national debt. How is this fiscally responsible?
 Thank you, Senator. Secretary, go ahead and respond.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Senator, go ahead. Thank you.
 Secretary please.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Secretary Clinton  Secretary Clinton, go ahead.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Secretary, let's talk about Social Security, another critically important issue. Senator Sanders has challenged you to give a clear answer when it comes to extending the life of Social Security and expanding benefits. Are you prepared to lift the cap on taxable income, which currently stands at $118,500? Yes or no, would you lift the cap?
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Senator?Go ahead, Senator.
 Go ahead, Senator.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Senator, go ahead.
 Thank you.Errol  Errol Louis, go ahead.
 Errol...
 Errol, hold on a second.
 Go ahead.Hold on, Errol...
 ...Errol. Hold on.
 Go ahead, Senator.
 Thank you.
 Well, thank you...
 Errol, go ahead.LOUIS OK, Secretary Clinton, I've got a question for you from a reader...
 Senator Sanders, your response.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Sanders, you've spoken a lot tonight about your votes in Congress. You have been in Congress for over a quarter of the century, and there as an independent, not a Democrat.Now you're seeking the Democratic nomination, but Secretary Clinton has suggested that she's not even sure you are a Democrat. Are you?
 Senator Sanders...
 Senator Sanders.
 On that very subject, on that very subject, Secretary Clinton mentions electing a Democratic congress several times. She says that she raised $15 million for the Democratic party in the first three months of this year. You don't appear to have raised any money for the party. Yesterday you did announce that you will help three members of Congress who have endorsed you. Why aren't you doing more to help the party you say you want to lead?
 ... Thank you Senator.
 ... Senator, your time is up...
 Thank you, Senator Sanders. Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you, Madam Secretary. Senator Sanders. [cheering and applause]
 ... Secretary Clinton, thank you.
 ... Secretary Clinton...
 ...Secretary Clinton, you're out of time...
 ...Senator Sanders, on that note....
 ... Senator Sanders, I want to ask you a question about this, and you can incorporate that into your response. Three months now between now and the Democratic convention. Your campaign manager says that you will absolutely take the fight to the floor if neither you nor Secretary Clinton clinches the nomination with pledged delegates alone.Do you vow to take this fight to Philadelphia no matter what?
 Secretary Clinton, go ahead.
 Senator, go ahead.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator, very much. The candidates, they will make their final pitches to New York voters right after this.
 Welcome back to the CNN presidential debate. It's time for the candidates' closing statements. Each candidate will have two minutes. Senator Sanders, you're first.
 Secretary Clinton? Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you, Secretary. Thank you very much, Senator.I want to thank the candidates for a really terrific debate. Thanks also to Dana Bash and Errol Louis, as well as NY1, the Democratic National Committee, and everyone here at the Duggal Greenhouse at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
 This will be the first and only debate the candidates will do, taking into account the millions of  voters  Univision News, together with the Washington Post.
  Here with us tonight is Karen Tumulty, Washington Post correspondent  specialized in national policy.
 Welcome, Karen.
  Now, we're going to welcome the protagonists of this debate. First, former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton.And Senator from Vermont Bernie Sanders.Welcome to both of you. Thank you for being here.
  Welcome to both of you.
  But before we continue, we want to welcome Sebastian de la Cruz who is going to sing the national anthem.Sebastian, welcome. Good evening.
  Thank you for being with us. The Washington Post and Facebook, these are the results of this debate that the candidates have accepted. They will have 90 seconds to answer each question. When their rival mentions them in an answer, they will have 30 seconds to answer and another 30 seconds to answer questions, follow-up questions that we ask.
  We will make our questions in English and they will be translated simultaneously into Spanish for our viewers. And right now, each one of them has one minute for your initial words. We begin with Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Thank you. Senator Sanders, your opening remarks.
 Thank you, Senator.First question, Secretary, you have been starting to sound like the nominee lately, but many voters are saying, not so fast. Where did you fail last night in Michigan?
 What went wrong in Michigan?What went wrong in Michigan? What went wrong in Michigan? What failed in Michigan specifically?
 Senator, aside from your astounding upset last night in Michigan, you are still far behind Secretary Clinton in delegate count. She has 1,221 delegates, including superdelegates, and you have 571. What is your pathway to make up the deficit, and can you realistically catch up?
 Secretary Clinton, I want to disclose once again that my daughter Paula works for your campaign. And now I have a question about your emails. Your Republican opponents say that those emails have endangered our national security. When you were secretary of state, you wrote 104 emails in your private server that the government now says contain classified information according to The Washington Post analysis.That goes against a memo that you personally sent to your employees in 2011 directing all of them to use official email, precisely because of security concerns. So it seems that you issued one set of rules for yourself and a different set of rules for the rest of the State Department.So who specifically gave you permission to operate your email system as you did? Was it President Barack Obama? And would you drop out of the race if you get indicted?
 If we get your permission...
 Secretary Clinton, the questions were, who gave you permission to cooperate? Was it President Obama?
 If you get indicted would you going to drop out?
 Senator Sanders, you have gone from saying the following, the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn e- mails, to claiming that it is a very serious issue. Which is it?
 On , people are talking about immigration, and this map shows where in the country they are talking about it the most.Maria Elena?
 So Secretary, I have a question for you. In 2003, you said on a radio show, specifically it was John Gambling's radio show in New York, that you were adamantly against illegal immigrants and that people have to stop employing illegal immigrants. Your new immigration plan is that you would expand President Obama's executive actions and that you would push for legislation that would include a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.So, are you flip-flopping on this issue? Or are you pandering to Latinos, what some would call Hispandering? [laughter]
 Now, Senator Sanders, in 2007, you voted against immigration reform. You now say that it was because the bill had guestworker provisions which seemed semi-slavery. But back then, this is what you said to CNN's Lou Dobbs. Let's listen.[begin video clip]
 So, Senator, were you concerned with working conditions for guestworkers, or really because you think immigrants drive down wages and take jobs from Americans?
 But if you're saying that you would......if you're saying that you would expand on the executive actions, how do you that they're not going to end up in a legal battle just like Obama's executive actions?
 Secretary Sanders (sic). Senator, would you like to respond?
 One last response.
 Go ahead.
 Senator, Secretary, we're going to take a break and we'll continue talking about immigration when we come back.
  So this is the moment of talking about deportations. We're going to immigrants.
   Facebook page . Tell us what you think of the debate in the comment section. We will come back after the break.
  We're back to the Democratic debate.Secretary Clinton, the last time we talked in January, in Iowa, I asked you if you could be the next deporting chief. And you told me, no, that you wouldn't be the next deporter in chief. However, you refused two times to say you would not deport children. This is what you said.[begin video clip]
 And can you promise that you won't deport immigrants who don't have a criminal record?
 But will you deport children?
 So secretary, you seem to be defending President Obama's deportation policy. And as you know, so far he has deported more than 2.5 million immigrants. So if you really don't want to be the next deporter in chief, can you promise tonight that you won't deport children and that you won't deport immigrants who don't have a criminal record and this time, could I get a yes or no answer?
 But again, yes or no, can you promise tonight that you won't deport children, children who are already here?
 OK. So I want to be very specific. So you are telling us tonight that if you become president you won't deport children who are already here?
 And that you won't deport immigrants who don't have a criminal record?
 So you will stop those deportations.
 The deportations for children...
 ... and those who don't have a criminal record.
 Senator Sanders, would you  can you promise us tonight that you won't deport children?
 And can you promise not to deport immigrants who don't have a criminal record?
 Did you support the Minutemen, Senator? Did you support the Minutemen?
 Did you support the Minutemen, as Secretary Clinton has said?
 Secretary, you said this morning...
 Secretary...
 OK, Senator.
 You have 30 seconds and then we'll pass to another. Thirty more seconds and then we'll move to another...
 Your time is up, Senator.
 Senator  your time is up, Senator.
 Thank you.
 We have to move on. Senator, the time is up. We have to move on.Next question. Secretary Clinton, you recently said instead of building walls we need to tear down barriers. However, last November in New Hampshire, you openly said that as senator you voted numerous times to build the wall with Mexico. What's the difference between what you did, voting to build the wall, and what Donald Trump wants to do now?
 But the question is, what is the difference between the wall that you voted for and Donald Trump's wall?
 Senator...
 Now we have a question from the audience for both of you.QUESTION  We have a question from the public. I want to go to Lucia Aquiette. She's an immigrant from Guatemala, she's here with her five children who have not seen their father since he was deported three years ago. She has a question for both of you.QUESTION  I would like to ask  me and my children  hardworking men in the field  .QUESTION Senator Sanders, as you can see, these are a very painful and personal issue for Lucia and her family. She wants to know what you would do to stop deportations, but most importantly, to reunite families like hers.
 Thank you Senator Sanders.QUESTION  Secretary Clinton, you've also said you want to stop deportations. But what's your plan to reunite families and thousands of children, U.S. citizens, with their parents?
 We're going to move on to the next question. [booing]  [laughter and applause]
 You have 30 seconds, Senator.
 We're going to move on to the secretary.
 Yes. Just a few seconds.
 OK. We're going to move on.
 OK, next question. I want to continue with the issue of trust. Secretary Clinton, on the night of the attacks in Benghazi, you sent an e-mail to your daughter Chelsea...[booing]...saying, that Al Qaida was responsible for the killing of the Americans. [booing]However, some of the families claim that you lied to them. To that speed, the mother of the information officer, Chaznea. Let's listen.[begin video clip]SMITH Hillary and Obama and Panetta and Biden and all of  and Susan Rice, all told me it was a video, when they knew it was not the video. And they said that they would call me and let me know what the outcome was.[end video clip]
 Secretary Clinton, did you lie to them?
 But Secretary Clinton, what they're saying is that  what the families are saying is that you told your daughter Chelsea one thing and a different thing to them.
 Thank you senator.
 Thank you.
 You have 30 seconds, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.
 We're going to  we're going to take a break.
 We're taking a break.We're taking a break.  We'll continue with topics that are of interest to Spanish  education, what to do with student debt. Two topics that we will deal in a moment in the Democratic debate.
  We remind you that you can download  and we'll come back with the Democratic presidential debate.
 Thank you, .We'll continue with the debate now.Senator Sanders, you call your opponent Hillary Clinton an establishment politician. You yourself are a career politician. Why should voters prefer a career politicians over an establishment politician?
 Secretary,  Latinos, according to the Univision-Washington Post poll, the number one issue is jobs and the economy. Latino unemployment rate is higher than the national average. Their net worth has gone down 42 percent during the Obama years, and 60 percent of Latinos make less than $15 an hour.So, last week you tweeted that for the GOP, the economy is an after thought. Well, many Latinos feel that they are an after thought. Do you understand what the specific needs of Latinos are to improve their living conditions?
 Secretary, what would you do...
 Secretary, you talked in general terms, but you haven't really said what you would specifically do to improve the living conditions of Latinos.
 Your time is up, Secretary  sorry, your time is up.
 Your time is up.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you, Senator.
 We have a question on education. Senator, I'll continue with you. You propose free college tuition.
 So under your plan, potentially, millions of students who can not truly afford college would be getting federal subsidies. Is that right?
 Because my question was if you think, for instance, if Donald Trump's grandchildren or  I'm sorry  Hillary Clinton's grandchildren, should they be able to go for free?
 For free.
 We'll continue this  we'll continue talking about education. For that, we go Enrique Cevedo has a question. Enrique Cevido.QUESTION  We just heard about free tuition from Senator Sanders, but right now there are millions of students who can't afford to pay their loans. Maria Martinez is 20 years old and she's a major of political science at Miami-Dade College.
 Thank you senator. Thank you very much.
 Thank you senator.
 Secretary, thank you very much.
 Senator Sanders?
 Absolutely. This is your debate.
 Thank you senator.
 We're going to break now.
 Thank you senator.TUMULTY Time is up. Thank you.
 We're going to take a break. And when we come back, we'll talk about Latin America. [Speaking in Spanish]
 Let's talk about Latin America.Secretary Clinton and Senator Sanders, it will be my welcome to Miami question. So it goes as follows. President Barack Obama is going to Cuba in two weeks. Forty percent of Cuban Americans supporting to uphold  oppose a new White House policy towards Cuba.If you were president, would you meet with the dissidents in Cuba? Would you meet with Fidel Castro? And would you consider Raul Castro a president or a dictator? Welcome to Miami.
 Senator Sanders...
 On Facebook, by the way, this is the conversation that everybody is having, talking about Cuba. Senator Sanders.
 Let's continue with another question, Senator, if you don't mind.
 In 1985, you praised the Sandinista government and you said that Daniel Ortega was an impressive guy. This is what you said about Fidel Castro. Let's listen.[begin video clip]
 In South Florida there are still open wounds among some exiles regarding socialism and communism. So please explain what is the difference between the socialism that you profess and the socialism in Nicaragua, Cuba and Venezuela.
 Senator, in retrospect, have you ever regretted the characterizations that you made of Daniel Ortega and Fidel Castro that way?
 In retrospect, have you ever regretted the characterizations of Daniel Ortega and Fidel Castro that you made in 1985?
 You didn't answer the question.
 Thank you, Senator. Your time is up on that.
 Secretary, I have a question on Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is bankrupt. It owes more than $70 billion it cannot pay and we have a question from Facebook. Lian Purvea is asking you the following; I would like to know if during the first 100 days of your presidency, you will help Puerto Rico restructure its public debt and help its economy. The first 100 days, secretary.
  We go to a commercial. And when we come back, conclusions .
   which has heads of space and it's the candidates to the presidents  that are the .
  We come back with the Democratic debate, sponsored by Univision, Washington Post and Facebook. We are reaching the end, asking the candidates to give their last words.We're coming to the end of this wonderful debate, and it's time for your closing remarks.Secretary Clinton, you're first.
 Senator Sanders, your closing remarks.
 Secretary and Senator, we want to thank both of you for being here, for joining us tonight. And, of course, we also want to thank also the wonderful crowd that was here today. Our audience has been wonderful, and thank you for being here.TUMULTY And on behalf of The Washington Post and Univision and Facebook, we'd like to thank you again for joining us in this debate and also to remind people to get out and vote.
  We want to use these last moments, it's very important to go out and vote, remember next Tuesday, March 15th is elections in Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, all these states  in all these states the Hispanic vote is crucial . Talk about the importance of Hispanic votes, how in very close races it is the Hispanic vote that can choose the next president of the United States. This is Hispanic power, but the only way that this can happen is if we all go out and vote.So you know it perfectly, who does not vote doesn't count.
  And as you know, nobody can reach the White House without the Hispanic vote. Remember, don't let others decide for you. The power is in your hands, you have to participate, you have to vote. Thank you for being with us this evening and thank you for trusting in Univision. Good evening.
 Good evening.
 And welcome to The Whiting Auditorium on the campus of the Flint Cultural Center in Flint, Michigan for a special CNN democratic presidential debate.I'm Anderson Cooper. I want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world. Tonight's debate will be seen on CNN, CNN International, CNN en Espanol, by American soldiers, sailors, and airmen on the American Forces Network, and nationwide on the Westwood One Radio Network.And now we want to welcome the Democratic candidates for president of the United States, please welcome Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.Please welcome former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Ladies and gentlemen, the Democratic candidates for president of the United States!Before we begin tonight, we want to take a moment to remember former first lady Nancy Reagan. As probably know she passed away this morning at the age of 94. Her grace and elegance in the White House, her deep love for President Reagan, and her strength and advocacy in the fight against Alzheimer's and drug abuse will always be remembered. We would like to pause of a moment of silence in honor of Mrs. Reagan.And now will you please rise for our national anthem performed by the Flint City Wide Choir, conducted by Darnell Ishmel.[The National Anthem is performed]
 Our thanks to the Flint City Wide Choir.Candidates take your positions behind the podium. Before we begin as the candidates take their positions, I just want to set out some ground rules as moderators, I'll ask questions, I'll ask follow- ups and guide the discussion. The candidates will have one minute and 15 seconds to answer questions. They'll have 30 seconds for follow- ups. CNN's Don Lemon will join me in the questioning, as will members of our audience here tonight. The members of our audience are Democrats and independents from Flint and elsewhere in Michigan. We've reviewed their questions just so they don't overlap.Now we've come to Flint because this is a city in crisis, a city where, as you probably know, the tap water is toxic. Public servants, public institutions not only failed to prevent the crisis, their decisions created this crisis. The state of Michigan, in an effort to save money, switched Flint's water source to a cheaper, but riskier alternative, the Flint River. Safeguards were ignored. That river water corroded residential pipes, and for nearly two years, lead leaked into the water used in people's homes. Now, for much of that time, the state downplayed the danger, even in the face of growing complaints and physical evidence.For 100 days, the federal government knew about it, and yet in all that time nobody told the people of Flint. They bathed in the water, they drank it, and so did their kids. Even today, lead is still present in some of the water.Tonight the Democratic candidates are here to answer questions about what they would do for Flint, as well as about other issues facing their country right now.Each candidate has one minute for an opening statement, Senator Sanders is first. We begin with him. Senator Sanders?
 Thank you, Senator.Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton?
 We're going to have a lot of time for that. We want to begin tonight with the people of Flint themselves. This is Mikki Wade, she's a public housing program manager, and the mother of two kids. She says she's currently undecided, and has a question that both of you will be able to weigh in on. Ms. Wade?QUESTION The water has impacted our lives in such a way that living comfortably in our home isn't the same anymore. The constant drives to pick up water just so my children can wash their hair, to wash our fruits and vegetables, and to brush our teeth is incredibly difficult. Once the pipes are replaced, I'm not so sure I would be comfortable ever drinking the water.If elected president, what course will you take to regain my trust in the government?
 Secretary Clinton, we'll begin with you.
 Secretary Clinton, let me follow-up with that, he people here still wasn't drink the water in their homes as you well know. They can't bathe their kids in the water and they are desperate for accountability and specifics. As president can you give a specific about what you can do if you were president that would make Ms. Wade's life better and life better for people here?
 Senator Sanders for Ms. Wade specifically?
 Thank you, senator.We will have more on the infrastructure shortly but I want to follow up with you.This crisis in flint as you know, as everybody in the room knows was created by the government. Your policies are about expanding government. Why should people from flint trust that more government is the answer?
 Secretary Clinton  Secretary Clinton, you  you've now both called for the governor to resign. I believe that's  that's new for you. Previously, you had not called for that, but you're calling for that tonight.It's easy to blame the Republican governor, Rick Snyder. But the federal government also dropped the ball here. According to Section 1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act, the EPA has to step in and take action when a state is informed at  about water problems and doesn't do anything for 30 days, as the state here didn't do.The EPA knew for months and months, never warned the people of Flint not to drink the water. As president, would you fire the head of the EPA?
 So far, one person has resigned.
 Senator Sanders, would a President Sanders fire the head of the EPA?
 Thank you  thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.
 I want to go to Lee-Anne Walters. This is Lee-Anne Walters. She was one of the first people to report problems with the water in Flint. One of her twin boys stopped growing. Her daughter lost her hair.She says she's undecided, and has a question for both of you to answer, but we'll start with Senator Sanders. Ms. Walters?QUESTION After my family, the city of Flint and the children in D.C. were poisoned by lead, will you make a personal promise to me right now that, as president, in your first 100 days in office, you will make it a requirement that all public water systems must remove all lead service lines throughout the entire United States, and notification made to the  the citizens that have said service lines.
 Let me just point out for accuracy's sake, there is 10 million lead service pipes delivering water to people all across this country tonight. Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you.
 ... Thank you...
 Thank you, Secretary. I want to go to my colleague, Don Lemon.LEMON Anderson, thank you very much. Secretary Clinton, tonight you call for the resignation, or for Governor Snyder to be recalled. There are residents of this city who want to see criminal charges brought against those who are responsible. Do you think people should go to jail?
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Secretary.I want to turn now to Bryn Mickle, the editor of the Flint Journal, he's our local partner in this debate. He has our next question.Bryn?QUESTION Secretary Clinton, it took this water crisis for politicians like yourself to notice we are a city in trouble. You've only both recently started talking about Flint, holding campaign events here in just the past few weeks. Secretary Clinton, you've even made the crisis a centerpiece of a new campaign ad. Why should the people of Flint believe that you aren't just using this crisis to secure political points?
 Bryn has a follow up.QUESTION Senator Sanders, how about you? Your first visit to Flint as a presidential candidate was just over a week ago. That's almost five months after the people here were told to stop drinking the water. What took you so long?
 Thank you, Senator.This city is also facing a jobs crisis, 75 percent of Flint's manufacturing jobs have been lost in the last 25 years and about the same amount of time, Michigan lost 230,000 manufacturing jobs.I want to go to Tanisha Motron, she grew up in flint and now works in Detroit at the Shinola watch factory which as you know, is often held up as the blueprint for how to save American industry jobs. She says she's leaning towards secretary Clinton and has a question for her.QUESTION A lot of members work in the auto industry here in Flint. That's ultimately what I wanted to do when I got out of school unfortunately, I was unable to get any one of the big three and that's why I now reside at Shinola. If you are elected president, what are you going to do to in the United States instead of sending them overseas to other countries?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator sanders, I will let you...
 Secretary Clinton?
 Let him .
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton.
 Senator Sanders?
 Senator Sanders...
 Senator Sanders, just yesterday, in fact, you said just  I believe it was yesterday you said not only her speech must have been a fantastic speech, it must have been a Shakespearean speech for that amount of money. Is her answer enough for you that she will release it when all the Republicans and Democrats do?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator Sanders, I just want to show the audience, you sent a tweet, I want to return to trade.You sent a tweet on Thursday, this is the tweet, I'm showing it to viewers. It says the people of Detroit know the real costs of Hillary Clinton's free trade policies. It shows pictures of crumbling buildings. It seems like you're blaming her for the situation in Detroit.
 But, you're calling them Hillary Clinton's failed trade policies.
 Secretary Clinton?
 ... Senator Sanders...
 ... I just want to explain to viewers what the Export- Import Bank is, in case everybody is not quite as wonkish as everybody on this stage here.The Export-Import Bank, it's a federal agency, it gives loans to companies that export American products. Senator Sanders, you do oppose it. The vast majority of the bank's customers are small businesses, 176 right here in Michigan. What do you say to small business owners....
 ... Who rely on the banks to make their company profitable...
 Senator...
 Senator Sanders, you are the only member of the Democratic caucus to vote against it. You're agreeing with Senator Ted Cruz on this, why is he right and the Democrats wrong?
 Secretary Clinton?
 I'm going to let you respond but I just want to push back on this. Senator Sanders is correct, the majority of the money does go Boeing, does go to companies like Caterpillar. Do they need this money?
 Thank you.Senator sanders?
 Thank you, Senator Sanders. Secretary Clinton, 30 seconds and we have to take a break. So 30 seconds if you can.
 We have to take a break. We will continue this discussion. We have a lot more to talk about. We will take a short break. We have more of the Presidential Democratic Debate from Flint, Michigan when we come back.
 And welcome back to the CNN Democratic presidential debate, live here in Flint, Michigan. We want to continue the discussion now  we're gonna turn to the subject of crime.As most of you know, two weeks ago, an Uber driver in Kalamazoo, which is two hours from where we are tonight, went on a shooting rampage, killing six people, injuring two people.One of the injured was a 14-year-old girl. Her name is Abigail Kopf. She was shot in the head, her heart stopped, she was on life support  looked like she might  might not make it. But amazingly, Abigail pulled through. Her father......her father Gene Kopf is here tonight. And I know, Gene, you have a question. But before you ask your question, I just want to ask, how is Abigail doing tonight?QUESTION She is now laughing and giggling, but she has a long road of physical recovery.
 I should point out you are leaning toward Senator Sanders, but I know you have a question that applies to both candidates. We'll first toss it to Secretary Clinton. What's your question?QUESTION The United States has had a rash of mass shootings over the years  42 shootings in the United States this year alone. The man who shot everyone, including my daughter, in Kalamazoo, had no mental health issues recorded, and had a clear background.What do you plan to do to address this serious epidemic? I don't want to hear anything about tougher laws for mental health or criminal backgrounds, because that doesn't work.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you.
 I want to go to Senator Sanders.Senator Sanders?
 Senator Sanders, Secretary Clinton mentioned the so- called Charleston loophole. What she is calling the Charleston loophole. Is that something, if you were president, you would you work to extend that three day?
 So you would want a longer than three days waiting period?
 Secretary Clinton  actually, Senator Sanders, let me continue to follow-up, because Secretary Clinton mentioned the liability.Right now, families of Sandy Hook victims announced that they are going to sue Remington, who made the AR-15 which was used in the Newtown massacre.Now, they believe  those families believe that  that Remington, the distributors, the sellers  should be held legally responsible for how that gun  how their product is used.Now, the lawsuit may not go anywhere because of the bill you voted for  legislation that prevents gun makers from being sued. Tonight, what do you say to those families?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary...
 ... Secretary...
 Senator Sanders.
 We're gonna move on.
 We're gonna move on. Dawn...
 Senator Sanders...
 Senator Sanders.
 We're going to move on. Don Lemon?LEMON Alright, thank you very much, Anderson.As a black man in America, if I were born today I'd have a one in three chance of ending up in prison in my life. Secretary Clinton, on the campaign trail, you are calling for an end to the era of mass incarceration, but a lot of folks in the black community blame the 1994 Crime Bill, a bill you supported for locking up a generation of black men.Given what's happened since 1994, why should black people trust you to get it right this time?
 Thank you very much. I want to go to David Mcghee. David Mcghee runs a youth development program director and he is undecided, but his question is for Senator Sanders. David?QUESTION We live in a diverse nation. Opportunities to lead however to be frank, are often at the feet at older Caucasian men and women.
 In a speech about policing, the FBI director borrowed a phrase from Avenue Q saying," everybody is a little racist." So on a personal front, what racial blind spots do you have?
 We're...
 Thank you Senator. We have to take a short break. The Democratic presidential discussion and debate continues here from Flint in just a moment.
 And welcome back. Welcome back to the CNN Democratic presidential debate, here live in Flint, Michigan. Let's  let's move on to the subject of education.In nearby Detroit, the public schools have become a national symbol of neglect and failure. That school system is $3.5 billion in debt. Officials say they could run out of money by April.I want to bring in Shoniqua Kemp. She's right here  Ms. Kemp. Her 14-year-old daughter Imani is a student in Detroit. Shoniqua is one of ten parents suing Detroit public schools  not for money, she says, but to improve conditions.She says she's currently leaning towards Senator Sanders. Her question will go to both of you, but we'll start with Senator Sanders. Ms. Kemp?QUESTION Thank you. Speaking of opportunities for success, in Detroit, schools open and close with no accountability to  or transparency to the communities that it  they service.Not only that  in our schools, as you've stated, we have issues with rats, mold, no working water fountains, not to mention non- certified teachers, lack of accountability around transportation and special education, and so much more.QUESTION With that said, our students can no longer suffer due to lack of these things, or having these dilapidated issues take place. So, my question is who's going to step up? Who's going to ensure that the policies procedures are put in place that will ensure, and bring forth a successful future for our students because my daughter cannot wait eight more years for success to take place at your hands. At the leader's hands.
 Senator Sanders, let's start with you.
 Senator Sanders, before we go to Secretary Clinton  Senator Sanders, let me just follow up with you. As president, you have to decide where to spend your political capital. There's a lot of things you want to do, where does fixing Mrs. Kim's daughter's school and other schools, where does that lay in your list of things to do...
 Secretary Clinton?
 ...
 Let me just follow up with the Secretary and then I'll come back to you.Secretary Clinton, you've been endorsed by two of the biggest teachers' unions. There's an awful lot of great teachers in this country. It's an incredibly difficult job, one of the most difficult jobs there is but union rules often make it impossible fire bad teachers and that means disadvantaged kids are sometimes taught by the least qualified. Do you think unions protect bad teachers?
 So just to follow up, you don't believe unions protect bad teachers?
 Senator Sanders?
 Thank you Senator.
 I want to go over to my colleague, Don Lemon.LEMON Anderson, thank you very much.Secretary, I want to turn now from the state of our nation's school to the state of our nation's crumbling infrastructure, which you talked a little bit about in the beginning of this debate. But beyond the Detroit schools and Flint water crisis; pipes, roads, and bridges are in need of repair. It would take trillions of dollars to fix it all. Senator Sanders has proposed a one trillion dollar plan but yours is only a quarter of that, is your plan big enough to fix the crumbling infrastructure in this country?
 Thank you  thank you, Senator Sanders.The issue of climate change has been a major talking point for both of you. I wanted to bring in Sarah Bellaire, she's a student at the University of Michigan at Dearborn who says she's currently undecided.Ms. Bellaire has a question on fracking, which, for viewers, is a process of oil and gas drilling that's led to a significant increase in American energy production and jobs, but also raises serious environmental concerns.Sarah, your question is for Secretary Clinton, but you'll both be able to weigh in. Sarah?QUESTION Fracking can lead to environmental pollution including, but not limited to, the contamination of water supply. Do you support fracking?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator Sanders, you...
 Senator...
 Senator Sanders, though......to Secretary Clinton's point, there are a number of Democratic governors in many states who say that fracking can be done safely, and that it's helping their economies. Are they wrong?
 Secretary Clinton, before we come to you...
 Secretary Clinton's gonna be able to respond. But, Senator Sanders, you've been very tough lately. Last week, you said this about Secretary Clinton.Quote, "just as I believe you can't take on Wall Street while taking their money, I don't believe you can take on climate change effectively while taking money from those who would profit off the destruction of the planet."Are you suggesting that she's in the pocket of the fossil fuel industry?
 Thank you, Senator.Secretary Clinton?
 Senator Sanders, on the  on the campaign trail, Senator Sanders often refers to a fundraiser in January that was hosted by executives from a firm that has invested significantly in domestic fracking. Do you have any comment on that?
 Senator Sanders.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you very much, Senator.
 Secretary Clinton, no, we have to go.
 More questions coming up. Much more of the Democratic presidential debate here in Flint right after this.
 Welcome back to the CNN Democratic Presidential Debate. Thanks very much for joining us.Secretary Clinton, I want to ask you about something you talked about this morning. You said this morning, about your emails, that you expect the investigation to be wrapped up soon. The Republican front-runner, Donald Trump says, he's going to talk about your emails every single day if he is the nominee and out on the campaign trail.Democrats want to know, your supporters want to know, if you're the nominee, how are you going to take him on?
 Senator Sanders, I want to ask you basically the same question. He's called you a communist, how are you going to...
 Thank you.
 Thank you. I want to  we have a question from Denise Ghattas, she grew up here in Flint, Michigan. She says she's undecided on a candidate, she's got a question for  actually she's got two questions. The first one if for Senator Sanders, then she'll ask another question to Secretary Clinton. Denise?QUESTION Thank you. Senator Sanders, do you believe that God is relevant, why or why not?
 Senator Sanders, let me just follow up. Just this weekend there was an article I read in the Detroit News saying that you keep your Judaism in the background, and that's disappointing some Jewish leaders. Is that intentional?
 Denise has a question for Secretary Clinton. DeniseQUESTION Yes. Secretary Clinton, during our church services, we pray for the president of the United States, we pray for the armed forces, we pray for all civil authorities, three times during our liturgy. And we give thanks to them. We pray for our loved ones. We pray for our enemies. To whom and for whom do you pray?
 Thank you, secretary. It's time for closing statements. You'll each have one minute for a closing statement. Senator Sanders, we begin with you.
 Thank you, senator.Secretary Clinton?
 I want to thank both the candidates. While we've been debating tonight, CNN has learned that a labor union fund has committed $25 million in low-interest loans to help replace lead- contaminated pipes.I want to thank the candidates, the Democratic National Committee......our hosts here at the Flint Cultural Center, and most of all, the people of Flint. Just two days from now, it's another Super Tuesday, when Michigan and three other states have primaries. We'll have all-day coverage.On Wednesday we'll simulcast the next Democratic presidential debate. We'll air on CNN in English, and then on Univision in Spanish. And on Thursday, CNN hosts a Republican presidential debate in Miami  the last one before the critical Florida and Ohio primaries.We'll have full analysis of tonight's debate in one hour. Right now, please stay tuned for the premiere of a brand-new CNN original series about great American presidential races. Here is The Race for the White House.
 Good evening, and thank you. We are happy to welcome you to Milwaukee for this Democratic debate.We are especially pleased to thank our partners at Facebook, who have helped us set up a vibrant conversation among voters who are undecided. And tonight you're going to hear some of their questions for the candidates. And you can follow along at home on the PBS NewsHour page on Facebook. We also want to thank our hosts, the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, on whose campus we meet, here in the beautiful Helen Bader Concert Hall.
 We want to also extend our warm thanks to Milwaukee Public Radio and Milwaukee Public Television, as well as all of our friends at the PBS member stations across the country tuning in tonight. This is the sixth time the Democrats have met face to face. Each time, we learn more about them and the presidents they say they want to be. You know you're watching  whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, or neither  because you believe the outcome of the election is important to you. And we believe that, too. With that, let's welcome the candidates to the stage. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
 Welcome, Senator, great to see you. And former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.  Very good to be here with you.
 Welcome to you both.
 Now, a word about format. There will be two short breaks, and the rules are simple 90 seconds for each answer and 30 seconds for the other candidate to respond.
 With Iowa and New Hampshire behind us, we are now broadening the conversation to America's heartland and beyond, including here in Wisconsin. Now let's turn to the candidates for their opening statements. The order was decided by coin toss. And, Senator Sanders, you go first.
 Thank you, Senator Sanders.  Thank you, Senator Sanders. Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you both.  Thank you both. And we'll be right back after a short break to begin questions.
 And, welcome back to this PBS Newshour debate, Democratic debate, here in Milwaukee. Let's get right to the questions. Senator Sanders, to you first. Coming off the results in Iowa and New Hampshire, there are many voters who are taking a closer look at you, and your ideas, and they're asking how big a role do you foresee for the federal government? It's already spending 21% of the entire U.S. economy. How much larger would government be in the lives of Americans under a Sanders presidency?
 But, my question is how big would government be? Would there be any limit on the size of the role of government...
 Final thought, Senator.
 I'd like to move along. I'd like to move along. Secretary Clinton, you might  you also have proposed fairly expansive ideas about government. You may remember this pledge from a State of the Union Address at which I believe you were present, in which these words were said "The era of big government is over." You may remember that. When asked your feelings about the federal government this week, 61 percent of New Hampshire Democrats told exit pollsters that they are angry or at least dissatisfied. Given what you and Senator Sanders are proposing, an expanding government in almost every area of our lives, is it fair for Americans who fear government to fear you?
 But I haven't heard either of you put a price tag on your  you say...
 Senator?
 Next, we're going to...
 Very brief, thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, your campaign  you and your campaign have made a clear appeal to women voters. You have talked repeatedly about the fact, we know you would be, if elected, the first woman president. But in New Hampshire 55 percent of the women voters supported and voted for Senator Sanders. What are women missing about you?
 As you know, just quickly, as you know, your strong supporter, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, said the other day that there's a special place in Hell for women who don't support other women. Do you agree with what she said?
 Senator Sanders, you're in the minority, but we still want to hear from you. [laughter]
 Senator, do you worry at all that you will be the instrument of thwarting history, as Senator Clinton keeps claiming, that she might be the first woman president?
 Final comment.
 Thank you both.We turn now to the first of several questions from our partners at Facebook. They were selected from a curated group of people we've been following of undecided voters. The first comes from Claudia Looze, a 54-year-old woman who works as a program manager at a public affairs cable network in Madison, Wisconsin. And she writes "Wisconsin is number one in African-American male incarceration, according to a University of Wisconsin study. They found that Wisconsin's incarceration rate for black men, which is at 13 percent, was nearly double the country's rate. What can we do across the nation to address this?" Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton, I was talking recently with a 23 year old black woman who voted for President Obama because she said she thought relations between the races would get better under his leadership, and his example. Hardly anyone believes that they have. Why do you think race relations would be better under a Clinton presidency? What would you do that the nation's first African American has not been able to?
 Senator Sanders?
 So race relation was be better under a Sanders presidency than they've been?
 Let me turn this on its head, because when we talk about race in this country, we always talk about African-Americans, people of color. I want to talk about white people, OK?
 I know. [laughter] So many people will be surprised to find out that we are sitting in one of the most racially polarized metropolitan areas in the country. By the middle of this century, the nation is going to be majority nonwhite. Our public schools are already there. If working-class, white Americans are about to be outnumbered, are already underemployed in many cases, and one study found they are dying sooner, don't they have a reason to be resentful, Senator  Secretary Clinton?
 Senator  Senator, I want you to respond to that, but I also want you to  am I wrong? Is it even right to be describing this as a matter of race?
 Thank you. Senator Sanders, one of the causes of anxiety for working class Americans is connected to immigrants. President Obama, as you know, has issued executive actions to permit some 5 million undocumented immigrants who are living now in the United States to come out of the shadows without fear of deportation to get work permits. Would you go further than that? And if so, how specifically would you do it? Should an undocumented family watching this debate tonight, say, in Nevada, rest easy, not fear of further deportations under a Sanders presidency?
 I'd like...
 If you would allow me now to move on, we've been talking about children. I want to talk about seniors. That takes us to our second Facebook question from Farheen Hakeem, who writes, "My father"  she's a 40-year-old woman who works for a nonprofit here in Milwaukee. And she writes, "My father gets just $16 in food assistance per month as part of Medicaid's family community program in Milwaukee County for low-income seniors. How will you as president work to ensure low-income seniors get their basic needs met?" Start with you, Senator Sanders.
 We're going to move on. Secretary Clinton, your campaign has recently ramped up criticism of Senator Sanders for attending Democratic Party fundraisers from which you say he benefited. But nearly half of your financial sector donations appear to come from just two wealthy financiers, George Soros and Donald Sussman, for a total of about $10 million.You have said that there's no quid pro quo involved. Is that also true of the donations that wealthy Republicans give to Republican candidates, contributors including the Koch Brothers?
 I'm asking if Democratic donors are different than Republican donors.
 Senator Sanders, are you saying...
 We have to go to a break. We...
 All right. Thank you both. It is time for a break. And when we come back, we're going to turn to some new topics, including how these candidates will keep America safe.
 There's a lot more to come in just a few minutes. Stay with us for more of the PBS NewsHour Democratic Debate.
 Welcome back to the Democratic presidential debate. Before we return to our questions, we have a follow-up question from our Facebook group. And it is to Senator Sanders. Senator, it comes from Bill Corfield. He is a 55-year-old musician from Troy, Ohio. And he asks "Are there any areas of government you would like to reduce?"
 How about you, Senator Clinton  Secretary Clinton?
 We spent the first part of this debate talking about domestic insecurity. The second part, we want to talk about our foreign policy insecurities. And we want to start with a question for you, Secretary Clinton, about America's role in the world. Americans are becoming increasingly worried that attacks abroad are coming home, that they already are, in fact, here. According to exit polls from last week, from earlier this week, more than two-thirds of Democrats in New Hampshire are concerned about sending their children to fight in wars they can't win. They fret that the next attack is just around the corner and we are not ready. Are we?
 Senator Sanders...
 Just a final word.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator, let me  let me move on to another country with which the U.S. has a complicated relationship, Senator Sanders, and that's Russia. On the one hand, we're aware that Russia is a country that the United States needs to cooperate with.Just tonight, Secretary of State John Kerry has announced what appears to be an agreement with the Russians to lead  that could lead toward a ceasefire in Syria, would be the first cessation of conflict in that country, in that civil war in five years, but it comes at a very high price, because not only have all  have we seen the deaths, the removal of so many people, millions of people, we now see the Russians in the last few weeks have bombed in a way that benefits President Assad, has not gone after ISIS. So my question to you is, when it comes to dealing with Russia, are you prepared  how hard are you prepared to be? Are you prepared to institute further economic sanctions? Would you be prepared to move militarily if Russia moves on Eastern Europe? It seems to me that Russia recently has gotten the better of the United States.
 Let me move on. You have both mentioned the humanitarian tragedies which have been an outgrowth in part of what has happened in Syria and in Libya. More than a million refugees entered Europe in 2015. Another 76,000 just last month, that is about 2,000 arrivals every day. Nearly 400 people have been lost at sea so far this year, crossing the Mediterranean. And there are reports that 10,000 children are missing. If we are leaders in this world, where should the U.S. be on this? What should the United States be doing, Secretary Clinton?
 And we have a final question from our Facebook family. And it goes to Senator Sanders. It comes from Robert Andrews. He's a 40-year-old stay-at-home dad in Dover, Massachusetts. He says, "The world has seen many great leaders in the course of human history. Can you name two leaders  one American and one foreign  who would influence your foreign policy decisions? And why do you see them as  why are they influential?"
 Senator, if you would like respond to  you may respond to that but it is time for closing statements and you can use your time for closing statements to do that.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you. Thank you Senator Clinton. Thank you, Senator Sanders. We also want to thank our partners at Facebook and our hosts here at the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee.
 And we want to thank our audience, our quiet audience here in Helen Bader Concert Hall, and to all of you watching at home. Thank you all. Stay tuned for analysis of the debate and the overall race for the Democratic nomination. That's coming up next here on PBS stations and online atPBS.org/NewsHour.
 I'm going to remain here in Milwaukee tomorrow evening for a special edition of Washington Week here on PBS.
 And I'm going to be returning to Washington. I hope you'll join us for the PBS NewsHour tomorrow and every night. That's it from all of us here in Milwaukee. We thank you.
 Good night.
 Good evening, and welcome to the MSNBC Democratic candidates debate.
 We are super excited to be here at the University of New Hampshire. Tonight, this is the first time that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have squared off exactly like this. Face-to-face, just one-on-one, just the two of them.
 And neither party has seen this yet. These candidates are both running for the Democratic nomination, but they are very different from each other when it comes to what matters most and how they would go about the job of being president. Our job tonight is to draw out those differences so you, the voters, can understand them and be fully informed.
 And we do hope that the candidates will take this opportunity to show us the distinctionsshow us the differences between them. That's the whole reason that we're here tonight.We're not here for talking points. We're to learn about the difference between the candidates. And with that, let's get going. Please join us in welcoming Secretary Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders.
 First, I want to say a special thanks to the New Hampshire Union Leader for helping make this debate possible, and the readers, who helped provide some of the questions and topics that we'll be addressing tonight.The rules tonight, by the way, are simple 90 seconds for answers, 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals.
 And with that, that's it. We're going to begin with 60- second opening statements from each of the candidates. And as agreed to in advance by the two campaigns, we're going to begin tonight with Senator Sanders.
 Thank you, Senator. Secretary Clinton.
 All right.Let's get started.Secretary Clinton, last night you cited the Concord Monitor when you said of Senator Sanders that, quote, "It's very hard to see how any of his proposals could ever be achievable." So please tell us why you think if he's elected president on a platform of promising things like free public college and universal healthcare, that he cannot achieve those things.
 Thank you, Secretary.Senator Sanders, so just explain how you spent nearly two decades in Congress and haven't gotten any of these things passed. Why do you think as president you'll be able to achieve big, big new programs like this?
 Go.
 Yes, go ahead.
 All right, thank you both. Rachel.
 Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders is campaigning against you now, at this point in the campaign, basically arguing that you are not progressive enough to be the Democratic nominee. He has said that if you voted for the Iraq war, if you are in favor of the death penalty, if you wobbled on things like the Keystone Pipeline or TPP, if you said single payer health care could never happen, then you're too far to the right of the Democratic Party to be the party's standard bearer.Given those policy positions, why should liberal Democrats support you and not Senator Sanders?
 Senator Sanders, have you established a list of what it means to be a progressive that is unrealistic?
 Thank you Senator.
 I'd like to follow up on a comment that Secretary Clinton said, Senator. President Obama has not called for abolishing the death penalty. President Obama is for the big Asian trade deal known as TPP, and just yesterday you said you can't be both a moderate or a progressive, but you can't be both. Is President Obama, in your judgment, based on these policies positions, a progressive?
 ...Secretary Clinton, go ahead...
  30 seconds, and then we'll move.
 Thank you.
 Senator Sanders, as a Vermonter, you have almost a home state advantage here in New Hampshire. But back home across the border, you also have a long history of running against Democrats as a third-party candidate, for governor, Senate, for Congress.In 1988 your candidacy as a third-party candidate arguably cost the Democrats a congressional seat and sent a Republican instead.How can you lead the Democratic Party nationally when you have not been a member of the Democratic Party until very recently?
 Secretary Clinton.
 So, Senator, to that point, Secretary Clinton is raising the issue of endorsements by your home state Democrats. She's implying that that says something about the people who know you best.
 How do you see it?
 Secretary.
 Senator Sanders, you'll have 30 seconds to respond to that.
 ... Secretary, we're gonna...
 Thirty seconds.
 Thank you both.
 Senator Sanders, Secretary Clinton, obviously we've touched a nerve. We're going to be back with more on this subject, and much more, right after this. Stay with us.
 All right, welcome back. Let's get right to it.Senator Sanders, you were talking about all of your campaign contributions and campaign finance reform. You rail against big money in politics. But do you realize there is one public financing system that we do have in place, and it isit is in place to run for president. Why aren't you walking the walk on that?Why aren't you participating in the presidential public financing system which is designed to essentially keep big money out of presidential politics?
 Well, going on that then, why criticize her on Super PACs, and you gotand all this when it isyou know, that's the system? I mean, you could be participating in a publicly-financingpublic financing system...
 ... and being able to setbeing able to set an example.LOSERbut Chuck, it is a public financing system that everybody knows is antiquated. It no longer works. Nobody can become president based on that system. So what's the alternative? There are two alternatives. And, you know, we looked at it. Well, should we do a Super PAC, but I concluded, honestly, I don't represent Corporate America or billionaires, I didn't want it.So the other alternative was to ask working families and the middle class to help out in a transformational campaign. And you know what? We got 3.5 million individual contributions, $27 a piece. I think that's pretty good.
 Secretary Clinton, on the issue of Wall Street...
 ... on the issue of Wall Street, when our reporters go out and talk to people on the ground in the early states, what they tell us over and over again when they find voters who are leaning toward Senator Sanders rather than yourself is that the most frequent area of concern that they hear from those voters is the issue of Wall Street and whether or not you are too close to Wall Street.Last night, when you were asked about speaking fees and the amount of speaking fees you got from Goldman Sachs speeches, you said that's what they offered.Have you been too dismissive of voters' concerns about this issue in your own campaign and your own career?
 Senator Sanders, you have been a critic of Secretary Clinton taking those speaking fees and having donations from Wall Street. What about her defense of her record?
 ... she has had more people praise her plan than yours.
 Thank you both. Let me move on to our next question here, and in fact it comes to us through New England Cable News.Secretary Clinton, it's addressed to you, and it's about this issue of the speeches, particularly to Goldman Sachs. This is what the questioner wrote verbatim."I am concerned with the abuses of Wall Street has taken with the American taxpayers money," and then she asks whether you would release the transcripts of your Goldman Sachs speeches, and then added, "Don't you think the voting public has a right to know what was said?"But, let's make that bigger. Are you willing to release the transcripts of all your paid speeches? We do know through reporting that there were transcription services for all of those paid speeches. In full disclosure, would you release all of them?
 Senator, you sound like you want to respond. Go ahead.
 Senator Sanders, let me turn to, I think, where this direction is heading anyway, which is the broader issue of big business and power in our political system. You on the campaign trail have railed against big name American corporations like Boeing, and General Electric, and Wal Mart. But, some big businesses in this country have also been part of advancing progressive goals like that nationwide initiative to expand employment opportunities for veterans. That was all about cooperation between the Obama administration and some very big business. The Affordable Care Act, some of the thorniest problems in that bill were worked out in cooperation with big business in order to accomplish progressive goals.Could you work with them, or have you made enemies of big business in this country with the way you've approached them in this campaign?
 Senator Sanders, thank you.And with that, we're going to take a break.
 We'll be right back. And we're going to get to trade and a lot of other issues.
 Welcome backwelcome back to the Democratic candidates' debate. We're going to be talking about America in the world, both in terms of some trade issues, but also national security.And Secretary Clinton, we're going to start with you. There are more than 4,000 American troops back in Iraq right now as part of the fight against ISIS. It has been 15 straight years of wars and multiple deployments for America's military families, who have borne such a disproportionate burden.Is President Obama right to keep escalating the number of U.S. troops that's fighting ISIS right now?
 To be clear, to the specific question, if that strategic goal that you're describing requires considerably more of Americansan ever-increasing number of Americans in Iraq and maybe in Syria, are you OK with the numbers increasing?
 Thank you, Madam Secretary.
 Go ahead, Senator Sanders30 seconds, your response.
 All right. Senator, I want to stay, though...
 Go ahead. 30 seconds.
 Let meletwe're gonnawe're stayingwe're staying basically on this topic. Obviously you've been emphasizing this difference on the Iraq war, but one place where you do agree, and one place where you voted to authorize the use of force, was in favor of the war in Afghanistan.Right now, it is possible President Obama is going to be leaving the next president, perhaps President Sanders, at least 10,000 troops in Afghanistan. How long will those troops be in Afghanistan under President Sanders?
 Can you address a question on Afghanistan?How long are these troops going to be there? If President Obama leaves you 10,000 troops, how long do you think they're going to be there?
 Secretary Clinton, 30 seconds How long are these troops going to be in Afghanistan? We have more American troops in Afghanistan than what we were talking about with Iraq.
 You know, Senator Sanders, nobody knows who your foreign policy advisers are. You haven't given a major foreign policy speech. And it doesn't sound like all the time that foreign policy is a priority, other than when you're asked about it, and you say you're going to crush ISIS, as you said last night and earlier.You have not proactively laid out a foreign policy doctrine yet. Why?
 All right, Senator, 30 seconds.
 Secretary Clinton, at theat the last Democratic debate in CharlestonI want to get specific hereSenator Sanders called for moving as aggressively as we can to normalize relations with Iran. Your campaign has criticized him for saying that. Now that he's standing next to you here on this stage, can you explain why the U.S. shouldn't try to normalize relations in Iran in your view?
 30 seconds, madam secretary.
 Alright, as Commander in Chief, Senator Sanders, you've got to prioritize potential threats to the United States. Three countries, North Korea, Iran, Russia. How would you rank them in order of their threat to America's security right now...
 ... Starting with the biggest threat.
 ... I didn't say that...
 ... No...
 ... We already had that. I'm talking about these three countries. How would you orient our national security, our national defense posture.
 Secretary of Defense Ash Carter this week picked one of those three, and he has said Russia is, basically, the most important national security threat. Sort of reorienting the defense and the challenges to that. Do you agree with his decisions...
 Secretary Clinton, what do you think of Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. He's basically putting Russia above Iran, above North Korea, as sort of the chief national security challenge right now.
 Thank you both, Rachel?
 Secretary Clinton, I want to ask you about a national security issue that is closer to home. There are thousands of veterans, over 100,000 veterans living in the state of New Hampshire.If either one of you is nominated as the Democratic Party's nominee, you will likely face a Republican opponent in the general election who wants to privatize or even abolish big parts of the V.A. It's a newly popular idea in conservative politics.How will you win the argument on that issue given the problems that have been exposed at the V.A. in the last few years? What's your argument that the V.A. should still exist and should not be privatized?
 Senator Sanders, you, as a congressional leader on veterans issues and the Veterans Committee, you've worked in a very bipartisan way with Senator John McCain and others on veterans issues. Is the right contour of the fight, the way she's talking about this issue?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Sanders, Secretary Clinton, we're going to take another break. We'll be talking about Social Security and some of those other issues when we come back.
 And we are back. We're gonna get into a little bit of election politics, electability, in a little bit.Senator Sanders, The Iowa Democratic Party has declared Hillary Clinton the winner of Monday's Iowa caucusesnarrowest of margins. Today, the Des Moines Register has an editorial that calls for the audit of the results, saying, quote, "what happened Monday night at the Democratic caucuses was a debacle, period. The results were too close not to do a complete audit."Senator Sanders, do you accept the idea that Hillary Clinton won Iowa? And do youor do you believe the caucuses are still an open question?
 Secretary Clinton, will you participate in some sort of audit, if that's what the party wants to do? You good with that?
 That's fair enough. OK.
 Good, we move on. We're happy with that. We have more questions.
 SenatorSenator Sanders, in 1964...
 In 1964, I heard that the Republicans nominated Barry Goldwater, who was the hero of the conservative movement. He was, however, far to the right of most of that party. In 1972, the Democrats nominated George McGovern, who was a hero of liberals in the antiwar movement, but he was to the left of his party's mainstream.Both of those nominees made activists very excited, and they both got destroyed in the general election. Even Democrats who love you worry about your fate in a general election. And I know you have good head-to-head polling numbers against Republican frontrunners right now. We know that. But do you have a general election strategy that is different than the way you're running right now to try to get the nomination?
 Secretary Clinton, your campaign surrogates, and people who have endorsed you, have suggested that or even said that if Senator Sanders is the nominee, that Democrats will suffer nationwide and the chances will go down of Democrats holding onto the White House. With him here standing next to you, can you tell us whether or not you believe he would win the general election if he were nominated?
 We'll stay on this issue. We'll stay on this topic.Secretary Clinton, just like there are some Democrats that question Senator Sanders' ability in the general election, many Democratic voters that our reporters have been running into in Iowa and New Hampshire, they tell our reporters over and over again they're worried about the emails issue, not because they don't believe your explanation, but because it's a drip-drip, because the cloud is hanging over your head and that it will impact the general election.They see your numbers right now and they think it's the email issue as to why you're not polling very well. So can you reassure these Democrats that somehow the email issue isn't going to blow up your candidacy if you're the nominee?
 All right, Madam Secretary, there is an openthere is an open FBI investigation into this matter about how you may have handled classified material. Are you 100 percent confident that nothing is going to come of this FBI investigation?
 Well, Senator sanders, you famously at the first debate said you didn't give a darn about her emails; I think you used another .
 You're right. I'm trying toit's ait's a family hour still right now. After 1100, I'll say it the other way. And you mostly have refrained from commenting on it, but recently you called it a very serious issue, and then the other day you said well she's getting slapped with the email controversy.Are youhow are you feeling about these darn emails now?
 OK. Senator Sanders, thank you.
 Senator Sanders, thank you. Senator, in December, one of your campaign staffers was fired from your campaign for taking voter data essentially from the Clinton campaign. You apologized for that when the incident was made public.Your campaign has now been criticized for its operatives essentially impersonating culinary union members wearing union pins in Nevada, and the Nashua Telegraph has complained recently that you falsely implied in an advertisement that they had endorsed you when they did not.None of these issues obviously is the end of the world, but they all are of a piece. Are you in some sense losing control of your campaign?
 Just to follow up on that, the title of the ad in question was Endorsement.
 Secretary Clinton, do you want 30 seconds on that issue?
 And with that, we will .
 Welcome back to the University of New Hampshire, and the Democratic candidates' debate.Secretary Clinton, on the issue of the death penalty, here in New Hampshire, the one person who is on death row is there for killing a police officer. It's a crime that has caused anguish in this state, both among death penalty opponents and death penalty supporters.The last time I had the chance to talk with you on this issue, on the death penalty, you said that capital punishment has a place in a very few federal cases, but you also said you would breathe a sigh of relief if the Supreme Court abolished the death penalty nationwide. Tonight, do you still support capital punishment, even if you do so reluctantly?
 Senator Sanders, you have singled out the death penalty, and Senator Clinton's support for the death penalty, as an issue that makes it hard to consider as progressive in your mind...
 Another issue related to the proper role of government, and in this case, specifically the role of government between the federal government and the states. I want to talk for a moment about the issue of Flint, Michigan. On the Flint lead poisoning disaster, you have both been highly critical of Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan, and how the state in Michigan both caused the lead poisoning problem, and has not acted fast enough to fix it. You have both been outspoken on that.The fact is that Michigan though has not fixed it. There is no door to door delivery of clean water in Flint even today. Not a single lead pipe has been replaced in Flint, even today. If the state is failing, would you, Secretary Clinton, would you as President order a federal response to get it right over and above the wishes of the state?
 Senator Sanders are there things the President could be doing? President Obama could be ordering, done, right now, in Flint, Michigan that are not being done that you as President would do?
 Senator, thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, let me turn to the issue of trade. In the '90s you supported NAFTA. But you opposed it when you ran for the president in 2008. As secretary of state, you supported TPP, and thenwhich, of course, is that trade agreement with a lot of Asian countries, but you now oppose it as you make your second bid for president.If elected, should Democrats expect that once you're in office you will then become supportive of these trade agreements again?
 Well, Senator Sanders, I know you want to respond on this, you have never supported a trade deal since you've been in Congress.
 But if you do that as president...If you do that as president, how are you not essentially letting China, who will do all of these deals around the world, how are you going to prevent China from essentially setting the rules of trade for the world?
 All right. Thank you both.We're going to sneak in one more break here, and when we come back we'll squeeze as many questions as we can before we end this thing. We'll be right back.
 All right. Welcome back here in the final minutes.
 The home stretch.
 The home stretch of this only Democratic debate in the final week before the primary.Let me start with you, Secretary Clinton, on this question. Obviously, President Obama got a lot of ambitious stuff done in his first year and a half. You're going to have to make choices. And there's a lot of heavy lifts. And he made choices. He did healthcare and it came at the expense, arguably, of immigration reform. Had he put immigration reform first, perhaps that gets done and healthcare doesn't.So there are three big lifts that you've talked about immigration, gun reform, climate change. What do you do first? Because you know the first one is the one you have the best shot at getting done.
 All right, but Senator Sanders......you've still got to do something first. As you know, history saidshows what you pick first is your best shot at getting, and how you prioritize things.
 Immigration reform, for instance, fell by the wayside in the first term because of this.
 OK. Thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, Republicans, particularly in campaign years, often talk about which departments of governmentwhich agencies of government they would get rid of if they were elected president. The EPA, the Department of Education, the Commerce Department, oopsisis there a department of government that you would get rid of? Or is there a whole new one that you would create?
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton.WINNERit will actually raise wages. You have to make all those connections so that you've got people with you every step of the way. That's what I want to do.
 Thank you very much. Thank you.
 All right, before we go, I want to ask each one of these. Secretary Clinton, you've made it clear when you look at Senator Sanders, you do not see a president, but do you see
 But do you seedo you see a vice president? [laughter]
 Would you unite the party by trying to pick Senator Sanders as your running mate?
 Senator, would you consider the secretary?
 Secretary Clinton, closing statements. You are first.
 Thank you, Madam Secretary. Senator Sanders.
 Well, there you have it. I promise you, Rachel and I have a lot more questions, but we just don't have any more time, unless we could  a third hour, but I don't think so.Our debate coverage debate coverage will continue in just a moment with our colleague .And we want to thank all of you for being here, and we want to thank the two candidates for taking part in this important event.
 We also want to thank our host, the University of New Hampshire, and the people of New Hampshire. You guys get to vote in just five days. I can't wait to see how it turns out. Don't screw up.
 We'll see you in a few minutes. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Good evening and welcome to the NBC News Youtube Democratic candidate's debate. After all the campaigning, soon, Americans will have their say with the first votes of the 2016 campaign just 15 days away in Iowa. And New Hampshire not far behind.Tonight will be the final opportunity to see these candidates face to face before the voting begins. Our purpose here tonight is to highlight and examine the differences among the three Democratic candidates. So let's get started.Please welcome Secretary Hillary Clinton, Senator Bernie Sanders and Governor Martin O'Malley.Well, welcome to all of you. Hope you're excited, we're excited. We want to thank our hosts, the Congressional Black Caucus Institute. I'm joined by my colleague Andrea Mitchell tonight. The rules are simple. Sixty seconds for answers, 30 seconds for follow-ups or rebuttals. I know you'll all keep exactly to time, so our job should be pretty easy here tonight. We'll have questions from the Youtube community throughout the debate.This is a critical point in the race. You've been defining your differences with each other especially vigorously in the last week on the campaign trail. We're here to facilitate this conversation on behalf of the voters so that they know exactly where you stand as you face off tonight. Let's have a great debate.We'll begin with 45 second opening statements from each candidate, starting with Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you. Senator Sanders, your opening statement, sir.
 Senator, thank you.And Governor O'Malley, your opening statement, sir.
 All right. And Governor, thank you.All right, to our first question, now. The first question, I'll be addressing to all of the candidates.President Obama came to office determined to swing for the fences on health care reform. Voters want to know how you would define your presidency? How would you think big? So complete this sentence in my first 100 days in office, my top three priorities will be  fill in the blank.Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton, same question, my first 100 days in office, my top three priorities will be.
 Governor O'Malley, same question.
 Thank you. You've all...
 All right governor thank you.We've all laid out large visions and we're going to cover a lot of the ground you talked about as we continue in the evening. The last couple of weeks of this campaign have featured some of the sharpest exchanges in the race. Let's start with one of them, the issue of guns.Senator Sanders, last week Secretary Clinton called you quote, "a pretty reliable vote for the gun lobby." Right before the debate you changed your position on immunity from lawsuits for gun manufacturers, can you tell us why?
 Senator, but you didn't answer the question that you did change your position on immunity from gun manufacturers. So can you...
 Secretary Clinton, would you like to respond to Senator Sanders.
 All right, Governor O'Malley, you signed tough gun control measures as governor of Maryland and there are a lot Democrats in the audience here in South Carolina who own guns. This conversation might be worrying many of them. They may be hearing, "you want to take my guns. What would you say to them?
 Alright, Governor, thank you.Secretary Clinton, this is a community that has suffered a lot of heartache in the last year. Of course, as you mentioned, the church shootings. We won't forget the video of Walter Scott being shot in the back while running from police.We understand that a jury will decide whether that police officer was justified, but it plays straight to the fears of many African American men that their lives are cheap. Is that perception, or in your view, is it reality?
 You time is up.Senator Sanders, my next question is...
 ... It's actually  actually my next question is to you...
 Senator Sanders...
 Senator. Senator Sanders...
 ... Just over a week ago the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus endorsed Secretary Clinton, not you. He said that choosing her over you was not a hard decision. In fact, our polling shows she's beating you more than two to one among minority voters. How can you be the nominee if you don't have that support?
 Governor, I'm going to come to you in a second.Google searches for the words, "Black Lives Matter" surpassed, "civil rights movement". And, here in South Carolina, "black lives matter" was the number one trending political issue.MODERATOR Governor O'Malley, you've campaigned on your record as governor of Maryland, and before that, the mayor of Baltimore. Last year, of course, Baltimore was rocked by violent unrest in the wake of the death of Freddie Gray.And right from the start of your campaign, you've been dogged by those who blame your tough-on-crime, so-called zero tolerance policies as mayor for contributing to that unrest. What responsibility do you bear?
 All right. Let's talk...
 Let's talk more about policing and the criminal justice system. Senator Sanders, a few times tonight we're going to hear from some of the most prominent voices on YouTube, starting with Franchesca Ramsey, who tackles racial stereotypes through her videos. Let's watch.[begin video clip]FRANCHESCA RAMSEY Hey, I'm Franchesca Ramsey. I believe there's a huge conflict of interest when local prosecutors investigate cases of police violence within their own communities.For example, last month, the officers involved in the case of 12- year-old Tamir Rice weren't indicted. How would your presidency ensure that incidents of police violence are investigated and prosecuted fairly?[end video clip]
 Senator Sanders.
 Would you like me to read it back to you?
 Prosecutors  "I believe there's a huge conflict of interest when local prosecutors investigate cases of police violence within their communities. Most recently, we saw this with a non- indictment of the officers involved in the case of 12-year-old Tamir Rice. How would you presidency ensure incidents of police violence are investigated and prosecuted fairly?"
 Secretary Clinton, this question is for you. Tonight parts of America are in the grip of a deadly heroin epidemic, spanning race and class, hitting small towns and cities alike. It has become a major issue in this race.In a lot of places where you've been campaigning, despite an estimated trillion dollars spent, many say the war on drugs has failed. So what would you do?
 And that's time.
 Senator...
 Senator Sanders, would you like to respond?
 That's...
 ... time.
 We're going to get into all that coming up.
 But we're going to take a break and we need to take a break...
 ... and when we come back, the anger brewing in America.
 Welcome back to Charleston. Let's turn to another area where there has been fierce disagreement  that would be health care.Senator Sanders and Secretary Clinton, you both mentioned it in your 100-day priorities.Let's turn to my colleague, Andrea Mitchell now to lead that questioning.MITCHELL Thank you, Lester.Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders favors what he calls "Medicare for all." Now, you said that what he is proposing would tear up Obamacare and replace it.Secretary Clinton, is it fair to say to say that Bernie Sanders wants to kill Obamacare?
 And that's time. We're gonna take a turn now.Secretary Clinton, in his final State of the Union address, President Obama said his biggest regret was his inability to bring the country together. If President Obama couldn't do it, how will you?
 That's time. Senator Sanders, response.
 That's time. But let me continue with the...
 Senator Sanders, let me continue, you call yourself a Democratic socialist...
 And throughout your career in politics, you've been critical of the Democratic party, you've been saying in a book you wrote, quote, "There wasn't a hell of a big difference between the the two major parties." How would you will a general election...
 How will you win a general election labeling yourself a democratic socialist?
 Yes, but senator, you can...
 And that is right.
 Secretary Clinton, our next question is for you. Here's another quantitative problem.
 And we're going to get into that coming up. But Secretary Clinton, here's a question from YouTube. It's from a young video blogger who has over 5 million subscribers. He has a question about the importance of younger voters.[begin video clip]FRANTA Hi, I'm Connor Franta, I'm 23 and my audience is around the same age. Getting my generation to vote should be a priority for any presidential candidate.Now I know Senator Sanders is pretty popular among my peers, but what I want to know is, how are all of you planning on engaging us further in this election?[end video clip]
 Secretary Clinton.
 That's time...
 A quick follow up  a thirty second follow up.Why is Senator Sanders beating you to 2 to 1 among younger votes?
 We're going to take...
 We're going to take a break. When we come back; big banks, big business and big differences among the three candidates on the American Economy. We'll be right back.
 Welcome back from Charleston. Let's turn now to the economy.Senator Sanders, you released a tough new ad last week in which without mentioning Secretary Clinton by name, you talk about two Democratic visions for regulating Wall Street. "One says it's OK to take millions from big banks and tell them what to do. My plan, break up the big banks, close the tax loopholes and make them pay their fair share."What do you see as the difference between what you would do about the banks and what Secretary Clinton would do?
 Secretary Clinton, help the voter understand the daylight between the two of you here.
 Senator Sanders, your response.
 That's time.Governor O'Malley...
 I have a question for you...
 Thirty-second response.
 Governor O'Malley.
 Secretary Clinton, 30-second response.
 That's time.Andrea.
 ... Senator...
 We have got a lot to ground to cover here.Many Democratic voters are passionate about the need to do something to combat the threat of climate change, including the team of scientists from Youtube's MinuteEarth channel.Here's their take.[begin video clip]ANNOUNCER Hello from MinuteEarth. Fossil fuels have long kept our cars moving and our light bulbs lit.But we know that burning these fuels releases heat-trapping gases that are warming the planet, causing seas to rise and contributing to extreme weather events, like South Carolina's devastating flooding last year.Fighting human-caused climate change means giving up our global addiction to fossil fuels and shifting the bulk of the world's energy supply to alternative sources.Some countries have acted decisively to make this transition. But here at home, we still get a whooping 82 percent of our energy from coal, oil, and natural gas.In the U.S., political gridlock, pressure from industry lobbyists and insufficient R&D have made an already tough battle against climate change even tougher.[end video clip]
 Senator Sanders, Americans love their SUVs, which spiked in sales last year as gas prices plummeted.How do you convince Americans that the problem of climate change is so urgent that they need to change their behavior?
 Governor O'Malley, 30 seconds.
 That's time. We're going to take a break.
 When we return, the late-breaking developments regarding Iran. The threat of ISIS now more real than ever on U.S. soil. Americans in fear and hearing few good answers.We'll be right back.
 Charleston, Andrea Mitchell has questions now starting with Iran.MITCHELL Thank you Lester.Senator Sanders, the nuclear deal is now enforced. Iran is getting it's billions of dollars, several Americans who have been held are now going to be heading home. The president said today, "it's a good day. It's a good day for diplomacy. It's a time now to restore diplomatic relations for the first time since 1979 and actually re- opened a U.S. Embassy in Tehran."
 Senator Sanders mentioned Russia a moment ago. Secretary Clinton, you famously handed Russia's foreign minister a reset button in 2009. Since then, Russia has annexed Crimea, fomented a war in Ukraine, provided weapons that downed an airliner and launched operations, as we just did discuss, to support Assad in Syria. As president, would you hand Vladimir Putin a reset button?
 What's your relationship with him?
 We to want turn right now to the issue of balancing national security concerns with the privacy rights of Americans. That brings us to YouTube and this question.[begin video clip]BROWNLEE Hi, my name Marques Brownlee, and I've been making YouTube videos about electronics and gadgets for the past seven years.I think America's future success is tied to getting all kinds of tech right. Tech companies are responsible for the encryption technology to protect personal data, but the government wants a back door into that information.So do you think it's possible to find common ground? And where do you stand on privacy versus security?[end video clip]
 So, Governor O'Malley.
 That's time.You have all talked about what you would do fighting ISIS over there, but we've been hit in this country by home-grown terrorists, from Chattanooga to San Bernardino, the recent shooting of a police officer in Philadelphia. How are you going to fight the lone wolves here, Senator Sanders?
 That's a question to Senator Sanders. I wasn't clear, I apologize.
 But in terms of lone wolves, the threat, how would you do it?
 We have to go to a  we have to go to a break, and when we come back, we're going to get to some of the burning questions these candidates have yet to answer and are totally eager to talk about.
 And welcome back to Charleston.As we were going to a break, Secretary Clinton, I cut you off. I'll give you 30 seconds to respond on the issue of lone wolves.
 Secretary Clinton.
 And Andrea has a follow-up.
 All right, that's time, and  and we do......we do have to move on.Secretary Clinton, this is the first time...
 Thirty  30  30 seconds, Senator.
 All right. Secretary Clinton......this is the first time that a spouse of a former president could be elected president. You have said that President Clinton would advise you on economic issues, but be specific, if you can. Are you talking about a kitchen-table role on economics, or will he have a real policy role?
 Senator sanders, a 30 second response, sir.
 We will take a break. We'll continue from Charleston right after this.
 Welcome back everybody. Finally, before we go tonight, we set out here to understand points of differences between you. We believe we've learned a lot here, but before we leave, is there anything that you really wanted to say tonight that you haven't gotten a chance to say.And, we'll start with Governor O'Malley. [laughter]Didn't see that coming, did you?
 Sixty seconds, we'd appreciate it.
 And that's time.
 Secretary Clinton?
 And that's time.
 Thank you.Senator Sanders?
 All right. Well thank you and thanks to all of you for being here tonight shedding light on some of the differences as Americans get ready to vote.I also want to thank the Congressional Black Caucus Institute and certainly my friend and colleague, Andrea Mitchell. This has been great. It's been a great spirited conversation and American people appreciate it.
 Good evening to you all. The rules for tonight are very basic and have been agreed to by all three campaigns in advance. Candidates can take up to a minute-and-a-half to respond directly to a question. For a rebuttal, for a follow-up, 45 seconds will be allowed. There are green, yellow, and red lights that each candidate will see to signal when time is running out and when they're supposed to be finished with their answers.
 We will be tackling many critical issues right here tonight, and we begin with opening statements, in alphabetical order, and Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton.Governor O'Malley?
 Senator Sanders.
 Senator Sanders thank you and thank you all.We do have a lot of important issues to get here tonight and we want to address the controversy of the last 24 hours right off the top because we heard some of the most heated rhetoric of the campaign so far between two of the campaigns on this stage tonight.Senator Sanders, you fired a campaign staffer you have sued the Democratic National Committee; all of this after your campaign acknowledge that some of your staffers quote, "irresponsibly accessed data from another campaign." The Clinton campaign called this a very egregious breech of data of ethics and said, quote, "our data was stolen."Did they overstate this or were your staffers essentially stealing part of the Clinton playbook?
 But Senator, you do mention the DNC -- the vender. But you said of your staff that they did the wrong thing.
 So, does Secretary Clinton deserve an apology tonight?
 Secretary Clinton...
 Secretary Clinton, he has apologized. How do your react?
 (?) All three candidates are weighing in.
 Good let's move on -- Senator Sanders, let's move on right to some of those issues.It is just six days before Christmas, as we all know in this country. It's typically a joyful time, as it is this year, as well. But it's also an anxious time. President Obama has acknowledged that what we saw in San Bernardino was an act of terrorism. But we remember the president said, right before Thanksgiving, there is no known specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland.We now know that this couple had assembled an arsenal. They were not on law enforcement's radar. They were completely undetected. So as we approach another holiday, with the president again saying, late this week, no credible threat, Secretary Clinton, how confident should the American people be, that there aren't others like that couple right now in the U.S. going undetected?And what would you do as president to find them?
 (inaudible) Thank you.
 And we're going to break down these issues tonight, but I do want to go to Senator Sanders because the concern going into Christmas is significant, as you know. A new ABC News poll shows 77 percent of Americans have little or no confidence in the government's ability to prevent a lone wolf attack. How would you specifically find would-be terrorist who are going undetected?
 Senator, thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, in the wake of the San Bernardino attack, you all emphasized gun control. But our latest poll shows that more Americans believe arming people, not stricter gun laws, is the best defense against terrorism. Are they wrong?
 Secretary Clinton, can we stick to gun control?
 Are they wrong?
 Senator Sanders -- wait just a moment, please, Governor O'Malley.Senator Sanders, we've seen those long lines of people buying guns in record numbers after the Paris attacks. Would you discourage people from buying a gun?
 Thank you, Senator Sanders.  I think we're going to go on...
 Governor, we have to abide the rules here, we'll call on you here shortly, but...
 But I do want pick up on something...
 Governor, now -- and let me stay with gun control for a minute, then. You talk about assault weapons. Even if you were able to ban the purchase of assault weapons tomorrow, Americans already own an estimated 7 to 10 million semi-automatic rifles.Would you make it illegal to own those weapons, force people to turn them in? And if not, how would banning the sales really make a difference?
 But, again, I'm not talking about buying. Would you have them confiscated? The ones that are already here?
 We will. [laughter]
 But let me just establish that for you, senator. Really quickly governor, we are going to call on you tonight and it's very clear you have a lot to say but please wait until you're called upon. And senator, he invoked your record and I'll let you respond.
 I'll let you respond.
 And you will get some to as well.
 Senator, thank you. I want to move on here. Secretary Clinton, you brought up Donald Trump a short time ago.
 Secretary Clinton, thank you. We're going to move on from guns here and go back to something you mentioned a short time ago. You brought up Donald Trump first here this evening. We've now seen the polling done well after his proposed ban on Muslims coming to America. Thirty-six percent of Americans, more than a third, agree with him.You have weighed in already on Donald Trump. You've weighed in on the proposed ban. But what would you say to the millions of Americans watching tonight who agree with him? Are they wrong?
 Secretary, thank you.Senator Sanders, I did want to ask you about a neighbor in San Bernardino who reportedly witnessed packages being delivered to that couple's home, that it set off red flags, but they didn't report it because they were afraid to profile. What would you say to Americans afraid to profile? Is it ever acceptable?
 But I'm asking about -- I'm asking about profiling. Because a lot of people are afraid of that.
 Senator, thank you.
 I want to move to another...
 No, no, not yet, Governor O'Malley.
 No, not yet, Governor O'Malley.
 I'll come to you when we call on you. Thank you very much.
 You'll be happy. I'll let -- I'll let you talk then.Secretary Clinton, I want to talk about a new terrorist tool used in the Paris attacks, encryption. FBI Director James Comey says terrorists can hold secret communications which law enforcement cannot get to, even with a court order.You've talked a lot about bringing tech leaders and government officials together, but Apple CEO Tim Cook said removing encryption tools from our products altogether would only hurt law-abiding citizens who rely on us to protect their data. So would you force him to give law enforcement a key to encrypted technology by making it law?
 And Governor O'Malley, where do you draw the line between national security and personal security?
 Thank you, Governor O'Malley.
 Martha, we're going to turn now to refugees coming to America. And on the subject of refugees, more than half of all Americans now say they oppose taking in refugees from Syria and across the Middle East.Secretary Clinton, you have said that it would undermine who we are as Americans, shutting our doors. But New Hampshire's governor, where we are right here tonight, a democrat and a supporter of yours, is among more than 30 governors who are now concerned. Governor Maggie Hassan says, "we should halt acceptance of Syrian refugees until U.S. authorities can assure the vetting process, halt Syrian refugees." Is she wrong?
 But a halt?
 Governor O'Malley, obviously you were governor yourself at one time. What would you say to New Hampshire's governor tonight? Is she wrong on this?
 So the idea of a halt or a pause?
 Governor, thank you.
 Senator Sanders -- Senator Sanders, we're going to move on. We're going to move on.
 We're going to move on to the fight against ISIS. You're the one who told us we have to follow the rules and break it off. [laughter]
 OK. Let's keep going. Thank you.
 Thank you. I do want to move to the fight against ISIS.
 For the people of New Hampshire, the brutality of ISIS is personal. James Foley grew up here. The first hostage, a journalist, brutally executed last year. You've all said ISIS is a ruthless enemy and must be stopped. Al Qaida as well.Senator Sanders, you voted to send U.S. ground forces to fight in the coalition to help destroy Al Qaida in Afghanistan. Can you then explain you why don't support sending U.S. combat troops to join a coalition to fight ISIS?
 But why Al Qaida, why not ISIS?
 The administration has tried that over and over again. If it doesn't work and this threat is so great, what's your plan B?
 Secretary Clinton, you too have ruled out a large U.S. combat force, yet you support sending in special operations forces to Syria, and sending those 100 to 200 troops to Iraq to do exploitation kill raids.We've already lost one Delta Force member in a raid. It has looked very much to me like we're already in ground combat on frequent trips I've made there.So, are you fooling Americans when you say, we're not putting American combat troops back into Syria or Iraq?
 Secretary Clinton, I want -- I want to follow up on that. You do support sending special operations forces there. You support what the president has done already. One of the lessons people draw from Vietnam and war since is that a little force can turn into a little more and a little more. President Obama certainly didn't expect to be sending 30,000 additional troops into Afghanistan the first year of his presidency.Are you prepared to run the risk of a bigger war to achieve your goals to destroy ISIS, or are you prepared to give up on those goals if it requires a larger force?
 Governor O'Malley.  You've emphasized the need for more human intelligence on the ground. What is it our intelligence community is not doing now that needs to be done?
 Thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, I'd like to go back to that if I could. ISIS doesn't have aircraft, Al Qaida doesn't have aircraft. So would you shoot down a Syrian military aircraft or a Russian airplane?
 But isn't that a decision you should make now, whether...
 ... if you're advocating this?
 I want to take this to Senator -- I'm going to take this to Senator Sanders next, because I think there...
 Senator, thank you.
 Yeah, but, Secretary Clinton -- Secretary Clinton...
 Senator Sanders, Senator Sanders, hold on. One moment, please. I'm going to ask the secretary here, because there does appear to be some daylight here between the policies, at least in respect to when you take out Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Right now or do you wait? Do you tackle ISIS first?You have said, Secretary Clinton, that you come to the conclusion that we have to proceed on both fronts at once. We heard from the senator just this week that we must put aside the issue of how quickly we get rid of Assad and come together with countries, including Russia and Iran, to destroy ISIS first. Is he wrong?
 But that's what he's saying, we should put that aside for now and go after ISIS.
 She says we have to proceed on both fronts at once.
 Senator Sanders, thank you.
 Governor O'Malley?
 But -- you criticized -- you criticized Secretary Clinton for what came next. What's your proposal for what comes after Assad?
 Senator Sanders, please. Go ahead.Senator Sanders, a last word on this.
 Senator Sanders, thank you. When we come back here tonight, the other major issues of this election jobs, the economy, health care.Which candidates will make the best case for the middle class, as our coverage of the Democratic debate, here in New Hampshire, continues right after this on ABC.ANNOUNCER ABC News coverage of the New Hampshire Democratic debate will continue in a moment. [COMMERCIAL BREAK]
 Welcome back tonight. As you can see, we have a packed audience here in New Hampshire and we're going to continue. We've already had a spirited conversation here at the top of the broadcast about ISIS, about the concerns of terror here on the home front and as we await Secretary Clinton backstage, we're going to begin on the economy.We want to turn to the American jobs, wages and raises in this country. And we believe Secretary Clinton will be coming around the corner any minute. But in the mean time we want to start with this eye-opening number. And Senator Sanders, this question goes to you first, anyway.In 1995, the median American household income was $52,600 in today's money. This year, it's $53,600. That's 20 more years on the job with just a 2 percent raise. In a similar time-frame, raises for CEOs went up more than 200 percent.
 We're going to continue here, and Secretary, you'll get a chance on this too.But as I pointed out the CEO pay, 200 percent of their time -- for that family of just 2 percent. You've all said, "you would raise the minimum wage." But Senator Sanders what else - speak to that household tonight. 20 years, just a 2 percent raise, how as president would you get them a raise right away?
 Senator Sanders, thank you.Governor O'Malley, what would propose that would be different, how would you get the middle class a raise and without waiting another 20 years for another 2 percent.
 Governor, thank you. Secretary Clinton...As you were walking in, I was talking about the median American household getting a two percent raise over the last 20 years, that CEO pay in that same time frame has gone up 200 percent. So for those families watching tonight, how do you get them a raise if you're president?
 Secretary...
 Secretary, thank you.
 We're going to -- we're going to...
 And we're going to talk about college education in a moment. But Secretary Clinton, I did want to ask you, the last time you ran for president, Fortune Magazine put you on its cover with the headline Business Loves Hillary, pointing out your support for many CEOs in corporate America. I'm curious, eight years later, should corporate America love Hillary Clinton?
 Secretary, thank you. Senator Sanders...I want to stay on this and ask you how big a role does corporate America play in a healthy economy and will corporate America love a President Sanders?
 Senator, thank you. I want to...  Governor, let me just ask you, though, because it is an important question, how important a role do you think corporate America plays in a healthy economy here in the U.S.?
 Governor O'Malley, thank you.  I do want to ask you, Secretary Clinton. Let me just ask you...
 We did -- we did -- Secretary Clinton, let me just ask you...
 And in particular...
 Secretary Clinton, thank you.
 Senator?
 Senator Sanders...
 Thank you, Senator.
 And we're going to move on to health care.Secretary Clinton, the Department of Health and Human Services says more than 17 million Americans who are not insured now have health coverage because of Obamacare. But for Americans who already had health insurance the cost has gone up 27 percent in the last five years while deductibles are up 67 percent, health care costs are rising faster than many Americans can manage.What's broken in Obamacare that needs to be fixed right now? And what would you do to fix it?
 But you did say those were glitches.
 Just glitches?
 Twenty-seven percent in the last five years, deductibles up 67 percent?
 Senator Sanders, I want you to respond to what she was saying, but you're instead calling for single-payer health care.
 You note people won't have to pay deductibles or premiums but they will have to pay new taxes. Can you tell us specifically how much people will be expected to pay?
 Senator Sanders, you didn't really tell us specifically how much people will be expected to pay...
 But you can't tell us this specifically, even if you were...
 OK. Let's go to talk about the high cost of college education and for that we turn to the executive director of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics, right here at Saint Anselm college, Neil Levesque.Neil?LEVESQUE Here to New Hampshire again. As you know, this auditorium is filled with many Saint Anselm college students. They know the outstanding student debt right now in America is $1.3 trillion. That private education costs have gone up in the last decade 26 percent, and 40 percent for public education.So knowing that, we know you want to make public education more affordable but how do you really lower the cost? Senator Sanders, you mentioned a few minutes ago that you want free tuition for public colleges.
 Secretary Clinton.
 Secretary Clinton, how does your plan differentiate from your opponents?
 Thank you Secretary Clinton, thank you.
 Back to you David.
 We're going to get right into this Senator but I want to ask about taxes next. This is included.
 She was asking about that...
 Are we back on health care - Secretary Clinton hold one moment. Senator Sanders...
 Secretary Clinton, please.
 So let's ask about it.Secretary Clinton, let's turn to the taxes.
 This is where we are going next, we are going next to taxes here...
 This is fun. applause]This is democracy at work.Secretary Clinton, let me ask you about your tax plan because from the crushing cost of college education, the next question most families have; is will my taxes go up under the next president? You have said it's your goal not to raise taxes on families making under $200,000 a year a goal. But can you say that's a promise as you stand here tonight?
 A promise?
 Secretary Clinton...
 Please.
 Senator, thank you. Let me bring in Governor O'Malley...
 You've heard...
 Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you. I want to bring in Governor O'Malley on this. We heard the promise from Secretary Clinton because people want to know about their taxes, will they go up. She has now promised here tonight not to raise them on families making $250,000 or less. Can you make that same promise if you're elected?
 Governor O'Malley, thank you. A spirited debate on taxes. And there will be more with the Democratic debate in New Hampshire, when we come back right here on ABC. More in a moment. [COMMERCIAL BREAK]
 Welcome back tonight to New Hampshire. The Democratic debate continues here on ABC.And Secretary Clinton, we want to turn to race, now, in America. There is a real concern in this country from Black Lives Matter and from other community groups that we're just now seeing, with smartphones and cell phones, what many have been dealing with for years when they come in contact with police.But you also have many in law enforcement who now say there has been a so-called Ferguson effect, police holding back because they're afraid of backlash.
 In fact, the FBI director is calling it a chill wind blowing through American law enforcement. So, if elected president, how would you bridge the divide between the two?
 Secretary, thank you.
 Governor O'Malley, how would you bridge the divide?
 Governor, thank you.  And Senator Sanders, when you hear the FBI director calling it a chill wind blowing through American law enforcement, does that concern you as well when you --
 Senator, thank you. We want to turn now to an issue.This next issue has destroyed so many families across the country, and in particular right here in New Hampshire, heroin. And there's a stunning new figure out. A recent poll -- 48 percent here, in this state alone, say they know someone who has abused heroin.We're going to turn tonight to Dan Tuohy of the New Hampshire Union Leader who has this question.QUESTION New Hampshire has been hard hit by the heroin epidemic, and we're on track to have twice as many overdose deaths this year as in 2013.What specifically would you do to address this crisis?
 Senator Sanders, I'm going to take this to you first because you've seen what's happened with heroin right on the border in your own state.
 Senator, thank you. Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary, thank you.
 Governor O'Malley, thank you. Martha?
 Secretary Clinton, I want to circle back to something that your opponents here have brought up. Libya is falling apart. The country is a haven for ISIS and jihadists with an estimated 2,000 ISIS fighters there today. You advocated for that 2011 intervention and called it smart power at its best. And yet, even President Obama said the U.S. should have done more to fill the leadership vacuum left behind. How much responsibility do you bear for the chaos that followed elections?
 Secretary Clinton, I want to go back. That -- government lacked institutions and experience. It had been a family business for 40 years. On the security side, we offered only a modest training effort and a very limited arms buy-back program. Let me ask you the question again. How much responsibility do you bear for the chaos that followed those elections?
 But were mistakes made?
 Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton.
 Quick Governor O'Malley.
 Thank you very much. Thank you. We're going to move on here. Governor O'Malley, thank you very much for that. And we're going to make a very sharp turn as we wrap things up here.Secretary Clinton, first ladies, as you well know, have used their position to work on important causes like literacy and drug abuse. But they also supervise the menus, the flowers, the holiday ornaments and White House decor. I know you think you know where I'm going here.You have said that Bill Clinton is a great host and loves giving tours but may opt out of picking flower arrangements if you're elected. Bill Clinton aside, is it time to change the role of a president's spouse?
 I do want to follow up here for each of you. And a similar line of questioning. Senator Sanders, your wife Jane shares an office at your campaign headquarters in Burlington. We've seen the pictures, the desks right next to each other. Would she have a desk close by in the west wing?
 Senator, thank you.Governor O'Malley -- Governor O'Malley, you have talked about your wife, Katie, here tonight. She's a district court judge. And the question for you is, would she have to give that up as first lady, or will she share an office in the west wing as well?
 Governor O'Malley, thank you, (inaudible).
 Governor, thank you. We'll be back with much more from New Hampshire. The Democratic debate continues right after this. [COMMERCIAL BREAK]
 Welcome back tonight. It's been an evening of lively discussion among the candidates and it's time for closing statements. We began in alphabetical order, so we'll reverse the order at the end and begin with you, Senator Sanders.
 Governor O'Malley?
 Governor, thank you.  Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you to the candidates tonight. Thank you to the audience here in New Hampshire here at St. Anselm. And thank you to the audience at home. We wish all of you at home a happy and safe holiday week ahead and we wish all the candidates a happy and safe holiday with your families.
 Before we start the debate here are the rules. The candidates have one minute to respond to our questions and 30 seconds to respond to our follow-up. Any candidate who is attacked by another candidate gets 30 seconds for rebuttal. Here's how we'll keep time, after a question is asked the green light goes on. When there are 15 seconds left the candidate gets a yellow warning light.And when time's up the light turns red. That means stop talking. [laughter] Those are the rules. So let's get started. You will each have one minute for an opening statement to share your thoughts about the attacks in your Paris and lay out your visions for America. First, Senator Sanders.
 All right, Senator Sanders.Secretary Clinton.
 Governor O'Malley.
 All right, thank you, Governor. Thank all of you.The terror attacks last night underscore biggest challenge facing the next president of the United States. At a time of crisis, the country and the world look to the president for leadership and for answers.So, Secretary Clinton, I'd like to start with you. Hours before the attacks, President Obama said, "I don't think ISIS is gaining strength." Seventy-two percent of Americans think the fight against ISIS is going badly. Won't the legacy of this administration, which is-- which you were a part of, won't that legacy be that it underestimated the threat from ISIS?
 But as -- Secretary Clinton, the question was about, was ISIS underestimated? And I'll just add, the president referred to ISIS as the JVU (sic), in a speech at the Council of Foreign Relations in June of 2014 said, "I could not have predicted the extent to which ISIS could be effective in seizing cities in Iraq."So you've got prescriptions for the future, but how do we even those prescript prescriptions are any good if you missed it in the past?
 Okay, Governor O'Malley, would you critique the administration's response to ISIS. If the United States doesn't lead, who leads?
 Senator Sanders, you said you want to rid the planet of ISIS. In the previous debate you said the greatest threat to national security was climate change. Do you still believe that?
 Quickly, just let me ask you a follow-up on that, Senator Sanders.When you say the disastrous vote on Iraq, let's just be clear about what you're saying. You're saying Secretary Clinton, who was then Senator Clinton, voted for the Iraq war. And are you making a direct link between her vote for that or and what's happening now for ISIS. Just so everybody...
 Alright. Let's let Secretary Clinton respond to that.
 Senator Sanders let me just follow this line of thinking. You criticized then, Senator Clinton's vote.Do you have anything to criticize in the way she performed as Secretary of State?
 Alright.
 Senator let me...
 All right, Secretary Clinton.
 I understand. Quickly, Senator.
 Secretary Clinton.
 Let me ask you, Secretary Clinton, a question about leadership.We're talking about what role does America take?Let me ask you about Libya. So Libya is a country in which ISIS has taken hold in part because of the chaos after Muammar Gaddafi. That was an operation you championed. President Obama says this is the lesson he took from that operation. In an interview he said, the lesson was, do we have an answer for the day after? Wasn't that suppose to be one of the lessons that we learned after the Iraq war? And how did you get it wrong with Libya if the key lesson of the Iraq war is have a plan for after?
 Governor O' Malley I want to ask you a question and you can add whatever you'd like to. But let me ask you, is the world too dangerous a place for a governor who has no foreign policy experience?
 Secretary Clinton, you mentioned radical jihadists. Marco Rubio, also running for president, said that this attack showed and the attack in Paris showed that we are at war with radical Islam. Do you agree with that characterization, radical Islam?
 Just to interrupt. He didn't say all Muslims. He just said radical Islam. Is that a phrase you don't...
 The reason I ask is you gave a speech at Georgetown University in which you said, that it was important to show, quote, "respect, even for one's enemies. Trying to understand and in so far as psychologically possible, empathize with their perspective and point of view." Can you explain what that means in the context of this kind of barbarism?
 Just quickly, do either of you, radical Islam, do either of you use that phrase?
 Governor O' Malley, you have been making the case when you talk about lack of forward vision, you're essentially saying that Secretary Clinton lacks that vision and this critique matches up with this discussion of language. The critique is that the softness of language betrays a softness of approach. So if this language -- if you don't call it by what it is, how can your approach be effective to the cause? that's the critique.
 Secretary Clinton, the French president has called this attack an act of war.
 A couple of days ago you were asked if you would declare war on ISIS and you said no. What would you say now?
 And you think that covers all of this?
 If you were in the Senate, would you be okay with the commander in chief doing that without it coming back to you?
 Senator, let me just -- let's add to whatever you've got to say. Refugees. You've been a little vague on what you would do about the Syrian refugees. What's your view on them now?
 Governor O'Malley, you have a magic number. I think it's 65,000. Does that number go up or down based on what happened yesterday?
 Just very quickly, 65,000, the number stays?
 But for you, what would you want?
 Secretary Clinton, let me ask you a question from twitter which has come in and this is a question on this issue of refugees. The question is, with the U.S. preparing to absorb Syrian refugees, how do you propose we screen those coming in to keep citizens safe?
 Alright. Senator Sanders, I'm sorry. We're going to have to take a break now. We will have more of the Democratic debate here from Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.
 Want to turn now from terrorism to another important issue for many Americans, the financial squeeze on the the middle class. For that, we go to my CBS News Colleague, Nancy Cordes.Nancy?CORDES John, thanks so much.We've learned a lot during the course of this campaign about the things that you'd like to do that you say would help the middle class, but we haven't heard quite as much about who would pick up the tab.So Secretary Clinton, first to you. You want to cap individuals' prescription drug costs at $250 a month. You want to make public college debt-free. You want community college to be free altogether. And you want mandatory paid family leave. So who pays for all that? Is it employers? Is it the taxpayers, and which taxpayers?
 All right, I am sorry, Governor, we're going to have to go, I apologize.
 Governor -- Governor, you're breaking the rules. [laughter]I'm sorry, we're going to have to cut for a commercial. We'll be right back here from Drake University here in Des Moines, Iowa.
 There is a lot of presidential history here in Iowa. It hosted the first in the nation caucuses. Herbert Hoover was born in West Branch, and tonight, we are in Polk County, named for our 11th president, with three people who hope to be number 45.Joining my now to question them are Iowans Kevin Cooney of KCCI and Kathie Obradovich, of the Des Moines Register.Kevin?COONEY Thanks, John.Candidates, we've already heard your answers on what you would do with Syrian refugees, but a crucial part of the immigration debate here at home is control of our own borders.Republicans say the borders -- securing borders is a top priority. Democrats say they want to plan for comprehensive immigration reform. So, Governor O'Malley, are you willing to compromise on this particular issue to focus on border security first in favor of keeping the country safe?
 You have -- you have given me the perfect segue. We are going to talk about Wall Street, but now we've got to go do a commercial.We're coming to the end of the first hour. But there's another hour behind it and we're going to talk about Wall Street so hang with us.
 Good evening again, as we begin the second half of the debate. Joining me in the questioning are the candidates -- of the candidates are CBS news congressional correspondent Nancy Cordes, Kevin Cooney of CBS Des Moines affiliate KCCI, and Kathie Obradovich of the Des Moines register.As those who watched the first hour know, our topic is Wall Street. For those just joining us, welcome. Senator -- excuse me, Secretary Clinton, I went to the past there for a moment. Senator Sanders recently said, quote, "People should be suspect of candidates who receive large sums of money from Wall Street and then go out and say 'Trust me. I'm going to really regulate wall street'.So you've received millions of dollars in contributions and speaking fees from from Wall Street companies. How do you convince voters that you are going to level the playing field when you're indebted to some of its biggest players?
 Senator Sanders you said that the donations to Secretary Clinton are compromising. So what did you think of her answer?
 Great follow up because you -- and Secretary Clinton, you will get a chance to respond.You said they know what they're going to get. What are they going to get?
 Hold on. He was attacked.
 Hold on, he was attacked. Glass-Steagall...
 All right. Senator, we have to get Governor O' Malley in.Governor, along with your answer, how many Wall Street veterans would you have in your administration?
 Anyone from Wall Street?
 Hold on.
 All right, I want to switch to the -- switch to the issue of guns here.Secretary Clinton, you said that Senator Sanders is not tough enough on guns, but basically he now supports roughly the same things you do. So can tell us what the exact difference is going forward between the two of you on the issue of gun control?
 Secretary Clinton, I want to...
 Secretary Clinton, just a quick follow-up. You say that Senator Sanders took a vote that -- on immunity that you don't like. So if he can be tattooed by a single vote and that ruins all future opinions by him on this issue, why then isn't he right when he says your wrong vote on Iraq tattoos you forever in your judgment?
 But was that a mistake, Senator?
 Senator, a mistake or not, your immunity vote? Quickly, before I go to...
 So not a mistake?
 Hold on.
 Sorry. I'm going to bring in Nancy Cordes with a question from twitter about this exchange.CORDES There was a lot of conversation on twitter about guns, but also about your conversation on campaign finance.And Secretary Clinton, one of the tweets we saw said this, "I've never seen a candidate invoke 9/11 to justify millions of Wall Street donations until now." The idea being, yes, you were a champion of the community after 9/11, but what does that have to do with taking big donations?
 Final word. Final word, Governor O'Malley, before we go to commercial.
 We have to -- we have to go for a commercial, Senator. I'm sorry. We have to go for a commercial here. We'll be right back with the Democratic debate here in Des Moines, Iowa on CBS.
 Back now in Des Moines with the candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination.Senator Sanders, I want to start with you. Let's say you're elected president. Congratulations.
 You've said you'll have a revolution.
 But there's a conservative revolution going on in America right now. As John Boehner knows and as Democrats know, who have lost in state houses across the country.
 Those conservatives are watching tonight and probably shaking their heads. So how do you deal with that part of the country? The revolution's already happening, but on the other side?
 Senator, as a 30-second follow-up, we've heard already tonight this figure, 92 percent of support for background checks.Let's look at that as an example. There was something 92 percent of the public was for. There had been these mass shootings. There was emotional support behind it.
 Bipartisan support.
 The president, the full force of his office.
 It went nowhere. That's the model you're talking about. Nothing happened.
 A question from Kathie Obradovich.OBRADOVICH Yes, Senator Sanders, you famously said in the last debate that you were sick and tired of hearing about your damn e- mails. But then you told the Wall Street Journal that the question about whether or not Secretary Clinton's e-mails compromised classified information were valid questions.So which is it? Is it an issue or is it not?
 Secretary Clinton, just one more question on the e- mail question.For Democrats, there's an FBI investigation going on. Can you satisfy Democrats, who might worry about an another shoe dropping, that you and your staff have been totally truthful to them, and that another shoe is not going to drop?
 Race relations is another issue everyone cares about, and we're going to switch to that now.Governor O'Malley, let me ask you a question. The head of the FBI recently said it might be possible that some police forces are not enforcing the law, because they're worried about being caught on camera. The acting head of the drug enforcement administration said a similar thing.Where are you on this question? And what would do you if you were president, and two top members of your administration were floating that idea?
 All right, Governor...Senator Sanders, one of your former colleagues, an African- American member of Congress, said to me recently that a young African- American man had asked him where to find hope in life. And he said, "I just don't know what to tell him about being young and black in America today."What would you tell that young African-American man?
 Secretary Clinton, you told some Black Lives Matter activists recently that there's a difference between rhetoric in activism and what you were trying to do, was -- get laws passed that would help what they were pushing for.But recently, at the University of Missouri, that activism was very, very effective. So would you suggest that kind of activism take place at other universities across the country?
 All right, over to Kevin Cooney.COONEY Senator -- Senator Sanders, we've heard a lot about this, your offer -- you want to offer free tuition to public universities and colleges.A couple of questions about this. 63 percent of those who enroll graduate.First question, isn't this throwing a lot of money away if we're looking at a third of these people are not going to complete college?
 Thirty seconds.
 I'm sorry, governor. We've got to take a break or the machine breaks down. You're watching the Democratic debate here on CBS.
 We begin the final segment of this debate with something none of you saw coming. Something quite unexpected. Soon after your inauguration, you will face a crisis. All presidents do. What crisis you have experienced in your life that suggests you've been testd and can face that inevitable challenge? Secretary Clinton, you first.
 Governor O' Malley, what crisis proves that you're tested?
 Senator Sanders what, experience would you draw on in a crisis?
 All right, Senator Sanders...We've ended the evening on crisis, which underscores and reminds us again of what happened last night. Now, let's move to closing statements.Governor O'Malley, you're first.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator Sanders?
 And the candidates are thanking each other for a good debate. Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley now two debates in the books, with four more to come.
 I'm Anderson Cooper. Thanks for joining us. We've already welcomed the candidates on stage. They are in place at their podiums. Before we dive into the issues, I want to quickly explain some of the groundrules tonight.As the moderator, I'll ask questions, followups and guide the discussion. I'll be joined in the questioning by CNN's Juan Carlos Lopez and Dana Bash, a well as Don Lemon who will share questions from Democrats around the country. Each candidate will get one minute to answer questions, and 30 seconds for followups and rebuttals. I'll give candidates time to respond if they have been singled out for criticism.Our viewers should know that we have lights that are visible to the candidates to warn them when their time is up.I want the candidates to be able to introduce themselves to our audience. Each candidate will have two minutes to introduce themselves.Let's begin with Governor Chafee.Governor?
 Thank you very much, Governor.Senator Webb, you have two minutes.
 Governor O'Malley, you have two minutes.
 Governor O'Malley, thank you very much. Senator Sanders.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you, all. It is time to start the debate.Are you all ready?All right. Let's begin. We're going to be discussing a lot of the issues, many of the issues, important issues that you have brought up. But I want to begin with concerns that voters have about each of the candidates here on this stage that they have about each of you.Secretary Clinton, I want to start with you. Plenty of politicians evolve on issues, but even some Democrats believe you change your positions based on political expediency.You were against same-sex marriage. Now you're for it. You defended President Obama's immigration policies. Now you say they're too harsh. You supported his trade deal dozen of times. You even called it the "gold standard". Now, suddenly, last week, you're against it.Will you say anything to get elected?
 Secretary Clinton, though, with all due respect, the question is really about political expediency. Just in July, New Hampshire, you told the crowd you'd, quote, "take a back seat to no one when it comes to progressive values."Last month in Ohio, you said you plead guilty to, quote, "being kind of moderate and center." Do you change your political identity based on who you're talking to?
 Just for the record, are you a progressive, or are you a moderate?
 Secretary...
 ...thank you...
 ...Senator...
 Senator Sanders. A Gallup poll says half the country would not put a socialist in the White House. You call yourself a democratic socialist. How can any kind of socialist win a general election in the United States?
 Denmark is a country that has a population  Denmark is a country that has a population of 5.6 million people. The question is really about electability here, and that's what I'm trying to get at.You  the  the Republican attack ad against you in a general election  it writes itself. You supported the Sandinistas in Nicaragua. You honeymooned in the Soviet Union. And just this weekend, you said you're not a capitalist.Doesn't  doesn't that ad write itself?
 You don't consider yourself a capitalist, though?
 Just let me just be clear. Is there anybody else on the stage who is not a capitalist?
 Senator Sanders?
 We're going to get...
 We're going to have a lot more on these issues. But I do want to just quickly get everybody in on the question of electability.Governor Chafee, you've been everything but a socialist. When you were senator from Rhode Island, you were a Republican. When you were elected governor, you were an independent. You've only been a Democrat for little more than two years. Why should Democratic voters trust you won't change again?
 It seems like pretty soft granite. I mean, you've been a Republican, you've been an independent.
 Then why change labels?
 Governor O'Malley, the concern of voters about you is that you tout our record as Baltimore's mayor. As we all know, we all saw it. That city exploded in riots and violence in April.The current top prosecutor in Baltimore, also a Democrat, blames your zero tolerance policies for sowing the seeds of unrest. Why should Americans trust you with the country when they see what's going on in the city that you ran for more than seven years?
 She actually  just for the record, when she was asked which policies, to name two, she said zero tolerance. I mean, there's a number of old policies that we're seeing the results of. That distress of communities, where communities don't want to step forward and say who killed a 3-year-old, it's a direct result of these failed policies.
 In one year alone, though, 100,000 arrests were made in your city, a city of 640,000 people. The ACLU, the NAACP sued you, sued the city, and the city actually settled, saying a lot of those arrests were without probable cause.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator Webb, in 2006, you called affirmative action "state-sponsored racism." In 2010, you wrote an op/ed saying it discriminates against whites. Given that nearly half the Democratic Party is non-white, aren't you out of step with where the Democratic Party is now?
 Senator Webb, thank you very much.Let's move on to some of the most pressing issues facing our country right now, some of the biggest issues right now in the headlines today. We're going to start with guns. The shooting in Oregon earlier this month, once again it brought the issue of guns into the national conversation. Over the last week, guns have been the most discussed political topic on Facebook by two to one.Senator Sanders, you voted against the Brady bill that mandated background checks and a waiting period. You also supported allowing riders to bring guns in checked bags on Amtrak trains. For a decade, you said that holding gun manufacturers legally responsible for mass shootings is a bad idea. Now, you say you're reconsidering that. Which is it shield the gun companies from lawsuits or not?
 Do you want to shield gun companies from lawsuits?
 Secretary Clinton, is Bernie Sanders tough enough on guns?
 We're going to bring you all in on this. But, Senator Sanders, you have to give a response.
 Governor O'Malley, you passed gun legislation as governor of Maryland, but you had a Democratic-controlled legislature. President Obama couldn't convince Congress to pass gun legislation after the massacres in Aurora, in Newtown, and Charleston. How can you?
 Senator Sanders, I want you to be able to respond, 30 seconds.
 Let me bring in somebody who has a different viewpoint. Senator Webb, your rating from the NRA, you once had an A rating from the NRA. You've said gun violence goes down when more people are allowed to carry guns. Would encouraging more people to be armed be part of your response to a mass shooting?
 Senator...
 Senator  Governor Chafee, you have an F rating from the NRA, what do you think about what Senator Webb just said?
 I want to...
 ...I want to move on to another issue, which is in the headlines right now, another crisis making headlines.Secretary Clinton, Russia, they're challenging the U.S. in Syria. According to U.S. intelligence, they've lied about who they're bombing. You spearheaded the reset with Russia. Did you underestimate the Russians, and as president, what would your response to Vladimir Putin be right now in Syria?
 Senator Sanders, what would you do differently.
 On this issue of foreign policy, I want to go to...
 I want to go to Dana Bash. Dana?
 Governor Chafee, you were the only Republican in the Senate to vote against the Iraq war. You say Secretary Clinton should be disqualified from the presidency because she voted in favor of using force in Iraq. She has since said that her vote was a mistake. Why isn't that good enough?
 Secretary Clinton, he's questioning your judgment.
 Senator Sanders  Senator Sanders, I want to bring you in here. My question for you is, as a congressman, you voted against the Iraq War. You voted against the Gulf War. You're just talking about Syria, but under what circumstances would a President Sanders actually use force?
 All right.
 But, Senator Sanders, you didn't answer the question. Under what  under what circumstances would you actually use force?
 I'm gonna bring you all in on this. Governor  Governor O'Malley, Secretary Clinton...
 Secretary Clinton voted to authorize military force in Iraq, supported more troops in Afghanistan. As Secretary of State, she wanted to arm Syrian rebels and push for the bombing of Libya. Is she too quick to use military force?
 Does she  does she want to use military force too rapidly?
 Governor O'Malley, just for the record, on the campaign trail, you've been saying that Secretary Clinton is always quick for the  for the military intervention. Senator  Secretary Clinton, you can respond.
 Well  yes, you'll be coming in next, but she was directly quoted, Senator.
 OK.
 Secretary?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Senator Webb, you said as president you would never have used military force in Libya and that the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was, in your words, "inevitable." Should Secretary Clinton have seen that attack coming?
 Senator...
 You're over your time as of now.
 You agreed to these debate rules.
 Senator Sanders, I want you to be able to respond.
 I'd like you to be able to respond and get in on this.
 He doesn't seem to be the type of guy to regret a lot.
 Secretary Clinton, on the campaign trail, Governor Webb has said that he would never have used military force in Libya and that the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was inevitable. Should you have seen that attack coming?
 But American citizens did lose their lives in Benghazi.
 Governor O'Malley?
 Senator Webb, I want you to be able to respond.
 Senator Webb?
 Secretary (sic) Webb, you served in Vietnam. You're a marine. Once a marine, always a marine. You served as a marine in Vietnam. You're a decorated war hero. You eventually became secretary of the navy.During the Vietnam War, the man standing next to you, Senator Sanders, applied for status as a conscientious objector. Given his history, can he serve as a credible commander-in-chief?
 Senator Sanders, tell an American soldier who is watching right now tonight in Afghanistan why you can be commander-in- chief given that you applied for conscientious objector status.
 Very quickly, 30 seconds for each of you. Governor Chafee, who or what is the greatest national security threat to the United States? I want to go down the line.
 OK. Senator, I can give you 30 seconds to respond.
 Thirty seconds for each of you. Governor Chafee, what is the greatest national security threat to the United States?
 OK.
 Governor O'Malley?
 Secretary Clinton, the greatest national security threat?
 Senator Sanders, greatest national security threat?
 Senator Webb?
 All right. We're going to take a short break. Do these candidates see eye to eye on an issue that is driving a big wedge between Republicans? That is next.We'll be right back.
 And welcome back. We are live in Nevada, in Las Vegas, at the Wynn Resort for the first Democratic presidential debate. The questions continue.We begin with Secretary Clinton. Secretary Clinton, you are going to be testifying before Congress next week about your e-mails. For the last eight months, you haven't been able to put this issue behind you. You dismissed it; you joked about it; you called it a mistake. What does that say about your ability to handle far more challenging crises as president?
 Secretary...
 Secretary Clinton, Secretary Clinton, with all due respect, it's a little hard  I mean, isn't it a little bit hard to call this just a partisan issue? There's an FBI investigation, and President Obama himself just two days ago said this is a legitimate issue.
 Thank you.
 Senator Sanders?
 It's obviously very popular in this crowd, and it's  hold on.I know that plays well in this room. But I got to be honest, Governor Chafee, for the record, on the campaign trail, you've said a different thing. You said this is a huge issue. Standing here in front of Secretary Clinton, are you willing to say that to her face?
 Secretary Clinton, do you want to respond?
 Governor  Governor...Governor O'Malley...Governor, it's popular in the room, but a lot of people do want to know these answers.Governor O'Malley, you expressed concern on the campaign trail that the Democratic Party is, and I quote, "being defined by Hillary Clinton's email scandal."You heard her answer, do you still feel that way tonight?
 ...Thank you, governor.
 I want to talk about issues of race in America, for that I want to start of with Don Lemon.LEMON Alright, Anderson, thank you very much. I'm not sure how to follow that, but this question is about something that has tripped some of the candidates up out on the campaign trail. Can you hear me?Can't hear me in the room. OK, here we go again, as I said...WILKINS ...law school. My question for the candidates is, do black lives matter, or do all lives matter?
 The question from Arthur...LEMON ...There we go...
 ...Do black lives matter, or do all lives matter? Let's put that question to Senator Sanders.
 Governor O'Malley, the question from Arthur was do black lives matter, or do all lives matter?
 Secretary Clinton, what would you do for African Americans in this country that President Obama couldn't?
 ...Thank you, Senator...
 Senator...
 Senator Webb?
 Thanks, sir.
 Senator Sanders, let's talk about income inequality. Wages and incomes are flat. You've argued that the gap between rich and poor is wider than at any time since the 1920s. We've had a Democratic president for seven years. What are you going to be able to do that President Obama didn't?
 Secretary Clinton...
 I'll let you jump in a moment. Everybody will get in on this in a moment.Secretary Clinton, how would you address this issue? In all candor, you and your husband are part of the one percent. How can you credibly represent the views of the middle class?
 Governor O'Malley, (inaudible).
 Just for viewers at home who may not be reading up on this, Glass-Steagall is the Depression-era banking law repealed in 1999 that prevented commercial banks from engaging in investment banking and insurance activities.Secretary Clinton, he raises a fundamental difference on this stage. Senator Sanders wants to break up the big Wall Street banks. You don't. You say charge the banks more, continue to monitor them. Why is your plan better?
 Senator Sanders, Secretary Clinton just said that her policy is tougher than yours.
 Why?
 Senator...
 Secretary Clinton, you have to be able to respond. He brought you up.

 Thank you. Thank you. Senator Sanders...
 Governor O'Malley? Where do you stand?
 Secretary Clinton...
 I have to let you respond.
 Thank you.
 Thank...
 Senator Sanders...Senator Sanders, in 2008, congressional leaders were told, without the 2008 bailout, the U.S. was possibly days away from a complete meltdown. Despite that, you still voted against it.As president, would you stand by your principles if it risked the country's financial stability?
 We're going to talk about that in a minute.But, Senator Webb, I want to get you in. You have said neither party has the guts to take on Wall Street. Is the system rigged?
 You agreed to these rules and you're wasting time. So if you would finish your answer, we'll move on.
 Governor Chafee, you have attacked Secretary Clinton for being too close to Wall Street banks. In 1999 you voted for the very bill that made banks bigger.
 Are you saying you didn't know what you were voting for?
 Well, with all due respect, Governor...
 ... what does that say about you that you're casting a vote for something you weren't really sure about?
 Thank you, Governor.
 I want to bring in Dana Bash.
 Dana?
 Thank you.CNN visited college campuses, along with Facebook. And not surprisingly college affordability was among the most pressing issue.Senator Sanders, you've mentioned a couple of times you do have a plan to make public colleges free for everyone. Secretary Clinton has criticized that in saying she's not in favor of making a college free for Donald Trump's kids.Do you think taxpayers should pick up the tab for wealthy children?
 And, Secretary Clinton, it's not just college tuition that Senator Sanders is talking about, expanding Social Security and giving all Americans Medicare. What's wrong with that?
 Secretary Clinton...
 Can you answer the...
 Secretary Clinton, the question was not just about tuition, though. It was about Senator Sanders' plan to expand Social Security, to make Medicare available to all Americans. Is that something that you would support? And if not, why not?
 Do you want to expand it?
 Senator Sanders, I want to bring it over to Juan Carlos Lopez from CNN en Espanol. We're obviously in Nevada. It's had the highest percentage of undocumented immigrants of any state in the country as of last year. Juan Carlos?LOPEZ Gracias, Anderson. Senator Sanders, in 2013, you voted for immigration reform. But in 2007, when Democrats controlled Congress and the Bush White House was onboard, you voted against it. Why should Latino voters trust you now when you left them at the altar at the moment when reform was very close?
 Senator Webb...
 ...Thank you, Senator.
 Secretary Clinton?
 ...Secretary...
 Secretary Clinton, let me ask you. Two of your rivals from your left, Governor O'Malley, and Senator Sanders, want to provide instate college tuition to undocumented immigrants. Where do you stand on that?
 So, on the record, you believe that undocumented immigrants should get instate college tuition.
 Governor O'Malley?
 ...Senator...
 Senator Sanders, you talked about your record on the Veteran affairs committee. You served on that committee for the last eight years, including two years as its chairman while veterans died waiting for health care. You and Senator McCain ultimately addressed the issue with bi-partisan legislation. Why did it take 18 Inspector General reports, and a CNN investigation, and others, before you and your colleagues took action?
 Governor Chafee, you and Hillary Clinton both voted for the Patriot Act which created the NSA surveillance program. You've emphasized civil liberties, privacy during your campaign. Aren't these two things in conflict?
 Do you regret that vote?
 Secretary Clinton, do you regret your vote on the Patriot Act?
 Senator  Senator Sanders, you're the only one on this stage who voted against the Patriot Act in 2001...
 ... and the reauthorization votes. Let me ask you, if elected, would you shut down the NSA surveillance program?
 Would you shut down the NSA surveillance program?
 You would, point blank.
 Governor Chafee, Edward Snowden, is he a traitor or a hero?
 Bring him home, no jail time?
 Secretary Clinton, hero or traitor?
 Should he do jail time?ClINTON In addition  in addition, he stole very important information that has unfortunately fallen into a lot of the wrong hands. So I don't think he should be brought home without facing the music.
 Governor O'Malley, Snowden?
 Senator Sanders, Edward Snowden?
 Is he a hero?
 Senator Webb, Edward Snowden?
 Another  another question for each of you, starting with Governor Chafee.Name the one thing  the one way that your administration would not be a third term of President Obama.
 President Obama's generals right now are suggesting keeping troops in Afghanistan after the time he wanted them pulled out. Would you keep them there?
 Governor O'Malley, how would you be different than President Obama's administration?
 Secretary Clinton, how would you not be a third term of President Obama?
 Is there a policy difference?
 Senator Sanders?
 Senator Webb, how would you not be a third term for Obama?
 Senator Sanders, he cited you. You don't hear a lot of Democratic presidential candidates talking about revolution. What do you mean?
 And we want to  and we're going to talk more about climate change and environmental issues coming up. Some of the candidates have tried marijuana, as have pretty much  probably everybody in this room.Others have not. Does that influence  does it influence their views on legalization? Find out that and others ahead.(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
 And welcome back to this CNN Democratic presidential debate. It has been quite a night so far. We are in the final block of this debate. All the candidates are back, which I'm very happy to see.
 It's a long story. Let's continue, shall we?Secretary Clinton, welcome back.
 That's right. Secretary Clinton, Governor O'Malley says the presidency is not a crown to be passed back and forth between two royal families. This year has been the year of the outsider in politics, just ask Bernie Sanders. Why should Democrats embrace an insider like yourself?
 Governor O'Malley, do you want to tell Secretary Clinton why she shouldn't get the crown?
 Secretary Clinton, you have to be able to respond, if you want.
 (inaudible).Senator Sanders, does she have the right stuff?
 we've got  we  a lot of questions we've got about climate change, and we're gonna go to Don Lemon. Don?LEMON All right. This one is for Martin O'Malley. Anderson, Governor O'Malley, this is from Anna Bettis from Tempe, Arizona. Here it is.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)QUESTION As a young person, I'm very concerned about climate change and how it will affect my future. As a presidential candidate, what will you do to address climate change?(END VIDEO CLIP)LEMON So, Governor O'Malley, please tell Anna how you would protect the environment better than all the other candidates up on that stage.
 Governor...
 ...Governor O'Malley, thank you very much.Senator Webb, you have a very different view than just about anybody else on this stage, and unlike a lot of Democrats. You're pro-coal, you're pro-offshore drilling, you're pro-Keystone pipeline. Are  again, are you  the question is, are you out of step with the Democratic party?
 Senator Sanders, are you tougher on  on climate change than Secretary Clinton?
 Senator  thank you, Senator.
 Secretary Clinton, I want you to be able to respond, then I'm gonna go to (ph) (inaudible).
 Thank you.
 Dana Bash?
 Secretary Clinton, you now support mandated paid family leave.
 Carly Fiorina, the first female CEO of a Fortune 50 company, argues, if the government requires paid leave, it will force small businesses to, quote, "hire fewer people and create fewer jobs." What do you say not only to Carly Fiorina, but also a small-business owner out there who says, you know, I like this idea, but I just can't afford it?
 It's on the federal level.
 But Secretary  Secretary Clinton, even many people who agree with you might say, look, this is very hard to do, especially in today's day and age. There are so many people who say, "Really? Another government program? Is that what you're proposing? And at the expense of taxpayer money?"
 Thank you. Senator Sanders?
 Governor O'Malley?
 Governor, thank you. The issue now, particularly in this state, is recreational marijuana. I want to go to Juan Carlos Lopez.LOPEZ Thank you, Anderson.Senator Sanders, right here in Nevada, there will be a measure to legalize recreational marijuana on the 2016 ballot. You've said you smoked marijuana twice; it didn't quite work for you. If you were a Nevada resident, how would you vote?
 Secretary Clinton, thank you. I want to go to Don Lemon with another Facebook question.LEMON Alright, Anderson. This is for Senator Sanders, OK? This is from Carrie (ph) Kang (ph) from Manassas, Virginia, would like would like to ask the Senator, "President Obama has had a difficult time getting Republicans to compromise on just about every agenda. How will you approach this going forward, and will it be any different?"Senator?
 We're going to hear from all the candidates coming up. We're going to take a short break. More from the candidates in a moment.
 And welcome back to the final round of the CNN Democratic presidential debate.This is a question to each of you. Each of you, by the way, are going to have closing statements to make. Each of you will have 90 seconds. But a final question to each of you. If you can, just try to  15 seconds if you can.Governor Chafee, Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said, "I ask you to judge me by the enemies I have made." You've all made a few people upset over your political careers. Which enemy are you most proud of? [laughter]
 Governor O'Malley?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Senator Sanders?
 Senator Webb?
 All right. Time for closing statements. Each of you will have 90 seconds.Governor Chafee, let's begin with you.
 Governor Chafee, thank you very much. Senator Webb, your final statement for 90 seconds.
 Senator Webb, thank you very much.Governor O'Malley, you have 90 seconds.
 Governor O'Malley, thank you very much.Senator Sanders, final, closing thoughts, 90 seconds.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Good evening from the Thomas and Mack Center at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. I'm Chris Wallace of Fox News, and I welcome you to the third and final of the 2016 presidential debates between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.This debate is sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. The commission has designed the format Six roughly 15-minute segments with two-minute answers to the first question, then open discussion for the rest of each segment. Both campaigns have agreed to those rules.For the record, I decided the topics and the questions in each topic. None of those questions has been shared with the commission or the two candidates. The audience here in the hall has promised to remain silent. No cheers, boos, or other interruptions so we and you can focus on what the candidates have to say.No noise, except right now, as we welcome the Democratic nominee for president, Secretary Clinton, and the Republican nominee for president, Mr. Trump.Secretary Clinton, Mr. Trump, welcome. Let's get right to it. The first topic is the Supreme Court.You both talked briefly about the court in the last debate, but I want to drill down on this, because the next president will almost certainly have at least one appointment and likely or possibly two or three appointments.Which means that you will, in effect, determine the balance of the court for what could be the next quarter century.First of all, where do you want to see the court take the country? And secondly, what's your view on how the Constitution should be interpreted? Do the founders' words mean what they say or is it a living document to be applied flexibly according to changing circumstances? In this segment, Secretary Clinton, you go first. You have two minutes.
 Secretary Clinton, thank you.Mr. Trump, same question. Where do you want to see the court take the country? And how do you believe the Constitution should be interpreted?
 Mr. Trump, thank you.We now have about 10 minutes for an open discussion. I want to focus on two issues that, in fact, by the justices that you name could end up changing the existing law of the land. First is one that you mentioned, Mr. Trump, and that is guns.Secretary Clinton, you said last year, let me quote, "The Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment." And now, in fact, in the 2008 Heller case, the court ruled that there is a constitutional right to bear arms, but a right that is reasonably limited. Those were the words of the Judge Antonin Scalia who wrote the decision. What's wrong with that?
 Let me bring Mr. Trump in here. The bipartisan Open Debate Coalition got millions of votes on questions to ask here, and this was, in fact, one of the top questions that they got. How will you ensure the Second Amendment is protected? You just heard Secretary Clinton's answer. Does she persuade you that, while you may disagree on regulation, that, in fact, she supports a Second Amendment right to bear arms?
 Well, let me bring in Secretary Clinton. Were you extremely upset?
 Let me bring Mr. Trump back into this, because, in fact, you oppose any limits on assault weapons, any limits on high- capacity magazines. You support a national right to carry law. Why, sir?
 Well, let's pick up on another issue which divides you and the justices that whoever ends up winning this election appoints could have a dramatic effect there, and that's the issue of abortion.
 Mr. Trump, you're pro-life. But I want to ask you specifically Do you want the court, including the justices that you will name, to overturn Roe v. Wade, which includesin fact, statesa woman's right to abortion?
 But I'm asking you specifically. Would you like to...
 But what I'm asking you, sir, is, do you want to see the court overturnyou just said you want to see the court protect the Second Amendment. Do you want to see the court overturn Roe v. Wade?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton...
 I'm going to give you a chance to respond, but I want to ask you, Secretary Clinton, I want to explore how far you believe the right to abortion goes. You have been quoted as saying that the fetus has no constitutional rights. You also voted against a ban on late-term, partial-birth abortions. Why?
 Mr. Trump, your reaction? And particularly on this issue of late-term, partial-birth abortions.
 All right. But just briefly, I want to move on to another segment...
 All right. Let's move on to the subject of immigration. And there is almost no issue that separates the two of you more than the issue of immigration. Actually, there are a lot of issues that separate the two of you.Mr. Trump, you want to build a wall. Secretary Clinton, you have offered no specific plan for how you want to secure our southern border. Mr. Trump, you are calling for major deportations. Secretary Clinton, you say that within your first 100 days as president you're going to offer a package that includes a pathway to citizenship. The question, really, is, why are you right and your opponent wrong?Mr. Trump, you go first in this segment. You have two minutes.
 Mr. Trump, thank you. Same question to you, Secretary Clinton. Basically, why are you right and Mr. Trump is wrong?
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton. I want to follow up...
 OK.
 Well, let mewait, wait, sir, let me...
 Now, wait. I'd like to hear from...
 I'd like to hearI'd like to hear from Secretary Clinton.
 Mr. Trump?
 I want to...
 Secretary Clinton, I want to...
 Well, let meSecretary...
 Secretary Clinton...
 Secretary Clinton, excuse me. Secretary Clinton.
 Secretary Clinton, I want to clear up your position on this issue, because in a speech you gave to a Brazilian bank, for which you were paid $225,000, we've learned from the WikiLeaks, that you said this, and I want to quote. "My dream is a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders." So that's the question...
 That's the question. Please quiet, everybody. Is that your dream, open borders?
 Well?
 Hold onhold on, wait. Hold on, folks. Because wethis is going to end up getting out of control. Let's try to keep it quiet sofor the candidates and for the American people.
 Yes?
 Wait, but...
 Secretary Clinton...
 Mr. Trump...
 Mr. Trump...
 I do get to ask some questions.
 And I would like to ask you this direct question. The top national security officials of this country do believe that Russia has been behind these hacks. Even if you don't know for sure whether they are, do you condemn any interference by Russia in the American election?
 You condemn their interference?
 I'm not askingI'm asking do you condemn?
 We're a long way away from immigration, but I'm going to let you finish this topic. You got about 45 seconds.
 Very quickly.
 OK.
 We're going tono, we are going to move on to the next topic, which is the economy. And I hope we handle that as well as we did immigration. You also have very different ideas about how to get the economy growing faster. Secretary Clinton, in your plan, government plays a big role. You see more government spending, more entitlements, more tax credits, more tax penalties. Mr. Trump, you want to get government out with lower taxes and less regulation.
 We're going to drill down into this a little bit more. But in this overview, please explain to me why you believe that your plan will create more jobs and growth for this country and your opponent's plan will not. In this round, you go first, Secretary Clinton.
 Secretary, thank you. Mr. Trump, why will your plan create more jobs and growth than Secretary Clinton's?
 Time, Mr. Trump.
 Mr. Trump?
 Secretary...
 Secretary Clinton, I want to pursue your plan, because in many ways it is similar to the Obama stimulus plan in 2009, which has led to the slowest GDP growth since 1949.
 Thank you, sir.You told me in July when we spoke that the problem is that President Obama didn't get to do enough in what he was trying to do with his stimulus. So is your plan basically moreeven more of the Obama stimulus?
 Mr. Trump, even conservative economists who have looked at your plan say that the numbers don't add up, that your idea, and you've talked about 25 million jobs created, 4 percent...
 ... growth is unrealistic. And they sayyou talk a lot about growing the energy industry. They say with oil prices as low as they are right now, that's unrealistic, as well. Your response, sir?
 I want you to give you a chance to briefly speak to that, and then I want to pivot to one-sixth of the economy...
 ... which is Obamacare. But go ahead, briefly.
 Mr. Trump?
 Secretary Clinton? Go ahead, Mr. Trump.
 All right. We are going to get to foreign hot spots in a few moments, but the next segment is fitness to be president of the United States. Mr. Trump, at the last debate, you said your talk about grabbing women was just that, talk, and that you'd never actually done it. And since then, as we all know, nine women have come forward and have said that you either groped them or kissed them without their consent.Why would so many different women from so many different circumstances over so many different years, why would they all in this last couple of weeks make upyou deny thiswhy would they all make up these stories?Since this is a question for both of you, Secretary Clinton, Mr. Trump says what your husband did and that you defended was even worse. Mr. Trump, you go first.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Her two minutessir, her two minutes. Her two minutes.
 It's her two minutes.
 Mr. Trump...
 Please, everybody.
 Secretary Clinton?
 During the last...
 OK.
 In this bucket about fitness to be president, there's been a lot of developments over the last 10 days since the last debate. I'd like to ask you about them. These are questions that the American people have.Secretary Clinton, during your 2009 Senate confirmation hearing, you promised to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest with your dealing with the Clinton Foundation while you were secretary of state, but e-mails show that donors got special access to you. Those seeking grants for Haiti relief were considered separately from non-donors, and some of those donors got contracts, government contracts, taxpayer money.Can you really say that you kept your pledge to that Senate committee? And why isn't what happened and what went on between you and the Clinton Foundation, why isn't it what Mr. Trump calls pay to play?
 Secretary Clinton...
 Secretary Clinton, respectfully, this isthis is an open discussion.
 And the specific question went to pay for play. Do you want to talk about that?
 Let's ask Mr. Trump.
 Please let Mr. Trump speak.
 Please let Mr. Trump speak.
 Secretary Clinton?
 All right.
 Wasn't some of the money used to settle your lawsuits, sir?
 Right. But there was a penalty that was imposed by Palm Beach County, and the money came from your foundation...
 ... instead of Mar-a-Lago or yourself, sir.
 I want to get into one...
 I want...
 We...
 But, no, we heard this...
 Mr. Trump, weOK.
 Folks, we heard this...
 Folks, we heard this...
 Mr. Trump...
 Mr. Trump, I want to ask you about one last question in this topic. You have been warning at rallies recently that this election is rigged and that Hillary Clinton is in the process of trying to steal it from you.Your running mate, Governor Pence, pledged on Sunday that he and youhis words"will absolutely accept the result of this election." Today your daughter, Ivanka, said the same thing. I want to ask you here on the stage tonight Do you make the same commitment that you will absolutelysir, that you will absolutely accept the result of this election?
 But, sir, there's...
 But...
 But, sir, there is a tradition in this countryin fact, one of the prides of this countryis the peaceful transition of power and that no matter how hard-fought a campaign is, that at the end of the campaign that the loser concedes to the winner. Not saying that you're necessarily going to be the loser or the winner, but that the loser concedes to the winner and that the country comes together in part for the good of the country. Are you saying you're not prepared now to commit to that principle?
 OK.
 Hold on. Hold on, folks. Hold on, folks.
 All right.
 Hold on, folks. This doesn't do any good for anyone. Let's please continue the debate, and let's move on to the subject of foreign hot spots.The Iraqi offensive to take back Mosul has begun. If they are successful in pushing ISIS out of that city and out of all of Iraq, the question then becomes, what happens the day after? And that's something that whichever of you ends upwhoever of you ends up as president is going to have to confront.Will you put U.S. troops into that vacuum to make sure that ISIS doesn't come back or isn't replaced by something even worse? Secretary Clinton, you go first in this segment. You have two minutes.
 Mr. Trump, same question. If we are able to push ISIS out of Mosul and out of Iraq, willwould you be willing to put U.S. troops in there to prevent their return or something else?
 Sir, your two minutes are up.
 Secretary Clinton, it's...
 Wait, wait, wait, Secretary Clinton, it's an open discussion.
 Secretary, please let Mr. Trump speak.
 Let's turn to Aleppo. Mr. Trump, in the last debate, you were both asked about the situation in the Syrian city of Aleppo. And I want to follow up on that, because you said several things in that debate which were not true, sir. You said that Aleppo has basically fallen. In fact, therein fact, there are...
 It's a catastrophe, but there...
 There are a quarter of...
 Sir...
 Sir, if I may finish my question...
 Well, there are a quarter of a million people still living there and being slaughtered.
 Yes.
 If I may just finish here, and you also said thatthat Syria and Russia are busy fighting ISIS. In fact, they have been the ones who've been bombing and shelling eastern Aleppo, and they just announced a humanitarian pause, in effect, admitting that they have been bombing and shelling Aleppo. Would you like to clear that up, sir?
 Let me...
 Secretary Clinton, you have talked aboutand in the last debate and again todaythat you would impose a no-fly zone to try to protect the people of Aleppo and to stop the killing there. President Obama has refused to do that because he fears it's going to draw us closer or deeper into the conflict.And General Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, says you impose a no-fly zone, chances are you're going to get into a warhis wordswith Syria and Russia. So the question I have is, if you impose a no-fly zonefirst of all, how do you respond to their concerns? Secondly, if you impose a no-fly zone and a Russian plane violates that, does President Clinton shoot that plane down?
 Folks, I want to get into our final segment.
 Real quick.
 OK.
 Mr. Trump, Secretary Clintonno, we need to move on to our final segment, and that is the national debt, which has not been discussed until tonight.Our national debt, as a share of the economy, our GDP, is now 77 percent. That's the highest since just after World War II. But the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget says, Secretary Clinton, under your plan, debt would rise to 86 percent of GDP over the next 10 years. Mr. Trump, under your plan, they say it would rise to 105 percent of GDP over the next 10 years. The question is, why are both of you ignoring this problem? Mr. Trump, you go first.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Time.
 Well, no, sir, because we're running out of time...
 OK.
 All right. The one last area I want to get into with you in this debate is the fact that the biggest driver of our debt is entitlements, which is 60 percent of all federal spending. Now, the Committee for federala Responsible Federal Budget has looked at both of your plans and they say neither of you has a serious plan that is going to solve the fact that Medicare's going to run out of money in the 2020s, Social Security is going to run out of money in the 2030s, and at that time, recipients are going to take huge cuts in their benefits.So, in effect, the final question I want to ask you in this regard isand let me start with you, Mr. Trump, would President Trump make a deal to save Medicare and Social Security that included both tax increases and benefit cuts, in effect, a grand bargain on entitlements?
 That's not going to help in the entitlements.
 And, Secretary Clinton, same question, because at this point, Social Security and Medicare are going to run out, the trust funds are going to run out of money. Will you as president entertainwill you consider a grand bargain, a deal that includes both tax increases and benefit cuts to try to save both programs?
 This isthis is the final time, probably to both of your delight, that you're going to be on a stage together in this campaign. I would like to end it on a positive note. You had not agreed to closing statements, but it seems to me in a funny way that might make it more interesting because you haven't prepared closing statements.So I'd like you each to takeand we're going to put a clock up, a minute, as the final question in the final debate, to tell the American people why they should elect you to be the next president. This is another new mini-segment. Secretary Clinton, it's your turn to go first.
 Secretary Clinton, thank you.Mr. Trump?
 Thank you both.Secretary Clintonhold on just a moment, folks. Secretary Clinton, Mr. Trump, I want to thank you both for participating in all three of these debates.That brings to an end this year's debates sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates. We want to thank the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and its students for having us. Now the decision is up to you.While millions have already voted, Election Day, November 8th, is just 20 days away. One thing everyone here can agree on We hope you will go vote. It is one of the honors and obligations of living in this great country. Thank you, and good night.
 Ladies and gentlemen the Republican nominee for president, Donald J. Trump, and the Democratic nominee for president, Hillary Clinton.
 Thank you very much for being here. We're going to begin with a question from one of the members in our town hall. Each of you will have two minutes to respond to this question. Secretary Clinton, you won the coin toss, so you'll go first. Our first question comes from Patrice Brock. Patrice?QUESTION Thank you, and good evening. The last debate could have been rated as MA, mature audiences, per TV parental guidelines. Knowing that educators assign viewing the presidential debates as students' homework, do you feel you're modeling appropriate and positive behavior for today's youth?
 Secretary Clinton, thank you. Mr. Trump, you have two minutes.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. The question from Patrice was about are you both modeling positive and appropriate behavior for today's youth? We received a lot of questions online, Mr. Trump, about the tape that was released on Friday, as you can imagine. You called what you said locker room banter. You described kissing women without consent, grabbing their genitals. That is sexual assault. You bragged that you have sexually assaulted women. Do you understand that?
 So, Mr. Trump...
 Just for the record, though, are you saying that what you said on that bus 11 years ago that you did not actually kiss women without consent or grope women without consent?
 So, for the record, you're saying you never did that?
 Have you ever done those things?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 Secretary Clinton, do you want to respond?
 And we want to get to some questions from online...
 Yes, you can respond to that.
 Mr. Trump, Mr. TrumpI want to get to audience questions and online questions.
 You're going to haveyou're going to get to respond right now.
 This tape is generating intense interest. In just 48 hours, it's become the single most talked about story of the entire 2016 election on Facebook, with millions and millions of people discussing it on the social network. As we said a moment ago, we do want to bring in questions from voters around country via social media, and our first stays on this topic. Jeff from Ohio asks on Facebook, "Trump says the campaign has changed him. When did that happen?" So, Mr. Trump, let me add to that. When you walked off that bus at age 59, were you a different man or did that behavior continue until just recently? And you have two minutes for this.
 Can we please hold the applause? Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes.
 Secretary Clinton, I want to follow up on that.
 I'm going to let you talk about e-mails.
 And really, the audience needs to calm down here.
 Secretary Clinton...
 We want to remind the audience to please not talk out loud. Please do not applaud. You're just wasting time.
 And, Secretary Clinton, I do want to follow up on e- mails. You've said your handing of your e-mails was a mistake. You disagreed with FBI Director James Comey, calling your handling of classified information, quote, "extremely careless." The FBI said that there were 110 classified e-mails that were exchanged, eight of which were top secret, and that it was possible hostile actors did gain access to those e-mails. You don't call that extremely careless?
 OK, we're going to move on.
 We have to move on.
 Secretary Clinton, you can respond, and then we got to move on.
 We want to give the audience a chance.
 Secretary Clinton, you can respond. Then we have to move on to an audience question.
 Allow her to respond, please.
 Please allow her to respond. She didn't talk while you talked.
 Allow her to respond.
 We have a question here from Ken Karpowicz. He has a question about health care. Ken?
 We brought up the e-mails.
 Ken Karpowicz has a question.
 That first one goes to Secretary Clinton, because you started out the last one to the audience.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton, your time is up.
 Mr. Trump, you have two minutes.
 Mr. Trump, your time...
 Secretary Clinton, let me follow up with you. Your husband called Obamacare, quote, "the craziest thing in the world," saying that small-business owners are getting killed as premiums double, coverage is cut in half. Was he mistaken or was the mistake simply telling the truth?
 Secretary Clinton...
 Your time is up.
 Mr. Trump, let me follow up on this.
 You've said you want to end Obamacare...
 You've said you want to end Obamacare. You've also said you want to make coverage accessible for people with pre-existing conditions. How do you force insurance companies to do that if you're no longer mandating that every American get insurance?
 What does that mean?
 Are you goingare you going to have a mandate that Americans have to have health insurance?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 We now go to Gorbah Hamed with a question for both candidates.QUESTION Hi. There are 3.3 million Muslims in the United States, and I'm one of them. You've mentioned working with Muslim nations, but with Islamophobia on the rise, how will you help people like me deal with the consequences of being labeled as a threat to the country after the election is over?
 Mr. Trump, you're first.
 Secretary Clinton?
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton.Mr. Trump, in December, you said this. "Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on. We have no choice. We have no choice." Your running mate said this week that the Muslim ban is no longer your position. Is that correct? And if it is, was it a mistake to have a religious test?
 And why did it morph into that? No, did youno, answer the question. Do you still believe...
 I do.
 Would you please explain whether or not the Muslim ban still stands?
 And, Secretary Clinton, let me ask you about that, because you have asked for an increase from 10,000 to 65,000 Syrian refugees. We know you want tougher vetting. That's not a perfect system. So why take the risk of having those refugees come into the country?
 There's been lots of fact-checking on that. I'd like to move on to an online question...
 She did not.
 Very quickly, please.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. I want to move on. This next question from the public through the Bipartisan Open Debate Coalition's online forum, where Americans submitted questions that generated millions of votes. This question involves WikiLeaks release of purported excerpts of Secretary Clinton's paid speeches, which she has refused to release, and one line in particular, in which you, Secretary Clinton, purportedly say you need both a public and private position on certain issues. So, Tu, from Virginia asks, is it OK for politicians to be two-faced? Is it acceptable for a politician to have a private stance on issues? Secretary Clinton, your two minutes.
 We're going to get to that later. Secretary Clinton, you're out of time.
 Mr. Trump?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 We want to turn, actually, to the topic of taxes. We have a question from Spencer Maass. Spencer?QUESTION Good evening. My question is, what specific tax provisions will you change to ensure the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share in taxes?
 Mr. Trump, you have two minutes.
 Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes. The question was, what specific tax provisions will you change to ensure the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share of taxes?
 Thank you, Secretary.
 Thank you. I want to give youMr. Trump, I want to give you the chance to respond. I just wanted to tell our viewers what she's referring to. In the last month, taxes were the number-one issue on Facebook for the first time in the campaign. The New York Times published three pages of your 1995 tax returns. They show you claimed a $916 million loss, which means you could have avoided paying personal federal income taxes for years. You've said you pay state taxes, employee taxes, real estate taxes, property taxes. You have not answered, though, a simple question. Did you use that $916 million loss to avoid paying personal federal income taxes for years?
 So have you paid personal federal income tax?
 So can youcan you say how many years you have avoided paying personal federal income taxes?
 In the past...
 SecretaryI want you to be able to respond, Secretary Clinton.
 Allow her to respond.
 Please allow her to respond. She didn't interrupt you.
 Thank you, secretary.
 Thank you, secretary.
 We're going to move on to Syria. Both of you have mentioned that.
 No, we canno, Mr. Trump, we're going to go on. This is about the audience.
 Mr. Trump, we're going to move on. The heart-breaking video of a 5-year-old Syrian boy named Omran sitting in an ambulance after being pulled from the rubble after an air strike in Aleppo focused the world's attention on the horrors of the war in Syria, with 136 million views on Facebook alone.But there are much worse images coming out of Aleppo every day now, where in the past few weeks alone, 400 people have been killed, at least 100 of them children. Just days ago, the State Department called for a war crimes investigation of the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad and its ally, Russia, for their bombardment of Aleppo.So this next question comes through social media through Facebook. Diane from Pennsylvania asks, if you were president, what would you do about Syria and the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo? Isn't it a lot like the Holocaust when the U.S. waited too long before we helped? Secretary Clinton, we will begin with your two minutes.
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton. Mr. Trump?
 Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, your two minutes is up.
 Your two minutes is up.
 Mr. Trump, let me repeat the question. If you were president...[laughter]...what would you do about Syria and the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo? And I want to remind you what your running mate said. He said provocations by Russia need to be met with American strength and that if Russia continues to be involved in air strikes along with the Syrian government forces of Assad, the United States of America should be prepared to use military force to strike the military targets of the Assad regime.
 You disagree with your running mate?
 What do you think will happen if Aleppo falls?
 What do you think will happen if it falls?
 There are sometimes reasons the military does that. Psychological warfare.
 It might be to help get civilians out.
 Tell me what your strategy is.
 I'm going to go to Secretary Clinton. Secretary Clinton, you want Assad to go. You advocated arming rebels, but it looks like that may be too late for Aleppo. You talk about diplomatic efforts. Those have failed. Cease-fires have failed. Would you introduce the threat of U.S. military force beyond a no-fly zone against the Assad regime to back up diplomacy?
 But what would you do differently than President Obama is doing?
 Thank you very much. We're going to move on...
 You had many answers.
 We've got a question over here from James Carter. Mr. Carter?QUESTION My question is, do you believe you can be a devoted president to all the people in the United States?
 That question begins for Mr. Trump.
 Mr. Trump, thank you.
 Your two minutes is up. Secretary Clinton, two minutes?
 You have two minutes, Secretary Clinton.
 Your time, Secretary Clinton.
 Your two minutes is up.
 Secretary Clinton, your two minutes is up. I want to follow up on something that Donald Trump actually said to you, a comment you made last month. You said that half of Donald Trump's supporters are, quote, "deplorables, racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic." You later said you regretted saying half. You didn't express regret for using the term "deplorables." To Mr. Carter's question, how can you unite a country if you've written off tens of millions of Americans?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Secretary.
 I want to give you a minute to respond.
 She said some of them are irredeemable.
 Mr. Trump, let me follow up with you. In 2008, you wrote in one of your books that the most important characteristic of a good leader is discipline. You said, if a leader doesn't have it, quote, "he or she won't be one for very long." In the days after the first debate, you sent out a series of tweets from 3 a.m. to 5 a.m., including one that told people to check out a sex tape. Is that the discipline of a good leader?
 You mentioned sex tape.
 The question is, is that the discipline of a good leader?
 Secretary Clinton, does Mr. Trump have the discipline to be a good leader?
 We have to move along.
 Secretary Clinton, we have to...
 Secretary Clinton, we're moving.
 Secretary Clinton, we are moving to an audience question. We're almost out of time. We have another...
 We're moving to an audience question.
 Mr. Trump, Secretary Clinton, we want to get to the audience. Thank you very much both of you. [laughter]We have another audience question. Beth Miller has a question for both candidates.QUESTION Good evening. Perhaps the most important aspect of this election is the Supreme Court justice. What would you prioritize as the most important aspect of selecting a Supreme Court justice?
 We begin with your two minutes, Secretary Clinton.
 Thank you, Secretary Clinton. Thank you. You're out of time. Mr. Trump?
 Thank you very much. We're going to get on to one more question.
 Thank you.
 We havewe have one more question, Mrs. Clinton.
 We have one more question from Ken Bone about energy policy. Ken?QUESTION What steps will your energy policy take to meet our energy needs, while at the same time remaining environmentally friendly and minimizing job loss for fossil power plant workers?
 Mr. Trump, two minutes?
 Your time is up. Thank you.
 Secretary Clinton, two minutes.
 Secretary Clinton...
 Your time is up.
 Time is up. We have time for one more...
 We have...
 One more audience question.
 We've sneaked in one more question, and it comes from Karl Becker.QUESTION Good evening. My question to both of you is, regardless of the current rhetoric, would either of you name one positive thing that you respect in one another?
 Mr. Trump, would you like to go first?
 Mr. Trump?
 Thanks to both of you.
 We want to thank both the candidates. We want to thank the university here. This concludes the town hall meeting. Our thanks to the candidates, the commission, Washington University, and to everybody who watched.
 Please tune in on October 19th for the final presidential debate that will take place at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. Good night, everyone.
 Good evening from Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. I'm Lester Holt, anchor of "NBC Nightly News." I want to welcome you to the first presidential debate.The participants tonight are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. This debate is sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates, a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization. The commission drafted tonight's format, and the rules have been agreed to by the campaigns.The 90-minute debate is divided into six segments, each 15 minutes long. We'll explore three topic areas tonight Achieving prosperity; America's direction; and securing America. At the start of each segment, I will ask the same lead-off question to both candidates, and they will each have up to two minutes to respond. From that point until the end of the segment, we'll have an open discussion.The questions are mine and have not been shared with the commission or the campaigns. The audience here in the room has agreed to remain silent so that we can focus on what the candidates are saying.I will invite you to applaud, however, at this moment, as we welcome the candidates Democratic nominee for president of the United States, Hillary Clinton, and Republican nominee for president of the United States, Donald J. Trump.
 Good luck to you.Well, I don't expect us to cover all the issues of this campaign tonight, but I remind everyone, there are two more presidential debates scheduled. We are going to focus on many of the issues that voters tell us are most important, and we're going to press for specifics. I am honored to have this role, but this evening belongs to the candidates and, just as important, to the American people.Candidates, we look forward to hearing you articulate your policies and your positions, as well as your visions and your values. So, let's begin.We're calling this opening segment "Achieving Prosperity." And central to that is jobs. There are two economic realities in America today. There's been a record six straight years of job growth, and new census numbers show incomes have increased at a record rate after years of stagnation. However, income inequality remains significant, and nearly half of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck.Beginning with you, Secretary Clinton, why are you a better choice than your opponent to create the kinds of jobs that will put more money into the pockets of American works?
 Secretary Clinton, thank you.Mr. Trump, the same question to you. It's about putting moneymore money into the pockets of American workers. You have up to two minutes.
 Secretary Clinton, would you like to respond?
 Let me follow up with Mr. Trump, if you can. You've talked about creating 25 million jobs, and you've promised to bring back millions of jobs for Americans. How are you going to bring back the industries that have left this country for cheaper labor overseas? How, specifically, are you going to tell American manufacturers that you have to come back?
 Let me interrupt just a moment, but...
 Back to the question, though. How do you bring backspecifically bring back jobs, American manufacturers? How do you make them bring the jobs back?
 Let me let Secretary Clinton get in here.
 Mr. Trump?
 Very quickly...
 Folks, we're going to...
 We're going to move to...
 Let me get you to pause right there, because we're going to move intowe're going to move into the next segment. We're going to talk taxes...
 Please just take 30 seconds and then we're going to go on.
 Well, you just opened the next segment.
 I'm going to give you a chance right here...
 ... with a new 15-minute segment...
 Mr. Trump, I'm going to...
 The next segment, we're continuing...
 ... achieving prosperity...
 OK, you are unpacking a lot here. And we're still on the issue of achieving prosperity. And I want to talk about taxes. The fundamental difference between the two of you concerns the wealthy.Secretary Clinton, you're calling for a tax increase on the wealthiest Americans. I'd like you to further defend that. And, Mr. Trump, you're calling for tax cuts for the wealthy. I'd like you to defend that. And this next two-minute answer goes to you, Mr. Trump.
 All right. You have two minutes of the same question to defend tax increases on the wealthiest Americans, Secretary Clinton.
 This isthis is Secretary Clinton's two minutes, please.
 Mr. Trump, this is Secretary Clinton's two minutes.
 Mr. Trump, we're...
 Mr. Trump, we're talking about the burden that Americans have to pay, yet you have not released your tax returns. And the reason nominees have released their returns for decades is so that voters will know if their potential president owes money towho he owes it to and any business conflicts. Don't Americans have a right to know if there are any conflicts of interest?
 The IRS says an audit...
 ... of your taxesyou're perfectly free to release your taxes during an audit. And so the question, does the public's right to know outweigh your personal...
 So it's negotiable?
 Well, I'll let her answer that. But let me just admonish the audience one more time. There was an agreement. We did ask you to be silent, so it would be helpful for us. Secretary Clinton?
 He alsohe also raised the issue of your e-mails. Do you want to respond to that?
 Mr. Trump?
 We'll let you respond and we'll move on to the next segment.
 Let's let Mr. Trump...
 Well, we're well behind schedule, so I want to move to our next segment. We move into our next segment talking about America's direction. And let's start by talking about race.The share of Americans who say race relations are bad in this country is the highest it's been in decades, much of it amplified by shootings of African-Americans by police, as we've seen recently in Charlotte and Tulsa. Race has been a big issue in this campaign, and one of you is going to have to bridge a very wide and bitter gap.So how do you heal the divide? Secretary Clinton, you get two minutes on this.
 All right, Mr. Trump, you have two minutes. How do you heal the divide?
 Your twoyour two minutes expired, but I do want to follow up. Stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York, because it largely singled out black and Hispanic young men.
 The argument is that it's a form of racial profiling.
 Secretary Clinton...
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton, last week, you said we've got to do everything possible to improve policing, to go right at implicit bias. Do you believe that police are implicitly biased against black people?
 Mr. Trump...
 Please.
 This conversation is about race. And so, Mr. Trump, I have to ask you for five...
 Please20 seconds.
 Please respond, then I've got a quick follow-up for you.
 Mr. Trump, let me...
 Mr. Trump, I...
 Mr. Trump, for five years, you perpetuated a false claim that the nation's first black president was not a natural-born citizen. You questioned his legitimacy. In the last couple of weeks, you acknowledged what most Americans have accepted for years The president was born in the United States. Can you tell us what took you so long?
 That was...
 I will let you respond. It's important. But I just want to get the answer here. The birth certificate was produced in 2011. You've continued to tell the story and question the president's legitimacy in 2012, '13, '14, '15...
 .... as recently as January. So the question is, what changed your mind?
 I'm sorry. I'm just going to follow upand I will let you respond to that, because there's a lot there. But we're talking about racial healing in this segment. What do you say to Americans, people of color who...
 Secretary Clinton?
 Mr. Trump, you can respond and we're going to move on to the next segment.
 Our next segment is called "Securing America." We want to start with a 21st century war happening every day in this country. Our institutions are under cyber attack, and our secrets are being stolen. So my question is, who's behind it? And how do we fight it?Secretary Clinton, this answer goes to you.
 Your two minutes have expired.
 Mr. Trump, you have two minutes and the same question. Who's behind it? And how do we fight it?
 Secretary Clinton?
 You mention ISIS, and we think of ISIS certainly as over there, but there are American citizens who have been inspired to commit acts of terror on American soil, the latest incident, of course, the bombings we just saw in New York and New Jersey, the knife attack at a mall in Minnesota, in the last year, deadly attacks in San Bernardino and Orlando. I'll ask this to both of you. Tell us specifically how you would prevent homegrown attacks by American citizens, Mr. Trump?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Mr. Trump...
 Please respond.
 Mr. Trump, a lot of these are judgment questions. You had supported the war in Iraq before the invasion. What makes your...
 In 2002...
 My question is, since you supported it...
 ... why is yourwhy is your judgment...
 The record shows otherwise, but whywhy was...
 Why wasis your judgment any...
 Why is your judgment better than...
 My reference was to what you had said in 2002, and my question was...
 Why is your judgmentwhy is your judgment any different than Mrs. Clinton's judgment?
 Secretary Clinton?
 Secretary Clinton?
 We need to move on.
 Our last...
 Which leads to my next question, as we enter our last segment here on the, still on the subject of securing America. On nuclear weapons, President Obama reportedly considered changing the nation's longstanding policy on first use. Do you support the current policy? Mr. Trump, you have two minutes on that.
 Your two minutes is expired.
 All right. Mrs. Clinton, Secretary Clinton, you have two minutes.
 Your two minutes is...
 ... is expired.
 Very quickly. Twenty seconds.
 Mr. Trump...
 We have just...
 We have just a few final questions...
 Mr. Trump, this year Secretary Clinton became the first woman nominated for president by a major party. Earlier this month, you said she doesn't have, quote, "a presidential look." She's standing here right now. What did you mean by that?
 The quote was, "I just don't think she has the presidential look."
 Let's let her respond.
 We are atwe are at the final question.
 Very quickly, because we're at the final question now.
 Mr. Trump, could we just take 10 seconds and then we ask the final question...
 Please very quickly.
 We have to move on to the final question.
 One of you will not win this election. So my final question to you tonight, are you willing to accept the outcome as the will of the voters? Secretary Clinton?
 Mr. Trump, very quickly, same question. Will you accept the outcome as the will of the voters?
 Will you accept the outcome of the election?
 Live from the Bank United Center on the campus of the University of Miami, this is the CNN Republican Presidential debate. For our viewers in the United States and around the world, welcome to Miami Florida, I'm Jake Tapper.In just five days voters will go to the polls here in this state as well as in Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina and Missouri. The race for the Republican nomination for president could change dramatically.Florida and Ohio each have a large number of delegates at stake and they award all of them to the candidate who wins. They're a winner-take-all state. So that's the first time that will happen in this primary season and this is the last debate before that critical round of voting.We hope tonight the candidates will give the voters specifics on their visions for America.So now let's welcome the candidates.Ohio Governor John Kasich.Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.Real estate developer and businessman Donald Trump.Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidates for president of the United States.Before we begin this evening, we want to remember former first lady Nancy Reagan, who passed away this week. Her funeral will be held tomorrow and we would like to take a moment of silence to remember Nancy Reagan.Now, please rise for our national anthem performed by the Frost Singers from the University of Miami.Thanks to the Frost Singers from the University of Miami.Candidates, you can now take your positions behind the podiums while I briefly explain the rules. As moderator, I will attempt to guide the discussion, asking questions and followups. Joining me in the questioning this evening will be Washington Times reporter Stephen Dinan, CNN Chief Political Correspondent Dana Bash, and Salem Radio's Hugh Hewitt.Candidates, you have one minute and 15 seconds to answer each question, and 45 seconds to respond to followups or for rebuttals if your name is invoked. That's longer than you've had in previous debates.Timing lights will be visible. Those lights will warn you when time is up. And as you requested, a bell will also sound, like this.We know that each of you wants to debate these important issues, but please wait until you are called upon and please do not talk over one another. These are the rules to which all of you agreed.Our goal this evening is a serious debate on the issues.It's time now for opening statements. You'll each have 30 seconds.Governor Kasich, we will start with you.
 Senator Rubio?
 Senator Cruz?
 Mr. Trump?
 Thank you. Thank you.Let's begin with jobs and the economy, which Republican voters say is the most important issue to them in this election. There have been some real differences expressed in  on this stage on whether trade deals have been good for the American workers. One of Mr. Trump's, the front runner's, signature issues is ending what he calls "disastrous trade deals" in order to bring jobs back to America.Governor Kasich, I'd like to start with you. You've been a strong advocate for these trade deals over the years. Critics say these deals are great for corporate America's bottom line, but have cost the U.S. at least 1 million jobs. How do you respond to the criticism that you've been catering to board rooms at the expense of the American middle class?
 Mr. Trump, your critics say your campaign platform is inconsistent with how you run your businesses, noting that you've brought in foreign workers instead of hiring Americans, and your companies manufacture clothing in China and Mexico.Why should voters trust that you will run the country differently from how you run your businesses?
 Senator Rubio, last October, you said that you're, quote, "generally very much in favor of free trade." More recently, you backed a away from your support of some trade deals. If elected, will you support free trade deals even if it means the inevitable loss of U.S. jobs?
 Senator Cruz, you were a supporter of the Pacific trade deal, but after taking some heat from conservatives, you changed your position. Why should these voters who don't like these trade deals trust that you will fight for them all the time and not just in election years?
 Let's talk more about how American jobs are impacted by foreign workers. Let's go to Stephen Dinan of the Washington Times. Stephen.
 Senator Rubio in late 2014, Disney laid off 250 tech workers in Orlando, replacing many of them with foreign workers. Some of the Americans even had to train their own replacements. You support increasing the H-1B visa program that made it possible to bring in these foreign workers. Doesn't this program take jobs away from Americans?
 Senator Rubio, real quick follow-up on this.You've  in the  in the context of illegal immigration, you've called for basically putting off any legalization process until we get the border secured.
 Why not call for a pause on H1Bs until those abuses you've talked about are solved.
 Governor Kasich, I want to come to you next. Mr. Trump says that legal immigration is producing quote, "lower wages and higher unemployment for U.S. workers". He's calling for a pause on green cards issued to foreign workers. Wouldn't that help workers in the U.S.?
 Mr. Trump, I do want to come to you. Will you also in your answer, address how long you think that pause would be and what that pause would look like.
 Senator Cruz, I want to bring you in very quickly on this.The United States averages about a million new permanent legal immigrants a year and hundreds of thousands more guest workers. What should the right level be?
 Senator Rubio, did you want to weigh in?
 Education obviously plays a large role when it comes to jobs and the economy. The United States has long been falling behind others in the industrialized world. American students currently rank 27th out of 34 countries in math and 17th in reading.Mr. Trump, you've called the education standards known as Common Core a disaster. What are your specific objections to Common Core?
 OK. But just to clarify, the Common Core standards were developed by the states, states and localities voluntarily adopt them, and they come up with their own curricula to meet those standards. So when you say "education by Washington, D.C.," what do you mean?
 Governor Kasich, you have called opposition to Common Core hysteria. What is your response to grassroots conservatives who do not agree with you?
 So, Senator Cruz, let me bring you in. You object to Common Core. Governor Kasich says it's local school boards developing local curriculum to meet higher standards. What's wrong with that?
 Let's move on to another topic of particular interest here in Florida. Florida has the highest percentage of seniors in the country. There are 3.1 million senior citizens here who receive Social Security benefits, and they're very interested in hearing what you candidates intend to do to keep Social Security going for future generations.Let me turn now to my colleague Dana Bash.
 Senator Rubio, you argue Americans your age must have an honest conversation about making Social Security sustainable. For people under 55, you want to raise the retirement age and also reduce benefits for wealthier Americans. So, what should the new retirement age be? And how much will those benefits be cut?
 Senator, the question was specific though. You made your plan very clear about generally what you want to do, but how high would the retirement age go and how much would you cut those benefits?
 Mr. Trump, you don't want to raise the retirement age, and you also don't want to cut benefits even for wealthier Americans. But according to the Social Security Administration, unless adjustments are made, Social Security is projected to run out of money within 20 years. So specifically, what would you do to stop that from happening?
 Senator Rubio, I know you want to get in. Hang on one second, I just want to follow up with Mr. Trump. You're talking about waste, fraud and abuse, but an independent bipartisan organization, the Committee For a Responsible Federal Budget, says improper payments like you're talking about, that would only save about $3 billion, but it would take $150 billion to make Social Security solvent. So how would you find that other $147 million?
 Senator Rubio, will that be enough to save Social Security?
 Mr. Trump, Senator Rubio says your numbers don't add up. What's your response? Senator Rubio says that your numbers don't add up. What's your response, Mr. Trump?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Cruz, you advocate allowing younger workers to put some of their Social Security taxes into personal accounts. What do you say to critics who say that market volatility means that this is a disastrous proposal?
 Did you justice just compare Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton on this issue?
 Thank you Senator Cruz.Mr. Trump, would you like to respond?
 Senator Cruz?
 OK. Mr. Trump, I'll let you respond because he mentioned you but then I'm going to move to Governor Kasich. Go ahead.
 Governor Kasich, let's get back to Social Security. You told a voter in New Hampshire to quote, "Get over cuts to Social Security benefits" because you have a reform plan and that is just the reality you say that is out there. Why is cutting Social Security payments the solution?
 Thank you, Governor.Let's take a broader look at the Republican Party now. Mr. Trump, one of the concerns your opponents have expressed throughout the course of this campaign is the notion that in their estimation you hold views that are at direct odds with Republican Party tradition.How are you looking to fundamentally change the Republican Party as its potential leader? What should the Republican Party stand for in 2016?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Cruz......Donald Trump has so far won 35 percent of the vote. Those people are signing up to his vision of the Republican Party. What do you think is wrong with that vision?
 Mr. Trump, we'll give you a chance to respond.
 Senator Cruz?
 OK.
 All right. We're going to take a very quick break. When we come back, we'll have much more of this Republican presidential debate from the University of Miami right after this. Stay with us.
 Welcome back to the CNN Republican presidential debate in Miami, Florida.Mr. Trump, let me start with you. Last night, you told CNN quote, "Islam hates us?" Did you mean all 1.6 billion Muslims.
 Do you want to clarify the comment at all?
 Senator Rubio, your supporter, Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, said in response to Mr. Trump's comment last night, I'm sorry  Senator Jeff Flake, I apologize. Your supporter, Republican Senator Jeff Flake said in response to that comment, Republicans are better than this. Do you agree?
 Mr. Trump?
 Mr. Trump, thank you.
 Senator Rubio?
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Kasich, do you think Islam hates us?
 Thank you, Governor Kasich.Mr. Trump, I want to ask you about something else you've said during the course of this campaign. You said that the U.S. has to, quote, "take out" the families of terrorists. When it was pointed out that targeting civilians is against the Geneva Conventions, you said, quote, "So they can kill us, but we can't kill them?"It is against federal, military and international law to target civilians. So how will you order the military to target the families of suspected terrorists, while also abiding by the law?
 Senator Rubio, would you as president pursue a policy of targeting the families of suspected terrorists?
 Senator Cruz, you've talked about changing the rules of engagement in battle against ISIS. Would that include targeting the families of suspected terrorists?
 Thank you Senator Cruz.Mr. Trump. we're going to come to you in a second, but wait. I want to go to Hugh Hewitt, who has questions on this exact line of subject.Mr. Trump, I want to follow-up on the quote that Senator Cruz used. You said you would want to be, quote, "sort of a neutral guy". He did mention Taylor Force. He was a West Point graduate, he was a war hero. He was a Vanderbilt graduate student.He was killed in a Palestinian terror attack near Tel Aviv, many others were killed. And the Israeli government says the Palestinian authority is inciting this. Do you still want to stay neutral when the Palestinian authority is inciting these attacks.
 Senator Trump...
 Thank you Mr. Trump. Senator Cruz and Senator Rubio.
 Senator Rubio.
 Thank you.
 I want to go back to the Israeli government's assertion that the Palestinian Authority is inciting the convulsion of violence. Do you agree.
 Mr. Trump, and then I'll come to you Senator Kasich.
 Thank you senator.Mr. Trump a response and then we'll go to Governor Kasich.
 Governor Kasich, do you agree the Israeli government that the Palestinian Authority is inciting this violence?
 Thank you, Governor. Senator Cruz, I want to stay in the region. Just this week the head of U.S. Central Command, General General Lloyd Austin, essentially said it's going to take a lot more troops on the ground to fix  to end the ISIS threat in Syria and Iraq.From the beginning of this campaign, you have said you will follow the judgment of military commanders in the Pentagon. So here's the commander saying we need a lot more troops on the ground. Will you follow that advice and inject Americans again into what is in essence is metastasizing Sunni-Shia civil war?
 Governor Kasich, if it takes 20,000 or 30,000, if the Pentagon says that's what needs to be done, will you follow their advice?
 Mr. Trump, more troops?
 How many...
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.Let's turn from current conflicts to those who have served in conflicts.Senator Rubio, according to a V.A. study, of the 22 veterans who commit suicide every day, 17 of them have no connection to the V.A. The V.A. believes that this lack of connection is one of the reasons for this tragically high suicide rate.What specifically would you do as president to make sure that veterans in crisis are able to get the help they need?
 Governor Kasich, the Veterans Affairs Department is one of the biggest line items in the domestic budget. As part of its attempt to cut costs, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives just voted to try to reduce spending in the post-9/11 GI Bill.Should veterans' benefits be part of attempts to reduce the deficit?
 Thank you, Governor Kasich.Let's turn to another issue of real importance here in Florida. Just over a week from now, President Obama will visit Cuba, the first time in 88 years that a sitting U.S. president will set foot in Cuba.Two of you on this stage have parents who were born in Cuba and moved to the United States. Let's go back to my colleague Dana Bash.
 Senator Rubio, Donald Trump agrees with President Obama in his decision to reengage diplomatically in Cuba. The majority of Americans seem to agree with that as well. So why are President Obama, Donald Trump and the majority of Americans wrong?
 Mr. Trump, you said the concept of opening Cuba is fine. You said the concept of opening Cuba is fine. Why do you agree with President Obama and disagree with what Senator Rubio just said?
 Senator Rubio, I know you want to get in. But just to be clear, Mr. Trump, are you saying that if you were president, you would continue the diplomatic relations or would you reverse them?
 But Mr. Trump, just to be clear, there is an embassy that you would have to decide whether it would be open or whether you would close it. Which would it be? In Havana.
 Thank you, Senator Rubio. Senator Cruz, if you become president, would you reverse course and once again break diplomatic relations with Cuba?
 Thank you Senator Cruz. Mr. Trump.
 Senator Cruz, your response?
 Thank you Mr. Trump. Let's refocus this back on Cuba.Governor Kasich, a pair of entrepreneurs from Alabama and North Carolina have just received approval to build the first U.S. factory in Cuba, making tractor for small farms. This is a direct result of President Obama's policy in Cuba that we've been talking about. If you were elected would you encourage more U.S. companies to do business like that in Cuba?
 Thank you governor. Thank you governor. While we're discussing the issues of importance to Floridians, I reached out to the Republican mayor of Miami, Tomas Regalado, to find out what he wanted to hear from you this evening.Mayor Regalado told me, quote, "Climate change means rising ocean levels, which in south Florida means flooding downtown and in our neighborhoods. It's an every day reality in our city. Will you, as president acknowledge the reality of the scientific consensus about climate change and as president, will you pledge to do something about it?" Unquote.Senator Rubio, the Miami mayor has endorsed you. Will you honor his request for a pledge and acknowledge the reality of the scientific consensus of climate change and pledge to do something about it?
 So just to clarify, Senator Rubio, Mayor Regalado when he talks about the reality of the scientific consensus about climate change, the Republican mayor of Miami, he's saying the scientific consensus is that man does contribute to climate change.When you talk to him, because he is the mayor of Miami and he has endorsed you, do you tell him that he's wrong?
 Governor Kasich, what would you say to the mayor of Miami?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Cruz, I want to talk a little bit right now about how you gentlemen see the world. Senator Cruz, Colin Powell this week said that the nasty tone of this presidential election is hurting the image of the U.S. abroad. He said, quote, "foreigners of the world looking at this are distressed." Does it matter to you what the rest of the world thinks of the United States?
 Thank you, Senator.Mr. Trump, some of your Republican critics have expressed concern about comments you have made praising authoritarian dictators. You have said positive things about Putin as a leader and about China's massacre of pro-democracy protesters at Tiananmen Square, you've said "When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it, then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength."How do you respond...
 But the word strong obviously is a compliment......and many people would look at what the Chinese leaders have done and what Putin is doing as atrocities.
 Governor Kasich, when you were a member of Congress, you were outspoken about the Tiananmen Square massacre. What do you think?
 Thank you, Governor Kasich.We're going to take another quick break. When we come back, we'll have more of the Republican presidential debate from Miami, Florida, right after this. Stay with us.
 Welcome back to the CNN Republican presidential debate in Miami, Florida.Mr. Trump, I want to start with you in this block. Earlier today, a man was arrested and charged with assault after sucker- punching a protester in the face at your rally in Fayettville, North Carolina. This is hardly the first incident of violence breaking out at one of your rallies.Today, Hillary Clinton, your potential general election opponent, clearly indicated she sees this as an issue for the campaign. She said, quote, "this kind of behavior is repugnant. We set the tone for our campaigns, we should encourage respect, not violence." Do you believe that you've done anything to create a tone where this kind of violence would be encouraged?
 Some of your critics point to quotes you've made at these debates  at these rallies including February 23rd, "I'd like to punch him in the face," referring to a protesters. February 27th, "in the good ol' days, they'd have ripped him out of that seat so fast." February 1st, "knock the crap out of him, would, you? Seriously, OK, just knock the hell. I promise you I will pay for the legal fees, I promise, I promise."
 Senator Cruz, are you concerned at all that these kind of scenes potentially hurt the Republican party for the general election?
 Thank you senator.Mr. Trump, if you'd like to respond.
 Governor Kasich, do you worry about the scenes of violence at some of these rallies affecting the Republican party's chances in November?
 Thank you governor.Senator Rubio? I know you want to say something.
 Thank you senator.
 Thank you senator.The math suggests that it possible that not one of you will reach the magic number of 1,237 delegates before the Republican convention, which would mean a contested convention. Let's go back to Salem Radio's Hugh Hewitt.
 Thank you Jake.Governor Kasich, the math and the maps say that you can only become the nominee if in fact there is a contested convention. If we arrive on the shores of Lake Erie, Donald Trump has the most delegates. Why shouldn't the person with the most delegates, even if it's not a majority of delegates, be the nominee?
 Thank you, Governor.Mr. Trump, if you arrive in Cleveland with a plurality and the most, but not a majority, is it legitimate for someone else to emerge from that convention the nominee? And if so, would you support that person?
 Senator Cruz, if you  if you overtake Donald Trump at the convention, what will you do to take his very passionate supporters and keep them from bolting the convention and sabotaging the fall election?
 All right. Thank you, Senator.Mr. Trump, then to Senator Rubio.
 Senator Rubio?
 Thank you, Senator. Let's send it back to Stephen Dinan of the Washington Times. Stephen?
 Mr. Trump, one of your biggest selling points is that you are largely self-funding your campaign, and you argue your opponents are controlled by their special interest donors. Will you maintain your pledge not to take outside contributions throughout the general election?
 Senator Cruz, I want to come to you. The vast majority of Republicans, and voters overall, agree with Mr. Trump that candidates are beholden to people and groups who donate to their campaigns. Do you deny that those big donors do have influence?
 Thank you, Senator. I want to go to Mr. Trump...
 ... for a response. Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Rubio, I want to come to you with a question. At the last debate, you mocked Mr. Trump for being flexible. With so much gridlock in Washington, how can you expect to lead the country and get things done if you aren't willing to show flexibility?
 All right. Mr. Trump, I want to give you a chance to respond, but specifically you talked about flexibility and one of the examples you gave was the height of the border fence. What are some of the other issues on which you're willing to show flexibility?
 Thank you.I want to go to Governor Kasich on this issue of flexibility, sir.
 Thank you, Governor.We have time for one last break. We'll be right back after this.
 And we're back with the Republican presidential debate, just five days before the next primary elections. It is time now for closing statements. Candidates, you will each have one minute. And we'll start with Governor Kasich.
Wolf Blitzer (CNN); withPANELISTSMaria Celeste Arrars (Telemundo);Dana Bash (CNN); andHugh Hewitt (Salem Radio Network)
 We're live here at the University of Houston for the 10th Republican presidential debate.An enthusiastic crowd is on hand here in the beautiful opera house at the Moore School of Music. Texas is the biggest prize next Tuesday, Super Tuesday, when 11 states vote, a day that will go a long way towards deciding who wins the Republican nomination.We want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world. I'm Wolf Blitzer. This debate is airing on CNN, CNN International, and CNN in Espanol. It's also being seen on Telemundo and heard on the Salem Radio Network. Telemundo and Salem are our partners in this debate, along with the Republican National Committee.We'd also like to welcome a very special guest with us here tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, the 41st president of the United States, George Herbert Walker Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush.Everyone here is looking forward to a lively debate. I'll be your moderator tonight. Joining me in the questioning, Telemundo host Maria Celesta Arrasas, CNN Chief Political Correspondent Dana Bash; and Salem Radio Network's Hugh Hewitt, who worked in the Reagan administration for six years.Tonight, there are five Republican candidates and they're ready to join us right now.Please welcome Ohio Governor John Kasich.Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.Businessman and real estate developer Donald Trump.Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.And retired neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson.Ladies and gentlemen, welcome the Republican candidates for president of the United States.
 Now please rise for our national anthem, performed by country music artist, Deana Carter.[the national anthem is sung]
 Thank you very much, Deana Carter. A beautiful, beautiful national anthem.The final debate before Super Tuesday begins right after this quick break.
 Welcome back to the University of Houston and the Republican presidential debate.The candidates, they are now in place. Their positions were selected based on their standing in the delegate race through Nevada, with the top candidate in the center and the others extending outward.I want to tell you how tonight's debate will work. As moderator, I will guide the discussion, asking questions and follow-ups, as will Maria Celeste, Dana Bash and Hugh Hewitt. Candidates, you'll have a minute and 15 seconds to answer and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. We have timing lights that are visible to the candidates. Those lights will warn you when your time is up, and as the candidates requested, a bell will sound like this.[bell ringing]We know you all want to jump and debate these critically important issues, but please wait until you're called on. These are the rules all of the candidates have agreed to.It's time for the candidates to introduce themselves right now. You'll each have 30 seconds. Dr. Carson, you're first.
 Governor Kasich?
 Senator Rubio?
 Senator Cruz?
 Mr. Trump.
 Thank you very much. It's now time to begin questions. Voters in the first four states have spoken, and Mr. Trump has emerged as the frontrunner, but in five days the candidates will face their biggest test yet, Super Tuesday. When nearly half of the delegates needed to win the Republican nomination will be awarded, and the biggest prize of the night is Texas.Immigration is a key issue in this state, for all voters nationwide, including the many people watching us on Telemundo. So, that's where we begin.Mr. Trump, you've called for a deportation force to remove the 11 million undocumented immigrants from the United States. You've also promised to let what you call, "the good ones", come back in. Your words, "the good ones", after they've been deported.Senator Cruz would not allow them to come back in. He says that's the biggest difference between the two of you. He calls your plan amnesty. Is it?
 Senator Cruz, what's wrong with letting what Mr. Trump calls, "the good ones" come back to the United States?
 Mr. Trump, do you want to respond to that?
 Senator Rubio?
 Mr. Trump?
 Thank you.
 Senator Cruz, you say you want to deport the 11 million undocumented immigrants, but you never want to allow them to come back to the United States. What would happen to the children who are U.S.- born citizens whose parent will be deported under your plan?
 Mr. Trump?
 Senator Cruz?
 All right. We're going to move on to Governor Kasich.Governor Kasich...
 You can respond, but let me get Governor Kasich in. He's been waiting patiently.Governor Kasich, the idea  you've said this, and I want to quote you now "The idea that we're going to deport all these people is ludicrous and everybody knows it." Those are your words. Should people be allowed to break the law just because it's not feasible to stop them?
 Thank you, Governor.Dr. Carson, you've been critical of mass deportation. You said back in November you don't think Mr. Trump's plan necessarily represents the Republican Party. Given how well Mr. Trump has been doing with the Republican primary voters, do you still believe that?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.Mr. Trump, your campaign, as you well remember, began with the idea of building a wall along the southern border.
 It's about 315 miles southwest of where we are right now. You've said the Mexican government will pay for it.
 The spokesperson for the current president of Mexico says that will never happen. The last two presidents of Mexico say that will never happen. In fact, the former president of Mexico, Vicente Fox  he said today, and I'm quoting him  he said, "I'm not going to pay for that," quote, "effing wall." [laughter]So if you don't get an actual check from the Mexican government for $8 billion or $10 billion or $12 billion, whatever it will cost, how are you going to make them pay for the wall?
 If the  if the Mexicans don't pay for the wall, will you start a trade war with Mexico?
 Thank you. Senator Rubio?
 One at a time.
 One at a time.
 Hold on. One at a time, Mr. Trump.
 All right, I want to move on.
 Mr. Trump, Senator, I want to bring in...
 ... I want to bring in my colleague Maria Celeste.
 You're allowed  you've been responding.
 Thank you. Thank you. I want to bring in Maria Celeste Arrars of Telemundo. Maria?ARRARS Senator Rubio, last week, you said that on your first day in office, you will get rid of President Obama's executive action known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA for short.
 Mr. Trump, thank you.I want to turn our attention now to another critically important issue for the American people, the United States Supreme Court, where filling the vacancy left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia has become a major campaign issue. I want to bring in Salem Radio Network host, Hugh Hewitt.Hugh?
 Thank you, Wolf.To me, it's the most important issue. I'll start with you, Senator Cruz. Do you trust Mr. Trump to nominate conservative justices?
 Mr. Trump, Senator Cruz mentioned the issue that keeps me up at night, which is religious liberty. Churches, Catholic and Christian colleges, Catholic adoption agencies  all sorts of religious institutions fear that Hobby Lobby, if it's repealed, it was a five-four decision, they're going to have to bend their knee and provide morning-after pills. They fear that if Bob Jones is expanded, they will lose their tax exemption.Will you commit to voters tonight that religious liberty will be an absolute litmus test for anyone you appoint, not just to the Supreme Court, but to all courts?
 Ted Cruz, Senator, the chief justice got Hobby Lobby right, but what do you make of Mr. Cruz's criticism?
 Mr. Trump...
 ... can I...
 Can I trust you on religious liberty?
 Mr. Cruz, will you make a deal about religious liberty?
 Let me  Senator.
 Senator Rubio.
 Senator Rubio, you've heard this exchange on religious liberty. You have said that religious liberty will trump even the ability of people to stay away from same-sex marriages, not provide flowers, not provide baked goods, et cetera. Are you satisfied with this exchange on religious liberty?
 Mr. Trump?
 Governor Kasich, back to religious liberty. You've been a little bit less emphatic. You've said, same-sex couple approaches a cupcake maker, sell them a cupcake. Can we trust you as much on religious liberty as the rest of these people?
 Dr. Carson, let me wrap it up with you. Are their positions clear?Are the positions you've heard clear about the First Amendment and the first freedom?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.All of you want to repeal and replace Obamacare, so let's talk about your plans, specific plans to replace it. I want to bring in our chief political correspondent, Dana Bash.
 Senator Rubio, you said yesterday, right here in Houston, that Mr. Trump thinks part of Obamacare is pretty good. So, he says he is going to repeal Obamacare. Are you saying that you're worried he won't?
 Mr. Trump, Senator Rubio just said that you support the individual mandate. Would you respond?
 OK, so let's talk about pre-existing conditions. What the insurance companies say is that the only way that they can cover people is to have a mandate requiring everybody purchase health insurance. Are they wrong?
 But, Mr. Trump...
 But, just to be specific here, what you're saying is getting rid of the barriers between states, that is going to solve the problem...
 ... Go ahead.


 ... Let's stay focused on the subject...
 ... Senator Rubio...
 ... Senator Rubio, please.
 Senator Rubio.[cheering]
 Senator Rubio, you will have time to respond if you would just let Mr. Trump respond to what you've just posed to him...
 ... If you could talk a little bit more about your plan. I know you talked about...
 ... Can you be a little specific...
 Is there anything else you would like to add to that...
 Thank you. Thank you both.
 Governor Kasich, you've said it is, quote, "Un American to deny someone health insurance if they have a preexisting condition."Would you leave the individual mandate in place requiring all Americans to purchase insurance?
 Governor, let me just go back to the original question about the individual mandate. In 1994 when you were in Congress, you proposed a plan requiring an individual mandate. So what changed?
 Governor Kasich, thank you.
 Dr. Carson, you have dealt with the sickest of patients. You support covering preexisting conditions. How would you change Obamacare, but maintain that coverage?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Thank you, Dr. Carson. Let's talk about the economy. Let's talk about...
 I want to move on, but there'll be plenty of opportunities for you to address...
 I know you do. And  all right, go ahead. [laughter]
 Senator...
 Thank you, thank you. Mr. Trump?
 Gentleman, please.
 Gentlemen please. I want to move on.
 I want to talk about the economy.
 Gentleman, gentleman. All of you have agreed  Senator Cruz...
 All of you have agreed  all of you have agreed to the rules. I want to move on. We're talking about the economy right now. Mr. Trump, you want to cut taxes more than President Ronald Reagan did, more than President George W. Bush did. The Independent Tax Foundation says the cost to the country of your proposal would be about $10 trillion, and that takes into account the economic growth that would emerge from your proposed tax cuts.How would you cut $10 trillion over 10 years, but make sure the country isn't saddled with even more debt?
 What specific cuts will you make to pay for that tax cut?
 Mr. Trump  Mr. Trump. If you eliminate completely the Department of Education, as you have proposed, that's about $68 billion. If you eliminate the Environmental Protection Agency, that's about $8 billion. That's about $76 billion for those two agencies.The current deficit this year is $544 billion. Where are you going to come up with the money?
 Governor Kasich.When you were in Congress, you were chairman of the Budget Committee. You helped craft the last balanced budget the United States had. Can Mr. Trump's plan work?
 Thank you. Thank you, governor.Speaking of taxes...
 Mr. Trump, yesterday, the last Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, called on you to release your back tax returns, and said, and I'm quoting him now, "there is good reason to believe there is a bombshell in them."Romney said either you're not as wealthy as you say you are, said maybe you haven't paid the kind of taxes we would expect you to pay, or you haven't been giving the money to veterans or disabled people. Are any of those accusations that he has leveled true?
 Hugh, go ahead.
 Mr. Trump. You told me...
 Mr. Trump...
 Mr. Trump, a year ago you told me on my radio show, the audio and the transcript are out there on YouTube, that you would release your tax returns.
 Are you going back on your commitment?
 So, Senator Rubio, Mitt Romney also called upon to you release your tax returns. Your campaign said last spring that you would release your returns that you had not previously released. And you said, coming out any day momentarily. When are we going to see your returns?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio. But I am......I'm being fair to all of the candidates.Senator Cruz, Tuesday is five days away. Why haven't voters seen your 2012, 2013, and 2014 returns?
 Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Gentlemen.
 I was about to say  Senator Cruz, respond.
 All right...
 Mr. Trump. Mr,  hold on. Mr. Trump  Mr. Trump...
 Thank you.
 Gentlemen, gentlemen, thank you.
 Gentlemen......we actually have rules  we're trying to obey these rules that all of you agreed. We're going to take a quick break. We have a lot more  many more critically important issues to discuss.Our coverage of this tenth Republican presidential debate from the University of Houston continues in a moment.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate here at the University of Houston.Gentlemen, I want to turn our attention right now to key issues involving foreign policy and national security. And Mr. Trump, I'll begin with you.
 You said this about the ongoing conflict between the Israelis and the Palestinians  I'm quoting you now "Let me be sort of a neutral guy. I don't want to say whose fault it is, I don't think it helps."
 Here's the question. How do you remain neutral when the U.S. considers Israel to be America's closest ally in the Middle East?
 Senator Cruz?
 Mr. Trump?
 Governor Kasich, I want you to weigh in.
 We're going to get to North Korea in a moment. But Senator Rubio, what's wrong with the U.S. being an honest broker in a negotiation, as Mr. Trump is proposing?
 Mr. Trump?
 ... Senator.
 Let's move on to talk about North Korea. You raised it, Governor Kasich. The threat posed by North Korea to the United States and its sallies, the commander of American forces in South Korea said that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un would use a weapon of mass destruction if he thought his regime was being threatened. You have said the United States should start examining a strategy of regime change in North Korea.Let's be clear. Are you talking about getting rid of Kim Jong Un?
 I just want to be precise, Governor Kasich, this is critically important. There are a million North Korean troops North of the DMZ...
 A million South Korean troops, 28,000 U.S. troops along the DMZ, right in between. Would you risk war for a regime change?
 Mr. Trump.
 Dr. Carson.
 ... Thank you...
 Dr. Carson, how would you deal with North Korea?
 Go ahead. This is your moment.
 Thank you. Thank you. We're going to continue with national security. Go ahead, Hugh.
 Thank you, Wolf. Mr. Trump, we are less than 24 hours away from a ceasefire in Syria that has been brokered between the U.S. and Russia. Do you support this ceasefire?
 Senator Cruz, your opinion on the ceasefire.
 A response, Mr. Trump, then Mr. Rubio.
 Senator Rubio.
 Mr. Trump.
 Hold on, hold on, Governor.Senator Cruz.
 Governor, Governor, Governor, he attacked Mr. Trump.Mr. Trump has a right to respond.
 One at a time, gentlemen.Governor Kasich, you have the floor. Governor...
 You will have a response. But I promised Governor Kasich he could respond.
 All right...
 Let's continue.
 Let us continue.
 Let's continue the questioning on ISIS. Maria.
 You'll have a chance. Maria will pick up...
 Go ahead and respond.
 Thank you.
 Go ahead, Mr. Trump.
 Go ahead, Mr. Trump.
 Senator Cruz...
 Gentlemen, gentlemen.
 You've gotta stop this.  The latest debate  gentlemen, please.
 I want to move  I want to move on. These are the rules.
 You'll get  you'll get plenty of response, so stand by.
 I want to talk  I want to talk about ISIS right now, and the federal government  how much best to keep Americans safe from ISIS.There's a huge battle underway right now between the tech giant Apple and the federal government. The federal government wants Apple to unlock the phone used by that San Bernardino terrorist to prevent future attacks. Apple has refused, saying it would compromise the security of all of its customers. And just this afternoon, they went to court to block the judge's order.Dana Bash, pick up the questioning.
 Senator Rubio, you say it's complicated, and that, quote, "Apple isn't necessarily wrong to refuse the court order." Why shouldn't investigators have everything at their disposal?
 So just to be clear, you did say on CNN a couple of weeks ago this is a complicated issue; Apple is not necessarily wrong here.
 But just to be clear  just to be clear, if you are president, would you instruct your Justice Department to force Apple to comply or not?
 Correct.
 Senator Cruz, Apple CEO Tim Cook says this would be bad for America. Where do you stand national security or personal privacy?
 Dr. Carson, Tim Cook, again, the CEO of Apple, says that this would be bad for America. What do you think?
 Mr. Trump...
 ... Senator, thank you very much.I want our viewers to stay with us right now, including the last pitch in the final debate before Super Tuesday. [applause and cheering]
 Welcome back to the University of Houston. It's time now for closing statements. All of you will have 30 seconds. Dr. Carson, we'll start with you.
 Governor Kasich.
 Senator Rubio.
 Senator Cruz.
 Mr. Trump.
 Mr. Trump, thank you.And thanks to each of the candidates, on behalf of everyone here at CNN and Telemundo. We also want to thank the Republican National Committee and the University of Houston. My thanks also to Hugh Hewitt, Maria Celeste, and Dana Bash.Super Tuesday is only five days away.PARTICIPANTSFormer Governor Jeb Bush (FL);Ben Carson;Senator Ted Cruz (TX);Governor John Kasich (OH);Senator Marco Rubio (FL);Donald Trump;
John Dickerson (CBS News); withPANELISTSMajor Garrett (CBS News); andKimberly Strassel (The Wall Street Journal)DICKERSON Good evening. I'm John Dickerson. This holiday weekend, as America honors our first president, we're about to hear from six men who hope to be the 45th. The candidates for the Republican nomination are here in South Carolina for their ninth debate, one week before this state holds the first-in-the-South primary.George Washington wrote that the truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains taken to bring it to light. We hope to shed some light on the candidates' positions tonight to help voters make up their minds.So gentlemen, please join us on stage.With us tonight  with us tonight are retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson of Florida, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.Businessman Donald Trump of New York.Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.Former Governor Jeb Bush of Florida.And Governor John Kasich of Ohio.Now, as most of you have heard by now, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died today at the age of 79. He was the longest-serving member of the court, appointed by President Reagan in 1986. Justice Scalia was the court's leading conservative, and even those who disagreed with his opinions regarded him as a brilliant legal scholar. Please join us and the candidates on our stage in a moment of silence for Justice Antonin Scalia. Thank you.We will talk to the candidates about Justice Scalia and the road ahead when the debate begins in a moment.DICKERSON Before we get started, candidates, here are the rules. When we ask you a question, you will have one minute to answer, and 30 seconds more if we ask a follow-up. If you're attacked by another candidate, you get 30 seconds to respond.And here's how we keep time. After we ask a question, you'll get a green light. The yellow light means you have 30 seconds left to finish your answer, and when time is up, the light turns red. That means please stop talking. If you keep talking, you'll hear this.You don't want to hear that. Joining me in the questioning tonight, my CBS News colleague, chief White House correspondent Major Garrett, and Kimberley Strassel, who is on the editorial board of The Wall Street Journal.And you can participate in the debate through our partnership with Twitter. Tweet us your questions and comments using the hashtag "#GOPDebate."So, let's begin.First, the death of Justice Scalia, and the vacancy that leaves on the Supreme Court. Mr. Trump, I want to start with you. You've said that the president shouldn't nominate anyone in the rest of his term to replace Justice Scalia. If you were president and had a chance, with 11 months left to go in your term, wouldn't it be an abdication, to conservatives in particular, not to name a conservative justice with the rest of your term?
 Good evening, again, everyone. This is the first time since Iowa and the only time before the New Hampshire primary that the Republican candidates will have the opportunity to face each other.The people of Iowa have been heard. Now it's New Hampshire's turn. In just three days, voters here will decide who they think should be the Republican nominee for president.
 Questions of leadership and character have dominated the news ever since the Iowa caucuses a few days ago. Here with us to question the candidates this evening are Josh McElveen from WMUR here in Manchester and author and commentator Mary Katherine Ham.
 So let's welcome the candidates for the Republican nomination for president.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.
 Dr. Ben Carson.
 Texas Senator Ted Cruz.
 Businessman Donald Trump.
 Florida Senator Marco Rubio.
 Former Florida Governor, Jeb Bush.
 And Ohio Governor John Kasich.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidates.
 And Dr. Ben Carson, please come out on the stage. He's standing there, as well. Dr. Carson.
 And Donald Trump.
 And lastly, we welcome back to the debate stage, Donald Trump.
 It was so noisy in here. Yes. Yes. We're going to introduce Ohio Governor John kasich.The applause so loud here in the hall.
 The applause so loud you couldn't hear. We couldn't hear, either. That's a good sign for the excitement this evening.Gentlemen, thank you for being here tonight, just days before voters here in New Hampshire make their decisions. The rules are simple and have been agreed to by all the campaigns. There will be 60 seconds to answer and if another candidate is mentioned in that answer, that candidate will have 30 seconds to respond. There are green, yellow and red lights that each candidate will see to signal when time is up and they will also hear this sound.
 So let's get started. We welcome you all to the debate stage here tonight. We're going to tackle the issues Americans are most concerned about, the economy, ISIS, Homeland Security. And here in New Hampshire, some of the most heated rhetoric yet over who is best suited to step in on day one, who has the experience, who has the temperament to be commander-in-chief.Mr. Trump, Senator Cruz has said about you right here in New Hampshire this week, quote, "I don't know anyone who would be comfortable with someone who behaves this way, having his finger on the button. We're liable to wake up one morning, and if he were president, he would nuke Denmark." Saying, quote, "That's temperament of a leader to keep this country safe."I wanted to give you the opportunity to respond to this and to tell the American people tonight why you do have the temperament to be commander-in-chief.
 Mr. Trump, thank you. I want to bring this to Senator Cruz, then.Because Senator, you did said of Trump's behavior this week, that's not the temperament of a leader to keep this country safe.Why not?
 Senator Cruz, I did ask about Mr. Trump. You said he doesn't have the temperament to be commander-in-chief. Do you stand by those words?
 Senator Cruz, thank you. We're going to continue on this notion of readiness and experience. I'm going to come back.
 If you would like to respond, Mr. Trump.
 Mr. Trump, thank you. And we're going to continue on this notion of readiness and on experience, but I want to ask about a headline that was back in the papers again this morning.Dr. Carson, on the day of the Iowa caucuses, the Cruz campaign sent out messages and voicemails saying, quote, "Breaking news. Dr. Ben Carson will be planning to suspend his campaign following tonight's caucuses. Please inform any Carson caucus-goers of this news."But as we can all see, you are still standing here tonight. Late this week, your campaign sent this e-mail, quote, "This kind of deceitful behavior is why the American people don't trust politicians. If Senator Cruz does not act, then he clearly represents D.C. values."What kind of action do you think Senator Cruz should take?
 Senator Cruz.Dr. Carson, thank you.Senator Cruz, you have said that Dr. Carson and his wife have become friends of yours. I'm curious as why you didn't call ahead of time to either the doctor or his wife or have your campaign check in with the other campaign before sending out those messages.
 Senator Cruz, thank you.We're going to move on here. Back to the issues...
 Dr. Carson, please.
 Dr. Carson, thank you. Thank you, doctor.Senator Rubio. I want to stay on the issue of readiness to be president and experience and questions about you being a first-term senator.Governor Christie warning voters here in New Hampshire against voting for another first-term senator as America did with Barack Obama in 2008. Arguing that you are, quote, " not ready to be president of the United States."And Senator Santorum, who we all know, dropped out of the race and endorsed you, had a hard time when asked on national television, listing your accomplishments as senator. Tonight, what are your accomplishments in the Senate that demonstrate you are ready to be president of the United States?
 Senator Rubio, thank you.I do want to ask Governor Christie, Governor Christie, you said fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me when it comes to electing a first-term senator. You heard Senator Rubio make the case that he does have the experience. Your response?
 Governor, thank you. Senator Rubio?
 Senator Rubio, thank you. I want to bring in governor bush on this, because you...
 ... have made this...
 If you'd like to respond to economic...
 Senator Rubio?
 Governor Christie, we will  we will...
 Governor Christie  thank you, Governor. I will mention  listen...
 ... Listen, people...Governor Bush, I'll mention your name so that you can come in on this...
 I want to bring you in on this because you've made this central to your campaign right here in New Hampshire in the last couple of days. Four Years ago you said of Senator Rubio, he was ready to be Vice President. You spoke of his experience as well. You said he has the fortitude to be a good President, but just this week you said Senator Rubio accomplished, quote, "nothing" in the Senate. How do you square the two?
 ... We're going to continue with leadership now. Martha?
 Senator Cruz, you are a first term Senator as well. Your opponents say you, like Senator Rubio, are not prepared to be Commander in Chief. You have talked tough about threats we face in the Mid-East. It was reported just moments ago that the North Koreans test launched an intercontinental ballistic missile. North Korea has nuclear weapons, and conducted another nuclear test just last month.The missile that was launched is the kind the North Koreans hope could someday carry a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States. How would you respond if Commander in Chief to that launch?
 Well, let me ask you this, if you were Commander in Chief tonight would you have order the U.S. military to destroy that missile preemptively on the launchpad to prevent North Korea from becoming an even graver threat?
 ... Senator Cruz, let me tell you this, you have talked tough about the Mid-East, you haven't gotten those intelligence briefings about that. Why not tell us whether you would preemptively strike a missile on a launchpad that threatens the U.S...
 Okay. Senator Cruz, I will say that missile has been sitting there for quite some time, and they have had eyes on it.
 Senator Rubio, I'm talking about a preemptive strike on the launch pad.
 OK. Thank you, Senator Rubio.Governor Kasich, how would you respond to tonight's launch?
 Thank you, Governor Kasich. Thank you  thank you...
 ... Governor Bush, I'll get to you in a moment.
 Thank you, Governor Bush.Mr. Trump, do you have a red line with North Korea? Would you consider military action? And how far would you let them go?
 And I'd like him to finish the question, please.
 Specific  as to North Korea.
 Senator Rubio, you were mentioned.
 Thank you very much, Senator Rubio.Governor Bush, another problem facing the commander-in-chief right now is that North Korea is currently detaining an American college student. What would you do to get that college student back home?
 Governor Christie, I want to go to you on the same question.
 Would you negotiate with North Korea to...
 Thank you very much, Governor Christie.David?
 Martha, we're going to turn to immigration now. And I want to bring in Governor Kasich because you told us in an ABC interview, Governor, quote, "It is completely ridiculous to think we are going to go into neighborhoods, grab people out of their homes and ship people back to Mexico." Adding, quote, "That's not where the party is. The party is not for departing 11.5 million people."But Mr. Trump and Senator Cruz, who have made deportation central to their campaigns, top the national polls. So, my question for you, are you not where the voters are?
 Governor Kasich, thank you.I want to bring this next to Senator Cruz. You heard what the governor said. He said, "We need practical solutions." And you've said, "I don't intend to send jack boots to knock on doors. That's not how we enforce the law for any crime."So, what is your plan? How will you deport 11.5 million undocumented people? And be specific. How would you do it?
 Let me just ask you this, though, because Governor Kasich was talking about the families and what you do with the families that you would have to send home.Can you tell the American people tonight how you would do that?
 Senator Cruz, thank you. I want to bring in Senator Rubio.This question is about immigration, it is also about leadership. You're aware of the criticism from many candidates on this stage tonight that you co-authored the so-called Gang of Eight bill that would have created a path to citizenship for people here illegally.Governor Christie has said of you, as soon as you felt the heat, you turned tail and run. Governor Bush has said, "I don't think we need people cutting and running anymore."Did you fight for your own legislation, Senator, or did you run from it?
 But I'm asking, did you fight for the legislation at the time or did you run from it as you're...
 Governor Christie?
 Governor thank you.Senator Rubio?
 Senator Rubio, thank you. We want to turn to health care in this country, and for that, author and commentator, Mary Katherine Ham tonight.
 Thanks, David.Good evening, guys.
 Mr. Trump.
 In the Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton has criticized Bernie Sanders' plan for single payer government health care, noting it would require big, across the board tax increases for Americans. In doing so, she's doubling down on Obamacare, despite its persistent unpopularity.Mr. Trump, you have said you want to appeal Obamacare. You have also said, quote, "Everybody's got to be covered," adding, quote, "The government's going to pay for it." Are you closer to Bernie Sanders' vision for health care than Hillary Clinton's?
 Senator Cruz, to that point, Mr. Trump has said that your position on health care means that maybe you've got, quote, "no heart". There is a question here, though, about uncovered folks. You suggested repealing and replacing Obamacare. As we learned with President Obama's broken promise that everyone could keep their plan, any major plan  change in health care policy carries with it the risk that some people will lose their insurance coverage or have to change it.How do you reassure that those people that repealing and replacing Obamacare is still in their best interest?
 Dr. Carson, you have some experience with this matter. In the past, you have said that Obamacare should be replaced before it's repealed. How and why?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. David, Martha, back to you.
 Mary Katherine, thank you. We want to turn now to the issue of eminent domain, which is being debated right here in New Hampshire. And Josh McElveen is the political director and the anchor of WMUR TV. Josh?
 Thank you, David. And good evening, candidates. Mr. Trump, you have said, quote, "I love eminent domain" which is the seizure of private property for the sake of the greater good theoretically. You tried to use the measure in business endeavors, you've said you'd support its use for the Keystone Pipeline project.Here in New Hampshire, a project, though, known as the Northern pass would bring hydro-electric power from Canada into the Northeastern grid. Do you see eminent domain as an appropriate tool to get that done?
 So would that be yes on the Northern Pass project?
 Mr. Trump, take 30 seconds.
 All right, gentlemen...
 Gentlemen, we do have to move forward. Dave, Martha, back to you.
 Josh, thank you.When we come back here tonight, jobs, ISIS, and what it means to be a conservative.The Republican debate continues right here from New Hampshire on ABC. We'll be right back.
 And, we welcome you back to the Republican debate from New Hampshire tonight here on ABC. We're going to turn now to what it means to be a conservative, and I want to turn to Governor Kasich.Governor, while campaigning here in New Hampshire, you were already asked about groans from some conservatives after your endorsements from the New York Times, and the Boston Globe. You said, quote, "What conservatives have to know is they have to say, look isn't it nice to have a conservative like me liked? And, maybe the ought to think about it because if I get elected president, the Republican party and the definition of conservatism is going to change."How would you change conservatism?
 Governor Kasich, thank you.Mr. Trump, you've heard the argument from many of the candidates on this stage that you're not a true conservative. Tell the voters watching tonight why you are.
 Mr. Trump, thank you.Senator Rubio, you have said yourself that you don't think Donald Trump is running as a conservative. Did he convince you?
 Senator Rubio, thank you. I want to turn this discussion to the economy now.And Mr. Trump, Governor Christie has said, "I tell everybody who goes to a Donald Trump event, if you get to ask a question, just ask him how." Christie said, "I don't care which of the things he talks about, just ask him how." You have said that you'd be the greatest jobs president God ever created. Tell Americans watching tonight how many jobs you would create in the first term and how.
 Mr. Trump, thank you.There are a lot of governors on this stage tonight and Governor Christie, Governor Kasich said of you, quote, "In Ohio, we balanced a budget. They don't have one over in New Jersey. Our credit has been strengthened. Their credit has been downgraded. We've got more jobs."How important are those metrics in choosing the next president? And is his job  is his record on jobs, I should say, actually stronger than yours?
 Thank you, Governor.Governor Kasich?
 He didn't say your record was better than his.
 Governor Kasich, thank you.
 Governor Kasich, thank you. I do want to turn from jobs to taxes.
 If you would like to respond to the governor, you can.
 I'm coming to you next with a question, anyway. You can respond to that question.
 We're going from jobs to taxes, and here's the...
 To the Gang of Eight bill first?
 The governor wasn't talking about the president, he was talking about the Gang of Eight bill.
 So, let me ask you about taxes, Senator Rubio.
 A recent poll, 68 percent of Americans favor raising taxes on people making more than $1 million a year. Are they wrong?
 Senator Rubio, thank you.I want to bring in Governor Bush. And Governor, I just want to repeat that number for you  68 percent of Americans favor raising taxes on people making more than a million.What do you say to the people who believe that tonight?
 Knew that was coming. Governor, thank you.
 Governor Christie, thank you.  Martha?
 Senator Cruz, you advocate what you call carpet bombing, or saturation bombing, to defeat ISIS, citing the more than 1,100 air attacks that the U.S. carried out during the first Gulf War in 1991.Explain how a strategy to defeat a standing army would work against an unconventional terrorist group that is now hiding amongst the population.
 Senator Cruz, would you like to expand or loosen the rules of engagement? I was just over in a command center in Erbil and they said they thought the rules of engagement worked. Because you have so many civilians in those populated areas, they don't want to hit civilians.
 So, loosen the rules of engagement?
 Senator Rubio, you said in the last debate that ISIS is the most dangerous, jihadist group in the history of mankind And that will it take overwhelming U.S. force to defeat them. Can you specifically tell us what you mean by overwhelming force?
 Again, Senator Rubio, you've already said ISIS is the most dangerous jihadist group in the history of mankind. So, that would make it more dangerous than Al Qaida, the insurgents we fought in Iraq. We committed hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops to fight those groups. So if ISIS is the most dangerous group in history, why not commit a large U.S. ground force?
 Well, what would you do  what would you do differently to try to get those Sunni forces? They have not been coming forward.
 Mr. Trump  thank you very much, Senator Rubio. Mr. Trump.You have said you will vigorously bomb ISIS. You've said, "we've got to get rid of ISIS, quickly, quickly." How would you get rid of them so quickly? And please give us specifics.
 And  and what would you do in those cities, where there are people who we are trying to help, who ISIS is essentially holding hostage?
 Thank you very much, Mr. Trump.Let's turn to Libya. Governor Bush, it is a country in chaos. There is no government. This week, defense officials said there are now 5,000 ISIS fighters there, roughly doubling previous estimates. We know you and others have been critical of the administration's handling of Libya after the initial air strikes that you supported.But this is a problem you would stand to inherit if you're the next president. Reports this week said the administration is considering new air strikes, possible special operations raids. Would you support renewed air strikes or any U.S. involvement on the ground?
 Thank you very much, Governor Bush. Dr. Carson?
 And would you support renewed airstrikes?
 We're going to move on.
 Martha, thank you. We're just going to  we're going to stay on ISIS here and the war on terror, because as you know, there's been a debate in this country about how to deal with the enemy and about enhanced interrogation techniques ever since 9/11.So Senator Cruz, you have said, quote, "torture is wrong, unambiguously, period. Civilized nations do not engage in torture." Some of the other candidates say they don't think waterboarding is torture. Mr. Trump has said, I would bring it back. Senator Cruz, is waterboarding torture?
 If elected president, would you bring it back?
 Senator Cruz, thank you. Mr. Trump, you said not only does it work, but that you'd bring it back.
 Mr. Trump, thank you. Governor Bush, you have said that you won't rule waterboarding out. Congress has passed laws banning the use of waterboarding by the military and the CIA, as you know. Would you want Congress to change that if you're elected president?
 Governor Bush, thank you.Senator Rubio, I do want to ask you, you have said that you do not want to telegraph to the enemy what you would do as commander in chief. But for the American people watching tonight who want to know where the next president will stand, do you believe waterboarding is torture?
 Senator Rubio, thank you.We want to turn now to the topic of executive orders, and for that, we're going to turn back to Mary Katharine Ham. Mary Katharine?
 Thanks, David. Senator Cruz, on the campaign trail you've promised voters a lot, in fact if you're elected president you'd say you end Common Core immediately, abolish the IRS, and do away with sanctuary cities. You've also been a persistent critic of President Obama's executive overreach, going it alone, not working with Congress. How do you intend to implement this aggressive agenda within your Constitutional authority, especially given that it would require working with Congress and Washington players with whom you're happy to say you have a strained relationship?
 Mr. Trump, Senator Cruz is known for opposing deals, you literally wrote the book on making them. Senator Cruz has mentioned that on the trail. What would you say to those conservatives that are concerned that a deal maker will just perpetuate the same deals in Washington and the way that things run now ...
 Governor Kasich, is the problem with Washington that there are too many deals, or too few?
 Thank you, governors. Martha and David, back to you.
 Mary Katherine, thank you.We want to turn to something the governor of New Hampshire said... [laughter]
 A connection here on the stage. We're going to move on to what the governor of New Hampshire said just this week, and that is that heroin overdose is not the second-leading cause of death in this state. You don't need me to tell you that. But there's another number, 48 percent of the people here in this state knows someone who has abused heroin.Josh, who covers this for WMUR, has the next question.
 You're all aware, candidates, this is a major problem here in New Hampshire. It's a very deadly problem as well. Last month, New Hampshire senators Kelly Ayotte, Republican, and Jeanne Shaheen, Democrat, they went down to Washington, along with the police chief of the state's largest city to testify before the Judiciary Committee in D.C.Senator Cruz, you're a member of that committee. Your campaign schedule didn't allow you to attend this. Even so, the police chief called your absence outrageous, given the severity of the problem. Last week, though, you told a personal story of a close family member's struggle with addiction. What can you say to law enforcement right now to convince them that you understand the severity of this problem and you're not just saying what people want to hear days before the primary?
 And Governor Christie, you have talked a lot about this issue here in New Hampshire.State reforms, criminal justice reforms, access to treatment.To Senator Cruz's point, let's take it a step further. Would you be willing to engage in cross-border enforcement into Mexico, a place where law enforcement in New Hampshire has traced at lot of this supply back to. Would you engage in cross-border enforcement without the cooperation without the Mexican government?
 Governor Christie, thank you very much.David, Martha, back to you.
 Thank you, Governor Christie. Thank you, Josh.Our partner in this debate, the Independent Journal Review, has collected questions from some prominent conservatives around the country.Here's a videotaped question from radio host Larry O'Connor.[begin video clip]O'CONNOR In 2008, we saw how motivated an electorate can be when they think their vote is making history. Let's face it if Hillary Clinton is the nominee for the Democrats, you'll be running against the prospect of the first woman president.How will you change that narrative and motivate the electorate behind your candidacy?[end video clip]
 Mr. Trump, I'm going to give that question to you. You took it  you took it away anyway.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.I'm going to go to Senator Rubio on this. How would you change that narrative?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio. Dr. Carson, I want to go to you on Larry O' Connor's question. Would you change the narrative?
 Yes.
 Martha?
 Thank you very much Dr. Carson. I'm going to go back to David.
 Governor, well come to you in the next segment.When we come back, questions about race, about our veterans and social issues what younger conservative voters are now saying as we continue with New Hampshire with the Republican debate, right here on ABC.
 Welcome back to New Hampshire, ABC News coverage of the Republican debate, and it's great to have you back at the podiums, and we want to turn to race in America.And Mr. Trump, there are many who argue cell phones and smartphones are just now exposing what's been happening in this country for years. Cases of excessive force against minorities.As you know, Mr. Trump, on the other side, the FBI director recently said there's a chill wind blowing through law enforcement because of increased scrutiny. You have said police are the most mistreated people in America. As president, how do you bridge the divide?
 Great. Mr. Trump, I did ask about bridging the divide though as president. So what would you say to the American families who say we have lived through this, we have seen excessive force? What would you say to those people?
 I do want to ask  Governor Kasich?
 Governor, thank you. Senator Rubio, I want to ask you next, President Obama visited a mosque this week in America for the first time in his presidency. President George W. Bush visited a mosque after September 11th. You said of President Obama, quote, "he's always pitting people against each other." So I'm curious, how are the two visits different, and would you visit a mosque as president?
 Senator Rubio, thank you. Martha?
 Governor Christie, earlier this week, the World Health Organization declared the Zika virus a global emergency. The same kind of mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus in Latin America are found here in the United States, and the virus has been linked to severe birth defects.Governor Christie, at the peak of the Ebola outbreak in west Africa, you ordered an American nurse who landed at Newark Airport be detained and quarantined. As fear spreads now of the Zika virus and with the Rio Olympics just months away, is there a scenario where you would quarantine people traveling back from Brazil to prevent the spread in the United States?
 Governor Christie, thank you.I'm going to move to Dr. Carson, and go back to the Zika virus, is that going too far, quarantining? You're a doctor, what would you do?
 Thanks very much, Dr. Carson.I want to move on to the military. Senator Rubio, all restrictions on women in combat as long as they qualify. Positions including special operations forces, like Navy Seals. Just this week military leaders of the Army and Marine Corps said that they believed young women, just as young men are required to do, should sign up for Selective Service in case the Draft is reinstated.Many of you have young daughters. Senator Rubio, should young women be required to sign up for Selective Service in case of a national emergency?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio. Governor Bush, do you believe that young women...
 Do you believe young women should sign up for Selective Service, be required to sign up...
 Tell me what you'd say to American people out there......who are sitting at home, who have daughters, who might worry about those answers, and might worry...
 ... if the Draft is reinstituted?
 ... Are you saying you'd do away with it?
 You register for the draft.
 If it's reinstituted.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Governor Christie.
 We just covered  wait one second, Dr. Carson.
 Very quickly.
 Thank you very much for bringing up that subject, Dr. Carson, of our veterans.And for another question about our veterans, we go back to Josh McElveen from WMUR. Josh?
 Thank you, Martha. None of you on stage tonight have ever worn a uniform as a member of the armed services. That's the reality of it. But as commander-in-chief, you'll also be charged with the care of 23 million active duty service members and veterans in this country.Some have suggested privatizing the V.A. as a way to enhance care and increase the quality of the care and access. Others say that veterans should carry I.D. cards that allow them access to any hospital or health care provider. Governor Bush, what specifically would you do to ensure that those who have sacrificed for us are cared for?
 Governor Kasich, do you have a favored approach?
 Senator Rubio, go ahead?
 Senator Rubio, thanks very much. Going to move forward now. David, Martha, back to you.
 Josh, thank you. I want to turn to a family that New Hampshire voters know quite well, and Senator Cruz, the issue of hostages has been a very real and painful one here in this state.As we all know, James Foley was killed. His mother, Diane, said our government should be willing to negotiate, arguing that families should also be allowed to raise money for ransom. What would you say to Diane Foley tonight? Should families be allowed to raise money for ransom for their loved ones?
 Senator Cruz, thank you. Mr. Trump, what would you say to Diane Foley? Should families be allowed to raise money for ransom?
 Mr. Trump, thank you.We want to turn now to social issues and young voters and for the question, from Mary Katherine.
 Thank you David.Senator Rubio. One of the lazier pieces of political conventional wisdom is that so-called social issues are hurting Republicans with young people. But on the two most prominent social issues, polling with millennials actually moves in different directions.On one hand, it is clear, young people across the political spectrum increasingly favor same sex marriage. However young voters have not moved to the left on abortion. In fact, large numbers of them favor at least some modest restrictions that conservatives have supported. How do you speak to millennials on both these issues, while Democrats will inevitable charge intolerance and extremism?
 Governor Bush? I want to come to you. Your allies have recently attacked Senator Rubio for being too pro-life to be elected in November. You made a similar charge stating it in an interview. This is a pro-life party. Do you stand behind that criticism?
 Governor Christie. You too, have talked about Senator Rubio's position on the life issue. Some conservative activists have called this line of attack harmful to the pro-life cause.
 Thank you, all. Back to you, David and Martha.
 Mary Katherine, thank you.We're going to have closing statements here in just a moment, but before we go, quick lightning round. Come November, two battle-ground states, but they face off tomorrow in the Super Bowl.Governor Kasich, who wins? [laughter]
 Governor Bush?
 Senator Rubio?
  Mr. Trump?
 All right, Dr. Carson?
 Yeah. Governor Christie, the last word?
 Denver. Thank you so much, gentlemen.Closing statements in just a moment, right here, as the ABC News Republican debate continues from New Hampshire, right after this.
 We welcome you back. The New Hampshire primary, of course, is Tuesday, but time now for closing statements. And we begin tonight with Governor Kasich.
 Governor Christie.
 Governor Bush.
 Dr. Carson.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. Senator Rubio.
 Senator Cruz.
 Thank you. Mr. Trump.
 Mr. Trump, thank you. Thanks to all the candidates on the stage here tonight. We thank the people of Manchester, New Hampshire for having this debate, and to everyone at home. The New Hampshire primary is Tuesday.
 It is 900 p.m. here at the North Charleston Coliseum and Performing Arts Center in South Carolina. Welcome to the sixth Republican presidential of the 2016 campaign, here on the Fox Business Network. I'm Neil Cavuto, alongside my friend and co-moderator Maria Bartiromo.
 Tonight we are working with Facebook to ask the candidates the questions voters want answered. And according to Facebook, the U.S. election has dominated the global conversation, with 131 million people talking about the 2016 race. That makes it the number one issue talked about on Facebook last year worldwide.
 Now, the seven candidates on the stage tonight were selected based on their standing in six national polls, as well as polls in the early-voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire, those standings determining the position on the stage of the candidates tonight. And here they are.Businessman Donald Trump.Texas senator Ted Cruz.Florida senator Marco Rubio.Neurosurgeon Ben Carson.New Jersey governor Chris Christie.Former Florida governor Jeb Bush.And Ohio governor John Kasich.
 Tonight's rules are simple up to 90 seconds for each answer, one minute for each follow-up response. And if a candidate goes over the allotted time, you'll hear this.  So let's get started. Candidates, jobs and growth  two of the biggest issues facing the country right now. In his State of the Union address earlier this week, the president said, quote, "we have the strongest, most durable economy in the world."And according to our Facebook research, jobs is one of the biggest issues resonating across the country, including here in South Carolina. The president is touting 14 million new jobs and an unemployment rate cut in half.The president said that anyone who claims America's economy is in decline is peddling fiction. Senator Cruz, what do you see that he doesn't?
 Thank you, sir.
 Governor Kasich, we are not even two weeks into this stock trading year, but  investors already lost $1.6 trillion in market value. That makes it the worst start to a new year ever. Many worry that things will get even worse, and that banks and financial stocks are particularly vulnerable.Now, if this escalates, like it did back when Barack Obama first assumed the presidency, what actions would you take if this same thing happens all over again just as, in this example, you are taking over the presidency?
 We know that recent global events have many people worried  Iran detaining American sailors, forcing them to apologize; North Korea and its nuclear ambitions; an aggressive China; and a Middle East that continues to deteriorate, not to mention ISIS is getting stronger.Governor Christie, sometimes it seems the world is on fire. Where and when should a president use military action to restore order?
 Just to be clear Governor, where and when would you use military action?
 Governor Bush, the president just told the nation two nights ago that America is back and that the idea that our enemies are getting stronger or that this country is getting weaker, well, it's just rhetoric and hot air. Now other Democrats go even further, sir, saying Republicans even suggesting such comments actually embolden our enemies. I guess they would include you. What do you say?
 So I take it from that you do not agree with the president.
 Senator Rubio, the president says that ISIS doesn't threaten our national existence like a Germany or a Japan back in World War II, that the terror group is nothing more than twisted souls plotting attacks in their garages.But House Homeland Security Committee recently said that over 1,000 ongoing investigations of homegrown extremism in 50 states. So how do you define the threat? Germany then or dangerous nut cases now?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Dr. Carson, the president says he does not want to treat ISIS as a foreign army, but ISIS is neither a country nor a government. How do you attack a network that does not respect national borders?
 Mr. Trump, at the State of the Union, the president pointed to a guest who was a Syrian refugee you might recall whose wife and daughter and other family members were killed in an air attack. Now he fled that country seeking asylum here, ultimately ended up in Detroit where he's now trying to start a new life.The president says that that doctor is the real face of these refugees and not the one that you and some of your colleagues on this stage are painting; that you prefer the face of fear and terror and that you would refuse to let in anyone into this country seeking legitimate asylum. How do you answer that?
 Senator Cruz, the New York Times is reporting that you failed to properly disclose a million dollars in loans from Goldman Sachs and CitiBank. During your senate race, your campaign said, "it was inadvertent." A million dollars is inadvertent?
 Thank you.
 All right. Welcome back to the Republican presidential , right here in North Charleston, South Carolina. Let's get right back to the questions. And I'll start with you, Senator Cruz.Now you are, of course, a strict constitutionalist  no one would doubt that. And as you know, the U.S. Constitution says only natural-born citizens are eligible for the office of president of the United States. Stop me if you've heard this before. Now, you were born...[laughter]... you were born in Canada to an American mother. So you were and are considered an American citizen. But that fellow next to you, Donald Trump  and others  have said that being born in Canada means you are not natural-born, and that has raised questions about your eligibility.Do you want to try to close this topic once and for all tonight?
 Mr. Trump......that you raised it because of his rising poll numbers.
 Why are you saying this now  right now? Why are you raising this issue now?
 Senator, do you want to respond?
 Thank you, senator.Mr. Trump, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley in her response to the State of the Union address......appeared to choose sides within the party, saying Republicans should resist, quote, "the siren call of the angriest voices". She confirmed, she was referring to you among others. Was she out of line? And, how would a President Trump unite the party?
 But what are you going to do about it?
 Marco Rubio. I'm sorry, it's the time constraints. You and Governor Christie have been exchanging some fairly nasty words of late, and I will allow the governor to respond as well.The governor went so far to say, you won't be able to slime your way to the White House. He's referring to a series of ads done by a PAC, speaking on your behalf, that say quote,"One high tax, Common Core, liberal, energy-loving, Obamacare, Medicaid-expanding president is enough. You think you went too far on that and do you want to apologize to the governor?
 That is not my question.
 Is he a liberal?
 Is he a liberal?
 Governor?
 You were?
 Governor Kasich...... Governor Kasich, Hillary Clinton is getting some serious competition from Senator Bernie Sanders. He's now at 41 percent in the latest CBS/New York Times poll. Vice President Biden sang his praises, saying Bernie is speaking to a yearning that is deep and real, and he has credibility on it.So what does it say about our country that a candidate who is a self-avowed socialist and who doesn't think a 90 percent tax rate is too high could be the Democratic nominee?
 Dr. Carson, one of the other candidates on this stage has brought Bill Clinton's past indiscretions. Is that a legitimate topic in this election? And what do you think of the notion that Hillary Clinton is an enabler of sexual misconduct?
 Well, we are not done. Coming up, one of the top things people are talking about on Facebook, guns. And you can join us live us on this stage in the conversation during this commercial break right from home. You can go to Facebook.com/. We will be streaming live and talking about how we think the is going so far.We're back in a moment in Charleston, South Carolina.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debates, right here in North Charleston. Let's get right back to the questions.Governor Bush, gun rights, one of the top issues seen on Facebook with close to 3 million people talking about it in the past month. Right here in Charleston, Dylann Roof, who has been accused of killing nine people in a nearby church, reportedly had not passed his background check when he got his gun. What is the harm in tightening standards for not only who buys guns, but those who sell them?
 Thank you, sir.Mr. Trump, are there any circumstances that you think we should be limiting gun sales of any kind in America?
 Thank you sir.
 Thank you, sir.
 Senator Rubio, you said that President Obama wants to take people's guns away. Yet under his presidency, gun sales have more than doubled. That doesn't sound like a White House unfriendly to gun owners.
 But what fact can you point to, Senator  what fact can you point to that the president would take away everyone's gun? You don't think that's ?
 Governor Christie, you, too, have criticized the president's recent executive action on gun control, saying it's unconstitutional, another step to bypass Congress. But hasn't your own position on guns evolved, sir? The New Jersey Star-Ledger reports that you signed several laws to regulate the possession of firearms, and that you argued back in August 2013, and I quote, "These common sense measures will strengthen New Jersey's already tough gun laws."So isn't that kind of what the president wants to do now?
 So what is the answer, Senator Cruz, to stop mass shootings and violent crime, up in 30 cities across the country?
 Senator...... let me follow up and switch gears. Senator Cruz, you suggested Mr. Trump, quote, "embodies New York values." Could you explain what you mean by that?
 I am from New York. I don't.
 Are you sure about that?
 Maria...
 Governor bush, for the third time in as many months, the Iranians have provoked us, detaining us, as we've been discussing, with these 10 Navy sailors Tehran had said strayed into their waters. The sailors were released, but only after shown on video apologizing for the incident. This occurring only weeks after Iran fired multiple rockets within 1,500 yards of a U.S. aircraft carrier and then continued to test medium range missiles.Now you've claimed that such actions indicate Tehran has little to fear from a President Obama. I wonder, sir, what would change if they continued doing this sort of thing under a President Jeb Bush?
 Thank you, Governor. Governor Kasich, while everyone has been focusing on Iran's provocations, I'm wondering what you make of what Saudi Arabia has been doing and its recent moves in the region, including its execution of a well-known Shi'ite cleric and its move to dramatically increase oil production, some say in an effort to drive down oil prices and force a lot of U.S. oil producers out of business.Sure enough, oil prices have tumbled. One brokerage house is predicting a third or more of American oil producers and those heavily invested in fracking will go bankrupt, and soon Saudi Arabia and OPEC will be back in the driver's seat. U.S. energy player Harold Hamrie similarly told me with friends like these, who needs enemies? Do you agree?
 Thank you John.
 There's much more ahead including the fight against ISIS. More from Charleston, South Carolina when we come right back.
 We welcome back to the Republican Presidential , right back to the questions.Candidates, the man who made fighting ISIS the cornerstone of his campaign, South Carolina Senator, Lindsey Graham is out the race but he joins us tonight in the audience.He says, "the air-strike now in their 16th month have been ineffective." Dr. Carson ...
 The air-strikes.
 Now in their 16th month are ineffective. Dr. Carson, do you think Senator Graham is right in wanting to send 20,000 troops  ground troops to Iraq and Syria to take out ISIS?
 Thank you, sir. Senator Graham has also said that the U.S. will find Arab support for its coalition if it removes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. And I quote, "The now king of Saudi Arabia told us, 'you can have our army, you just got to deal with Assad.'"The emir of Qatar said, 'I'll pay for the operation, but they are not going to fight ISIS and let Damascus fall into the hands of the Iranians. Assad has to go.'"Governor Christie, how important is it to remove Assad from power and how would you do it?
 Thank you, sir.Mr. Trump  Mr. Trump, your comments about banning Muslims from entering the country created a firestorm. According to Facebook, it was the most-talked-about moment online of your entire campaign, with more than 10 million people talking about the issue.Is there anything you've heard that makes you want to rethink this position?
 But you said  you said that he made those comments and they represented him being unhinged after he made them.
 Well  well, after he made them......his poll numbers went up eight points in South Carolina. Now  now, wait...
 Are you  are you saying  are you saying that all those people who agree with Mr. Trump are unhinged?
 We  we want to hear from all of you on this. According to Pew Research, the U.S. admits more than 100,000 Muslim immigrants every single year on a permanent lifetime basis. I want to ask the rest of you to comment on this. Do you agree that we should pause Muslim immigration until we get a better handle on our homeland security situation, as Mr. Trump has said?Beginning with you, Governor Kasich.
 Thank you, sir, we want to hear from the rest of you,Governor Christie, your take.
 Senator Rubio, where do you stand?
 Senator Cruz, where do you stand? Senator Cruz?
 Dr. Carson, where do you stand? Do you agree with Mr. Trump?
 So, to be clear, the both of you do not agree with Mr. Trump?
 Thank you governor.
 Mr. Trump, sometimes maybe in the heat of the campaign, you say things and you have to dial them back. Last week, the New York Times editorial board quoted as saying that you would oppose, "up to 45 percent tariff on Chinese goods."
 Well...
 You never said because they provided that...
 So they've never said to put a tariff on their...
 I'm sorry, you lost me.
 Then I apologize. Then I want to understand, if you don't want a 45 percent tariff, say that wasn't the figure, would you be open  are you open to slapping a higher tariff on Chinese goods of any sort to go back at them?
 I know...
 So you're open to a tariff?
 All right.
 We're getting...
 He is right. If you put a tariff on a good, it's Americans who pay.
 Prices go higher for...
 Yeah.
 Real quick, Senator  go ahead, Senator Cruz.And then we have to get to tax reform.
 Thank you, Governor Bush. Thank you, Mr. Trump. Very briefly.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 Thank you, Mr. Trmup. Thank you, Governor.
 Senator briefly.
 We've got to get to tax reform, gentlemen. We've got to get to tax reform, and we've got to get to the...
 ... we've got to get to the national debt as well. Coming up next, the growing national debt, the war on crime, tax reform. More from North Charleston, South Carolina, when we come right back.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential here in North Charleston. Right back to the questions.Governor Christie, we have spoken much about cutting spending, given the $19 trillion debt. But according to one report, America needs $3.6 trillion in infrastructure spending by 2020.Here in South Carolina, 11 percent of bridges are considered structurally deficient, costing drivers a billion dollars a year in auto repairs. What is your plan to fix the ailing roads and bridges without breaking the bank?
 Thank you, sir. Dr. Carson......it is true U.S. companies have $2 trillion in cash sitting overseas right now. That could be used for investment and jobs in America.Also, several companies right now are pursuing mergers to move their corporate headquarters abroad, and take advantage of much lower taxes. What will you do to stop the flow of companies building cash away from America, and those leaving America altogether?
 Thank you, sir.Senator Rubio...
 Which is why we raised it.Senator Rubio?Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 One of the biggest fiscal challenges is our entitlement programs, particularly Social Security and Medicare. What policies will you put forward to make sure these programs are more financially secure?
 Thank you senator.
 Senator Cruz, yes. You were meant to. Yes, of course.
 Thank you senator.
 Thank you senator. I have to get to a question for Mr. Trump.
 Yes.
 Thank you, Governor. Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.Coming up, how would the candidates protect America, and another terror attack, if we were to see it. But first, you can join us live on stage during the commercial break right from home. Go to facebook.com/foxbusiness. We'll be streaming live and answering your questions during this break next.More from South Carolina coming up. Stay with us.
 Mr. Trump, your net worth is in the multi-billions of dollars and have an ongoing thriving hotel and real estate business. Are you planning on putting your assets in a blind trust should you become president? With such vast wealth, how difficult will it be for you to disentangle yourself from your business and your money and prioritize America's interest first?
 So you'll put your assets in a blind trust?
 Thank you sir.
 Governor Christie, going back to your U.S. Attorney days, you had been praised by both parties as certainly a tough law and order guy. So I wonder what you make of recent statistics that showed violent crimes that have been spiking sometimes by double digit ratings in 30 cities across the country. Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn said, "most local law enforcement officials feel abandoned by Washington." Former NYC Police Chief Ray Kelly, says that, "police are being less proactive because they're being overly scrutinized and second guessed and they're afraid of being sued or thrown in jail."What would you do as president to address this?
 Thank you governor.Governor Kasich, as someone has to deal with controversial police shootings in your own state, what do you make of Chicago's move recently to sort of retrain police? Maybe make them not so quick to use their guns?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator Rubio?Under current law, the U.S. is on track to issue more new permanent immigrants on green cards over the next five years than the entire population of South Carolina. The CBO says your 2013 immigration bill would have increased green cardholders by another 10 million over 10 years.Why are you so interested in opening up borders to foreigners when American workers have a hard enough time finding work?
 So your thinking has changed?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Gentlemen, gentlemen 
 Very quick, very quick.
 Do you think they like each other?
 All right, gentlemen, we've got to stop. I know you are very passionate about that.Governor Bush, fears have gripped this country obviously, and you touched on it earlier since the San Bernardino attacks. Since our last , the national conversation has changed, according to Facebook data as well.Now this first graphic shows the issues that were most talked about right before those attacks and now after the issues of Islam, homeland security and ISIS now loom very large. The FBI says Islamic radicals are using social media to communicate and that it needs better access to communication. Now the CEO of Apple, Governor, Tim Cook said unless served with a warrant private communication is private, period. Do you agree, or would you try to convince him otherwise?
 Would you answer this question?
 Fair enough. So Tim Cook  so Tim Cook says he's going to keep it private.
 But if Tim cook is telling you no, Mr. President.
 Do you ask or do you order?
 Governor, thank you.
 When we come right back, closing statements. Stay with us.
 Welcome back.Candidates, it is time for your closing statements. You get 60 seconds each.Governor John Kasich, we begin with you.
 Governor Bush?
 Governor Chris Christie?
 Dr. Ben Carson?
 Senator Marco Rubio?
 Senator Ted Cruz?
 Mr. Donald Trump?
 Candidates, thank you.
 Gentlemen, thank you all. All of you. That wraps up our debate. We went a little bit over here. But we wanted to make sure everyone was able to say their due. He's upset. All right. Thank you for joining us. Much more to come in the Spin Room ahead.
 Welcome to the CNN-Facebook Republican presidential debate here at the Venetian Las Vegas.We have a very enthusiastic audience. Everyone is here. They're looking forward to a serious and spirited discussion about the security of this nation.I'm Wolf Blitzer, your moderator tonight. This debate is airing on CNN networks here in the United States and around the world, and on the Salem Radio Network. The nine leading candidates, they are here. Let's welcome them right now.Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky.New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.Senator Ted Cruz of Texas.Businessman and real estate developer Donald Trump.Retired neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson.Senator Marco Rubio of Florida.Former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina.And Ohio Governor John Kasich.Ladies and gentlemen, welcome these Republican candidates for president of the United States.This is the final Republican debate before the election year begins, and we're taking a moment for the photographs of the candidates together on the stage. Now, everyone, please rise for the national anthem sung by Ayla Brown.[national anthem]
 I know everyone is eager to get started. So, candidates, please take your places while I explain the ground rules for tonight.As moderator, I'll guide the discussion, and I'll be joined in the questioning by Salem Radio Network talk show host Hugh Hewitt and CNN's chief political correspondent Dana Bash. We also asked Republicans and independents nationwide to share their questions for the candidates. We teamed up with Facebook to send a campaign camper across the country over the past several weeks.Thousands of people stepped inside and recorded their questions on video. Millions more have weighed in on Facebook. Candidates, I'll try to make sure each of you gets your fair share of questions. You'll have a minute and 15 seconds to answer and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. I'll give you time to respond if you're singled out for criticism.Our viewers should know that we have timing lights that are visible to the candidates to warn them when their time is up. And as the candidates requested, a bell will sound like this. We know you are all eager to jump in and debate these important issues, so, please, wait until you're called on.These nine Republicans are positioned on stage based on their ranking in the recent polls, so let's begin right now. I'd like to invite each candidate to introduce himself or herself to our audience. You'll have one minute.First to you, Senator Paul.
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Kasich?
 Governor Christie?
 Ms. Fiorina?
 Governor Bush?
 Senator Rubio?
 Senator Cruz.
 Dr. Carson.
 Mr. Trump.
 Thank you.Since you last debated, Americans have witnessed terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino. The FBI director says the country now faces the greatest terror threat since 9/11. You all have different approaches to keeping the country safe. And that will be the focus of tonight's debate.Mr. Trump, as you mentioned in your opening statement, part of your strategy is to focus in on America's borders. To keep the country safe, you say you want to temporarily ban non-American Muslims from coming to the United States; ban refugees fleeing ISIS from coming here; deport 11 million people; and wall off America's southern border. Is the best way to make America great again to isolate it from much of the rest of the world?
 Governor Bush, you called Mr. Trump "unhinged" when he proposed banning non-American Muslims from the United States. Why is that unhinged?
 Mr. Trump?
 Senator Rubio  I'm going to go to Senator Rubio and get his thoughts.You have said banning Muslims is unconstitutional. But according to a recent ABC News-Washington Post poll, a majority of Republicans support Mr. Trump's idea. Why are they wrong?
 Hugh Hewitt, you have a question.
 Senator Cruz, you've said you disagree with Mr. Trump's policy. I don't want a cage match; you've tweeted you don't want a cage match. But Republican primary voters deserve to know, with the kind of specificity and responsiveness you delivered in your nine Supreme Court arguments, how you disagree with Mr. Trump. Would you spell that out with us?
 So you're saying you disagree because he's too broad and you have a narrower focus? Why do you disagree with him?
 Carly Fiorina...  ... this is the Christmas dinner debate. This will be the debate that Americans talk about at Christmas. And thus far, in the first 10 minutes, we haven't heard a lot about Ronald Reagan's city on a hill. We've heard a lot about keeping Americans out or keeping Americans safe and everyone else out. Is this what you want the party to stand for?
 Governor Christie, Americans are clearly more afraid today than at any time since 9/11. As you mentioned in your opening statement, today in Los Angeles, 650 schoolchildren didn't go to  650,000 schoolchildren didn't go to school because of an e-mail threat, this two weeks after an attack killed 14 people in San Bernardino. Is this the new normal? And if so, what steps would you take as president of the United States to ensure that fear does not paralyze America?
 Thank you.Governor Kasich, one of the killers in San Bernardino was an American who was not on anyone's watch list. How are you going to find that radicalized person and stop another such attack?
 Thank you.Dana Bash, you have the next question.
 A crucial question is how to balance surveillance with privacy and keeping Americans safe.Senator Cruz, you voted for a bill that President Obama signed into law just this past June that made it harder for the government to access Americans' phone records. In light of the San Bernardino attack, was your vote a mistake?
 Thank you.Senator Rubio, Senator Cruz is right there was bipartisan support for that. But you voted against it. So, is Senator Cruz wrong?
 Senator Cruz?
 Senator  Senator  Senator Rubio, please respond.
 Senator Paul, Senator Paul, I know this is  this has been a very big issue for you. You hear many of your colleagues are calling for increased surveillance by law enforcement. You call that hogwash. Why is that hogwash?
 Senator Rubio?
 Governor Christie, Governor Christie...   ...Governor Christie, I'll come to you in a minute. Go ahead, Senator Paul.
 Go ahead, please.
 Senator, we're going to talk about immigration in a while. But, Governor Christie, just listening to this...
 Listening to this, you talked  you heard Senator Paul, Senator Cruz talk about how important it is to protect Americans' privacy, even in a time of grave danger. Why  what's wrong with that?
 Thank you.Dr. Carson, you're in favor of monitoring mosques and schools where there is anti-America sentiment, what do you consider anti- America?
 Dr. Carson, who was right in that little debate that we just heard between Senator Rubio and Senator Paul?
 Hold on a sec, we have a lot more to come and everybody's going to have their full opportunity.Governor Bush, six days after 9/11 your brother visited a mosque and said quote, "Islam is peace." The conversation tonight is about banning Muslims and surveillance of mosques, are President Bush's words still relevant in today's Republican party?
 Ms. Fiorina, as you pointed out you were a CEO in Silicon Valley on 9/11. Companies there, they say they won't help the FBI now crack encrypted communication from ISIS, should they be forced to.
 But my question was Should these Silicon Valley companies be forced to cooperate with the FBI?
 Mr. Trump, you recently suggested closing that Internet up, those were your words, as a way to stop ISIS from recruiting online. Are you referring to closing down actual portions of the Internet? Some say that would put the U.S. in line with China and North Korea.
 Let me follow up, Mr. Trump.So, are you open to closing parts of the Internet?
 Thank you.Governor Kasich, is shutting down any part of the Internet a good idea?
 Thank you, Governor.The fight against radical Islamic terrorists and ISIS has been called the war of our time. So let's talk about how each of you, as commander in chief, would fight this war and win it.Senator Cruz, you have said you would, quote, "carpet bomb ISIS into oblivion," testing whether, quote, "sand can glow in the dark." Does that mean leveling the ISIS capital of Raqqa in Syria where there are hundreds of thousands of civilians?
 Thank you. To be clear, Senator Cruz, would you carpet bomb Raqqa, the ISIS capital, where there are a lot of civilians, yes or no?
 Thank you. Thank you, Senator.Senator Rubio, you've been critical of Senator Cruz's strategy. You say his voting record doesn't match his rhetoric. Why?
 Because I asked the question, Senator, because you said this. You said he, referring to Senator Cruz, voted against the Defense Authorization Act every year that it came up, and I assume that if he voted against it, he would veto it as president. That's the bill that funds our troops.
 Senator Cruz?
 Senator Rubio.
 We are going to have much more on this...
 We're going to have much more on this. But I want to move now back to Mr. Trump.
 Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
 We have a lot...
 We have a lot to discuss. I want to move to Mr. Trump right now. We have a question on this war against ISIS and how you would fight and win this war. Here's the question from Facebook. Listen to this.
 Mr. Trump.
 Governor Bush. Governor Bush.
 Mr. Trump.
 Just one at a time, go ahead...
 Go ahead, Mr. Trump.
 Governor Bush, please.
 One at a time.
 Governor Bush.
 Thank you.
 All right. Hugh Hewitt and Dana Bash, Hugh, go ahead with the next question.
 Dr. Carson...... you mentioned in your opening remarks that you're a pediatric neurologist surgeon...
 Neurosurgeon. And people admire and respect and are inspired by your life story, your kindness, your evangelical core support. We're talking about ruthless things tonight  carpet bombing, toughness, war. And people wonder, could you do that? Could you order air strikes that would kill innocent children by not the scores, but the hundreds and the thousands? Could you wage war as a commander-in-chief?
 So you are OK with the deaths of thousands of innocent children and civilian? It's like...
 That is what war  can you be as ruthless as Churchill was in prosecuting the war against the Nazis?
 Senator Paul, you said ISIS grew stronger because of the hawks in your party. Do you really think that Republicans have fueled the rise of ISIS?
 Senator Paul, Senator Paul, I want to go back to my initial question, which is you saying that ISIS grew stronger because of hawks in your party. And do you think your own party, the people who you're describing, are responsible for the rise of ISIS?
 Senator, we're going to talk about regime change in a bit.But Governor Kasich, would you like to respond to Senator Paul?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Rubio? Let's continue this conversation. This is a critically important issue.
 We will get to  we have a lot of time, Ms. Fiorina.I want to get to Senator Rubio right now. Let's talk about, one of the aspects of your strategy, you say the only way to defeat ISIS is with ground forces made up primarily of Sunni-Arab forces. Those Arab nations, though, as you well know, they've conducted less than five percent of the airstrikes and actually none since August. What makes you think they are willing to fight on the ground if they're not even willing to fight from the air?
 Thank you, Senator. Stand by.Ms. Fiorina, the former defense secretary, Bob Gates, says the chances of getting Sunni-Arab forces on the ground to get the job done, his words, "chances very remote." What's your strategy?
 Thank you.Governor Christie, what's your strategy?
 Dr. Carson, what is your strategy?
 Thank you.Everyone stand by. We're only just beginning. Coming up, which candidates on this stage tonight want to move foreign policy in a dramatically new direction?We'll be right back.
 Welcome back to the CNN-Facebook Republican Presidential Debate here at the Venetian, Las Vegas.The war against ISIS will pose many new challenges for the next commander-in-chief. The last two presidents pursued a Middle East policy that supported toppling dictators to try to promote democracy.Senator Cruz, you have said the world would be safer today if Saddam Hussein were still in power in Iraq, Moammar Gadhafi ruled Libya, and Hosni Mubarak ruled Egypt. So would it be your policy to preserve dictatorships, rather than promoting democracy in the Middle East?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator.Senator Rubio, you supported the removal of Moammar Gadhafi in Libya. Now that country is in turmoil, as ISIS is clearly growing there. Senator Cruz says you haven't learned your lesson. Do you have any regrets for supporting President Obama's intervention in Libya?
 Senator Cruz?
 Standby. Everybody standby for a moment. Governor Kasich, go ahead.
 Thank you.
 We're going to talk about Assad in a moment.Mr. Trump, are Americans safer with dictators running the world in the Middle East?
 Thank you.Mr. Trump?
 All right.
 Thank you.
 Dr. Carson, is the Middle East...
 Dr. Carson, is the Middle East better off with dictators?
 Governor Bush.
 Hold on Governor Bush., here's the question. You said, "getting rid of Saddam Hussein in your words was a pretty good deal." In light of what has happened in Iraq, do you still feel that way?
 Senator Paul, was getting rid of Saddam Hussein a pretty good deal?
 Thank you.Hugh Hewitt, go ahead.Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hugh.
 Senator, Senator, we're going to get to you. Wait your turn. We have two hours of debate. We'll have plenty of time. Let Hugh ask his question.
 Senator, please.
 Senator...
 You'll have plenty of opportunity.Hugh, go ahead.
 These are the rules all of you agreed to.Hugh, go ahead with your question.
 Mr. Trump, we are talking about the most important thing, that's why it's heated. And it's, you are OK with Mr. Assad staying in power, but you are also in favor of winning.If he stays in power, Iran is winning, Hezbollah is winning. Iran is winning in Yemen. They are winning everywhere. If they are winning how can we be winning?
 Governor Christie, is he right? Because if we step back, Iran goes nuclear. Is Donald Trump right?
 Senator Paul, let me ask you, you heard Governor Kasich say Assad must go. Do you agree?
 Let's continue with Russia right now. We have another question from Facebook. Listen and watch.
 Ms. Fiorina, as you know, U.S. and Russian warplanes are flying all over Syria right now. With so many lives on the line, is this a good time for the United States not to talk to Putin?
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.Governor Christie, if the U.S. imposed a no-fly zone over Syria and a Russian plane encroached, invaded that no-fly zone, would you be prepared to shoot down that Russian plane and risk war with Russia?
 Senator Paul  Senator Paul, I want you to respond to what we just heard from Governor Christie. If there was a no-fly zone, you say that potentially could lead to World War III. Why?
 Governor Christie?
 All right, let's go back  Hugh and Dana?
 Governor Bush, a commander-in-chief question. You've said that Mr. Trump is not qualified to be president because he's not qualified to deal with Vladimir Putin. Why are you better qualified to deal with Vladimir Putin than Mr. Trump?
 Mr. Trump?
 But, Mr. Trump, it's not CNN  I was on CNN last night...
 ... watching...
 But it wasn't  it wasn't CNN. It was me. I watched you last night for 16 minutes. It's not CNN.
 It's not CNN. It's America's watching you.
 It's America's watching.
 One at a time. Hugh, go ahead.
 Governor  thank you, Governor.
 Dr. Carson, commander-in-chief question again. You've been the head of neurosurgery for a big hospital. You're on a lot of boards of a lot of companies. You've traveled the world. You're going traveling again next week. But does that prepare you to command troops from Djibouti to Japan, troops from Afghanistan to Iraq to be in charge of the men and women watching on Armed Services Network tonight?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. We've been talking tonight about programs and policy proposals that you all have to keep Americans safe and it's a big discussion on the campaign trail. Also about border security and immigration. So let's talk about immigration.Senator Rubio. You co-authored a bill with Democrats two years ago that allowed a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Do you still support that path to citizenship, which means giving those immigrants rights, like the right to vote?
 Senator, you haven't answered the question. You described a very long path but does that path end at citizenship?
 Thank you, senator.
 Thank you, senator. Senator Cruz.  Senator Cruz, on the campaign trail, Senator Rubio has said that his immigration plan is not that different from yours. Is that true?
 Senator Rubio, please.
 Senator Cruz?
 Senator Cruz?
 Senator Cruz, can you answer that question please?
 Senator Cruz?
 One at a time please.
 Ms. Fiorina, please wait your turn, we're going to get to you.
 Senator Cruz go ahead.
 Mr. Trump, you like to say that you restarted this conversation in the campaign.
 So who do you side with? Who do you side with in this, Senator Rubio or Senator Cruz?
 Thank you.Governor Bush?
 Listening to this, do you think this is the tone  this immigration debate that republicans need to take to win back Hispanics into our party especially states like where we are in Nevada that has a pretty Hispanic community?
 Governor, thank you very much.So, Dr. Carson, you recently visited a refugee camp in Jordan and you deemed it your words, "really quite nice." Saying the people there didn't want to come to the United States. Do you think these camps are a long-term solution of the problem of Syrian refugees?
 Senator Paul, you oppose letting in Syrian refugees at this time into the United States. The U.S. has already accepted 2,000 Syrian refugees, including 13 living here in Las Vegas right now. Would you send them back? What would you do with these people?
 Senator Rubio?
 Senator Paul, you didn't answer the question about the 2,000 Syrian refugees who are already here in the United States. Will you send them back or let them stay?
 We have another  we have another question. We have another question from Facebook. Let's listen.
 Governor Christie, you say there should be a pause in allowing new refugees to come into the United States, including orphans under the age of five. What do you say to Carla?
 Governor Kasich.
 Thank you, Governor.There is much more coming up. We are only just beginning. Coming up, what other global hot spots await the next president of the United States.
 Welcome back to the CNN-Facebook Republican Presidential Debate. We're here at the Venetian Las Vegas. Tonight we have been focusing on the Middle East, but let's turn to some other world threats that you will potentially face as Commander in Chief.Ms. Fiorina, candidates here have called the North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un a maniac who is mentally unstable. Last week he said he now has a hydrogen bomb. If you were elected president, what would you do about Kim Jong-Un?
 Dr. Carson, what would you do about Kim Jong-Un?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. Dana and Hugh you have questions as well.
 Governor Christie, you've said if China launches a cyber- attack against the U.S. on your watch, "they're going to see cyber- warfare like they have never seen before." What exactly would that response look like?
 Governor Bush, what you just heard from Governor Christie, are you concerned that that could really escalate with China, that they would retaliate? And, for example, as the NSA has said, attack the U.S. and maybe it's power grid, which the Chinese have the capability to do?
 Mr. Trump...... Dr. Carson just referenced the single most important job of the president, the command, the control and the care of our nuclear forces. And he mentioned the triad. The B-52s are older than I am. The missiles are old. The submarines are aging out. It's an executive order. It's a commander-in-chief decision.What's your priority among our nuclear triad?
 Of the three legs of the triad, though, do you have a priority? I want to go to Senator Rubio after that and ask him.
 Senator Rubio, do you have a response?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio.Some of you on this stage have questioned whether your opponents have temperament, the right temperament, to be in control of the nuclear codes.Dana, you have a question on this?
 Mr. Trump, just this weekend you said Senator Cruz is not qualified to be president because he doesn't have the right temperament and acted like a maniac when he arrived in the Senate. But last month you said you were open to naming Senator Cruz as your running mate.
 So why would you be willing to put somebody who's a maniac one heartbeat away from the presidency?
 Okay.Senator Cruz. Senator Cruz, you have not been willing to attack Mr. Trump in public.
 But you did question his judgment in having control of American's nuclear arsenal during a private meeting with supporters. Why are you willing to say things about him in private and not in public?
 Senator, senator, I just...
 Senator, a lot of people have seen...
 ... a lot of people have seen these comments you made in private. I just want to clarify what you're saying right now is you do believe Mr. Trump has the judgment to be commander in chief?
 Thank you, senator. Thank you.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.We're a month and a half away now from the first real test who will be the Republican presidential nominee.Hugh, you have a question?
 My listeners tell me again and again they are worried that Hillary Clinton will win the White House because you'll run as an independent. Are you ready to assure Republicans tonight that you will run as a Republican and abide by the decision of the Republicans?
 Dr. Carson, last week...
 Please.
 Dr. Carson, Mr. Trump just committed to stay the distance regardless of the result. How about you?
 All right. Candidates, we have more coming up. When we come back, everyone will have an opportunity to explain why this particular candidate, each of you on the stage, believes he or she should be the Republican presidential nominee.
 Now it's time for the closing statements from the candidates. Each one has 30 seconds.Senator Paul.
 Governor Kasich.
 Governor Christie.
 Ms. Fiorina.
 Governor Bush.
 Senator Rubio.
 Senator Cruz.
 Dr. Carson.
 Thanks to all the Republican presidential candidates. That does it for this Republican presidential debate.PARTICIPANTSFormer Governor Jeb Bush (FL);Ben Carson;Senator Ted Cruz (TX);Carly Fiorina;Governor John Kasich (OH);Senator Rand Paul (KY);Senator Marco Rubio (FL);Donald Trump;MODERATORSGerard Baker (The Wall Street Journal);Maria Bartiromo (Fox Business Network); andNeil Cavuto (Fox Business Network)
 It is 900 p.m. on the East Coast, 800 p.m. here inside the Milwaukee theater. Welcome to the Republican presidential debate here on the Fox Business Network. I'm Neil Cavuto, alongside my co-moderators, Maria Bartiromo, and the editor-in-chief of the Wall Street Journal, Gerard Baker.
 Tonight we're partnering with the Wall Street Journal to ask questions on the economy that voters want answered. We're also working with Facebook, who tells us that since the first Republican debate, more than 58 million people have joined the political conversation online.More than 9 million are talking specifically about the economy.
 The candidates on stage tonight were selected based on their standing in an average of four national polls. Those standings determining their position on the stage. And here they are. At center stage, businessman Donald Trump.Neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson.
 Florida Senator Marco Rubio.Texas Senator Ted Cruz.Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.
 Businesswoman Carly Fiorina.Ohio Governor John Kasich.And Kentucky Senator Rand Paul.
 Tonight's rules are simple. Up to 90 second for each answer. One minute for each follow-up response. And if a candidate goes over their allotted time, you'll here this.
 It sounds like a game show but it's not.Now I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the elephant in the room, and I'm not talking about your party's fine symbol. I'm talking about the purpose of tonight's debate.The economy and what each of you would do to improve it. No more, no less. We are focused on those issues, and what you have said on those issues in your words and what your opponents have said in their words about your words. That is the agenda tonight. How each of you plans to make America better tomorrow. And so we begin. Candidates, as we gather tonight in this very august theater, just outside and across the country, picketers are gathering as well. They're demanding an immediate hike in the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Just a few hours ago, near Governor Andrew Cuomo proposed doing the same for all state workers, the first governor to do so.Mr. Trump, as the leading presidential candidate on this stage and one whose tax plan exempts couples making up to $50,000 a year from paying any federal income taxes at all, are you sympathetic to the protesters cause since a $15 wage works out to about $31,000 a year?
 So do not raise the minimum wage?
 Dr. Carson, you have long bemoaned this lackluster recovery. And this Facebook map show Americans share your concern. The green represents how the jobs issue is resonating all across the nation, especially here in the state of Wisconsin.You suggested one minimum wage does not fit all, and that perhaps we should offer a lower or starter wage for young people. Those protesters outside are looking for $15 and nothing less. Where are you?
 So, sir, just to be clear, you would not raise it?
 Senator Rubio, you called the recent Democratic debate in Las Vegas a night of giveaways, including free health care, free college and a host of other government-paid benefits. Since you aren't a fan of all they're giving away, tell us tonight what you would take back.
 Thank you, Senator Rubio.
 We've asked people on Facebook to submit their questions for the candidates. Seth Bell wrote, "We are approaching $20 trillion in national debt. Specifically, what plans do you have to cut federal spending?" Governor Kasich, you have spoken much about your success in balancing the budget under President Clinton. Today the national debt is at record highs and growing unsustainably. Interest will be the fastest-growing part of the federal budget, tripling over the next 10 years. Social Security, the lifeline of millions of American seniors, is rushing toward insolvency. With all of the tax plans presented tonight, estimated to cost anywhere between $2 trillion and $12 trillion over a decade, what specific steps will you take to balance the budget?
 Did you want to name any specific steps, sir?
 Thank you, sir.
 Senator Cruz, the International Monetary Fund recently cut its expectations for economic growth. Many economists expect a recession to hit the U.S. within the next year due to the weakening of manufacturing. The next president will have to deal with it. You say tax reform is a powerful lever to spur economic expansion. You're calling for a 10 percent income tax and a 16 percent business tax. What other elements do you need in this plan to actually create jobs?
 Thank you, sir.
 Governor Bush...
 We have more questions for you, Governor Kasich, coming up. We have more questions for you, Governor Kasich.
 We will  we will certainly get to that. Governor Bush?
 Almost 40 percent of Americans are without a job and are not looking. Many have given up. That's what the participation rate tells us. You've said your policies will drive the economy back to 4 percent growth, which we haven't seen since the year 2000. What specific regulations would you change? And how will that lead to jobs and growth?
 Thank you, sir.
 Ms. Fiorina, while you've all pointed out how weak the current recovery has been and how disappointing by any historical standards, in the general election, the Democrats will inevitably ask you and voters to compare the recent president's jobs performance.Now, in seven years under President Obama, the U.S. has added an average of 107,000 jobs a month. Under President Clinton, the economy added about 240,000 jobs a month. Under George W. Bush, it was only 13,000 a month. If you win the nomination, you'll probably be facing a Democrat named Clinton. How are you going to respond to the claim that Democratic presidents are better at creating jobs than Republicans?
 Thank you. Thank you. Senator Paul, income inequality has been rising in the United States. Fifty years ago, for example, the average CEO of a big corporation in this country earned 20 times the average salary of one of his or her workers. Today, that CEO earns about 300 times the average salary of a worker. Does it matter at all that the gap between the rich and everyone else is widening?
 Thank you, Senator.
 All right. We're only just getting started. Coming up, your taxes. Stick around. You're watching FOX Business
 Welcome back to the Milwaukee Theater and the Republican presidential debate. Let's get right back to our questions.Dr. Carson, to you. You recently railed against the double- standard in the media, sir, that seems obsessed with inconsistencies and potential exaggerations in your life story, but looked the other way when it came to then-Senator Barack Obama's. Still, as a candidate whose brand has always been trust, are you worried your campaign  which you've always said, sir, is bigger than you  is now being hurt by you?
 I'll just forget that follow-up there.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 Mr. Trump, a federal appeals court just dealt a blow to the Obama administration's plan to prevent the deportation of 5 million people living in this country illegally. The White House is appealing to the Supreme Court.At the heart of this issue is the effect that illegal immigrants are having on our economy, what will you do about it?
 Can we just send 5 million people back with no effect on economy?
 So what will you do?
 Thank you, sir.
 Senator Rubio...
 Yes, one quick comment, yes.
 Governor Bush...
 Governor  Governor, you...You should let Jeb speak.
 Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, you yourself  you yourself said let Governor Bush speak. Governor Bush?
 Senator Rubio? Senator...
 Senator Rubio, Senator Rubio, let me  let me take you to a question that I think gets to the root of a lot of the anxiety that people have in this country. The economy is undergoing a transformation through information technology. Americans are anxious that the new economy isn't producing higher-paying jobs. Many are concerned that the new wealth seems to be going mainly to innovators and investors.Meanwhile, with factories run by robots and shopping done increasingly on smartphones, many traditional jobs are just going away. How do you reassure American workers that their jobs are not being steadily replaced by machines?
 Thank you. Senator Cruz  Senator Cruz, entitlements. You've argued for raising the retirement age and reducing benefits for future retirees, but reducing any sort of benefits for the elderly has always been notoriously hard to do politically. When Speaker Paul Ryan proposed replacing traditional Medicare with federally funded private plans a few years ago, a liberal group responded with a commercial that featured a granny being pushed off a cliff.What's going to be different this time?
 ...I said for future retirees was your statement...
 We go back to Facebook. Dewayne Wesley Cato asks on Facebook, how do we get rid of regulations choking our businesses? Ms. Fiorina?Specifically, under the president's Affordable Care Act, employers with 50 or more employees are required to offer health insurance, or be fined. Many are opting to pay the fine. Others are cutting back employee hours to duck the law altogether. What specific ways will you alleviate the pressure on small business?
 Just to be clear, you want to repeal Obamacare... ..but, what's the alternative?
 Just to be clear, you say you would repeal Obamacare...
 ...But, what is the alternative...
 ...and how does that help small business...
 ...Thank you...
 Alright, thank you. We're going to take a break here. Coming up, a big issue many Americans are facing, taxes. The Republican Presidential Debate continues now, live, from Milwaukee.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate live from Milwaukee. Let's get back to the questions. And we want to touch on obviously one of the biggest of this issue in this year, taxes. And this will go to several of you.One of the biggest economic concerns of course in the country are taxes. Facebook data certainly backs that up. Once again the green on this map that we're going to see here shows how the conversation around taxes is resonating across the nation, especially here in Wisconsin.First off, Dr. Carson, to you. You say you are in favor of a tax system, I guess akin to tithing, sir, with a flat tax rate of up to 15 percent because you said, if everybody pays this, I think God is a pretty fair guy, so tithing is a pretty fair process.But Donald Trump says that is not fair. That wealthier taxpayers should pay a higher rate because it's a fair thing to do. So whose plan would God endorse then, Doctor? [laughter]Yours or Mr. Trump's?
 Right.
 Thank you very much.Senator Paul, you said you want to blow up the tax code and start over with an across-the-board 14.5 percent fair and flat tax. You happily offered that it is not revenue neutral and that's the idea. You want to choke off the amount of money coming into Washington.But don't you risk, sir, creating a near-term budget crisis just as your presidency would be beginning?
 There are no deductions on your  under your plan?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Cruz, there isn't anyone in this audience or watching at home tonight who would not like to pay less in taxes. Most people just want a fair shake, and they don't want their money to be wasted.But explain how your plan works. How can you cut taxes as much as you propose without running up debt and deficits?
 But you haven't told us how to pay for it.
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Bush, Republican primary voters say tax reform should be a priority for Congress and the administration. But, Governor Bush, how important is tax reform in your domestic policy agenda? Will you guarantee it in the first year of your presidency?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator Rubio. Can I just come to Senator Rubio? We're coming to you, Mr. Trump, in one second. I  I promise.
 Senator Rubio, your tax plan includes a large expansion of child tax credits to raise off (ph) the tax incomes for low-income parents. A similar tax credit that you previously proposed in the Senate was estimated to cost as much as $170 billion a year, according to the Tax Foundation.Isn't  isn't there a risk you're just adding another expensive entitle program to an already overburdened federal budget?
 Governor Kasich? Let me come to Governor Kasich.
 Governor Kasich.
 Very quickly, Senator.
 Please.
 ...Gentleman, we need to move on...
 ...We need to move...
 ...We need too...
 ...We do need to move on. Mr. Trump...
 ...Very quick.
 Let's talk about  No, no, Governor, I really must move on. I really want to move on.Mr. Trump, let's talk about the international economy...
 ...We really need to move on...
 ...No, governor, I promise I will come to you...
 ...Listen...
 ...Mr. Trump, can I ask you about...
 ...the U.S. just concluded an international trade agreement with 11 countries in the Pacific. You've said that you'd rather have no deal...
 ...than sign the one that's on the table...
 ...Most economists  most economists say that trade is boosted growth, and every single post war president has supported the expansion of international trade, including the last three republican presidents. Why would you reverse more than 50 years of U.S. trade policy?
 The  the deal, as you say, the terms of the deal were published  were published just last week, the details, 5,000 pages of it, and 80 percent of U.S. trade with countries in the Pacific, these countries, these 11 countries, is actually tariff-free, and these  the trade deal only affects the other 20 percent. Which  are there particular parts of the deal that you think were badly negotiated?
 There was a separate  separate...
 That's right. That's right.
 But isn't that  isn't that part of the problem? When I say, Senator, that if  if this deal is not ratified by  by the U.S.  by the Senate, then it would actually give China an opportunity to grow its economic leadership, which it's been seeking to do? And if the U.S. is unable to take part in this trade deal with these countries in Asia, China will take the lead?
 Thank you. Thanks, Senator.
 Coming up, the biggest threats facing the next commander-in-chief. You're watching the Republican presidential debate, live tonight from Milwaukee. We'll be right back.
 Welcome back. Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate. The candidates taking the questions you want answered. Also tonight, you can see what America is saying about the debate. Go to Facebook and type #gopdebate into the search box.Now, back to the questions. Americans face security threats at home and abroad. Last year, terrorist attacks rose 61 percent, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace, with the most deaths occurring in just five countries, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nigeria, and Syria.Dr. Carson, you were against putting troops on the ground in Iraq and against a large military force in Afghanistan. Do you support the president's decision to now put 50 special ops forces in Syria and leave 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan?
 We asked Facebook to take a look at some of the major issues we're talking about, and tackling in this debate tonight. This word cloud shows what people are focusing on the most. The bigger the word, the more the talk. One of the most discussed issues in the last month, homeland security. Governor Bush, what is the biggest threat facing America today?
 Thank you, sir.Mr. Trump, in 2012 debate, President Obama mocked Mitt Romney's assertion that Russia was the top geopolitical challenge facing the United States, saying he was a Cold War dinosaur. Now, Russia has invaded Ukraine, and has put troops in Syria. You have said you will have a good relationship with Mr. Putin. So, what does President Trump do in response to Russia's aggression?
 Thank you, sir.
 Senator Paul... [applause and cheering] Senator Paul, you have already said, sir, that that would be a mistake in not talking to Vladimir Putin, or to rule it out. You've argued that it's never a good idea to close down communication. With that in mind, do you think the same applies to administration efforts right now to include the Iranians in talks on Syria?
 ...Well, then how would you respond?
 But if you're not going to respond in a no-fly zone strategy, what would yours be?
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Kasich, I want to ask you about China, in particular hundreds of American companies have been subjected to cyber attacks from the Chinese military, yet state-backed Chinese companies, growing their presence in the United States, Chinese investments in U.S., which were nearly nonexistent a few years ago, are now over $50 billion. And as my newspaper recently reported, Chinese companies are planning to bid for one of the largest hotel chains in the United States, what would be the largest ever Chinese takeover of a U.S. company. Would you stop them?
 Thank you, Governor. Plenty of opportunities. Thank you.Neil?
 All right. And look at the time, look at the time. You are watching FOX Business, we'll take a break. Stick around.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate, live from Milwaukee.Now let's get straight back to the questions, and Governor Bush.Governor, Hillary Clinton recently said that if we had another financial crisis like the one in 2008, she wouldn't bail out the banks. Would you?
 But, Governor, but can I just quickly  did  you can't seriously guarantee that there won't be another financial crisis, can you?
 Ever? There will never be another financial crisis?
 Dr. Carson, if I may, just on that point, despite measures taken, as the governor says, since the crisis to make the financial system safer, the major banks in the U.S., many of them are actually bigger than ever. Asset held by JPMorgan Chase, for example, the very largest bank, have increased by nearly 40 percent to over $2.6 trillion. Do you think JPMorgan and the other big banks should be broken up?
 But just to be clear, just  just to be clear, then, you wouldn't  you wouldn't favor breaking up the big banks? You think they're big enough  they're OK as they are, as big as they are?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 Thank you.
 Senator Cruz  and I will get to you  but, Senator Cruz, on that theme, Facebook data shows that over the last month alone, nearly 1 million people  nearly 1 million  have been concerned about reining in Wall Street, apparently believing that some have not been punished enough.So, as an accomplished litigator yourself and a former solicitor general, would you go after the very people who believe and fear that Wall Street has ignored, in other words, the crooks that Bernie Sanders say have gotten away with a financial murder?
 Senator......Senator, I really want to be clear here. Are you saying, sir, that if Bank of America were on the brink, you would let it fail?
 Sir, I understand that. I just want to be clear, if you don't mind, that millions of depositors would be on the line with that decision. And I just want to be clear. If it were to happen again, for whatever the reason, you would let it go, you would let a Bank of America go?
 Thank you, governor.
 Senator Rubio.
 Thank you, Governor Kasich.
 More questions  more questions coming up, when the Republican presidential debate comes right back, live from Milwaukee. Stay with us.
 Welcome back to the fourth Republican presidential debate.Senator Rubio, Hillary Clinton is the clear front runner for the Democratic nomination. If she is indeed the nominee, you will be facing a candidate with an impressive resume.She was the first lady of the United States, a U.S. senator from New York, and secretary of state under Barack Obama. She has arguably more experience, certainly more time in government than almost all of you on stage tonight.Why should the American people trust you to lead this country, even though she has been so much closer to the office?
 OK, I think it's fair to say you're not fans of Hillary Clinton's resume. Alright, Mr. Trump....
 I had a feeling. Perhaps the most successful capitalist on this stage tonight, you've acknowledged that some give capitalism a bad name. You've been particularly critical of businesses that find all sorts of ways of paying their taxes by keeping money abroad, but your own plan includes an incentive to bring  that more the $2 trillion dollars home.Isn't that, like, a one-time bounty...
 ...Some of the guys you all but call pirates, so they still keep the loot, and pay only a price to bring it back.
 Senator Paul, you were one of 15 republicans to vote for an amendment which states that human activity contributed to climate change. President Obama has announced an aggressive plan to cut carbon emissions. At the same time, energy production in America has boomed. Is it possible to continue this boom, and move toward energy self-sufficiency, while at the same time pursuing a meaningful climate change program?
 ...Alright, gentlemen, I know you want to  and I want to, be we also promised to get people home tonight, and we are going to take a quick break here. I think it is fair to say at this juncture that you can discuss these issues, and only business issues, but still keep it interesting. Stick around for these candidates closing statements.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate. And now, candidates, it's time for your closing statements. You get 30 seconds each, and, Senator Paul, we will begin with you.
 Thank you, Senator. Governor Kasich?
 Carly Fiorina?
 Former Governor Jeb Bush?
 Senator Ted Cruz?
 Senator Marco Rubio?
 He's funny.
 Dr. Ben Carson?
 Donald Trump?
 Candidates, we want to thank you all. We also appreciate your helping save time by talking over one another at times. That was welcomed. But by all means, it was a very riveting debate. Business issues can be  can be riveting, because it wasn't about us, it's about them.
 Thank you.
 That'll do it. Thank you for joining us.PARTICIPANTSFormer Governor Jeb Bush (FL);Ben Carson;Governor Chris Christie (NJ);Senator Ted Cruz (TX);Carly Fiorina;Former Governor Mike Huckabee (AR);Governor John Kasich (OH);Senator Rand Paul (KY);Senator Marco Rubio (FL);Donald Trump;MODERATORSJohn Harwood (CNBC);Becky Quick (CNBC); andCarl Quintanilla (CNBC)
 Good evening, I'm Carl Quintanilla, with my colleagues Becky Quick and John Harwood. We'll be joined tonight by some of CNBC's top experts on the markets and personal finance.Let's get through the rules of the road. Candidates get 30 seconds to answer the opening question, 60 seconds to answer a formal question, 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals, all at the discretion of the moderators.We want you to weigh in from home. You'll see your tweets at the bottom of the screen. Use the hashtag, #cNBCgopdebate. You can also go to cNBC.com/vote to tell us where you stand throughout the night.So let's introduce the candidates for tonight's Republican presidential debate. On the stage from left to right, Governor John Kasich.Governor Mike Huckabee.Governor Jeb Bush.Senator Marco Rubio.Mr. Donald Trump.Dr. Ben Carson.Mrs. Carly Fiorina.Senator Ted Cruz.Governor Chris Christie.  And Senator Rand Paul.A lot to get to tonight. So let's get started. This first is an open question.This series of debates is essentially a job interview with the American people. And in any job interview, you know this you get asked, "what's your biggest weakness?" So in 30 seconds, without telling us that you try too hard or that you're a perfectionist... [laughter] ...what is your biggest weakness and what are you doing to address it? We'll go left to right. Governor Kasich, 30 seconds.
 Governor?
 Governor Huckabee.
 Thank you, Governor. Governor Bush.
 Senator Rubio.
 Mr. Trump?
 Dr. Carson?
 Mrs. Fiorina?
 Fixed it.
 Senator Cruz?
 Governor Christie?
 Senator Paul?
 Thanks to all the candidates.John?
 Mr. Trump, you've done very well in this campaign so far by promising to build a wall and make another country pay for it.
 Send 11 million people out of the country. Cut taxes $10 trillion without increasing the deficit.
 And make Americans better off because your greatness would replace the stupidity and incompetence of others.
 Let's be honest. [laughter]Is this a comic book version of a presidential campaign?
 We're at the 60 seconds.
 We're at 60 seconds, but I gotta ask you, you talked about your tax plan. You say that it would not increase the deficit because you cut taxes $10 trillion in the economy would take off like...
 Hold on, hold on. The economy would take off like a rocket ship.
 I talked to economic advisers who have served presidents of both parties. They said that you have as chance of cutting taxes that much without increasing the deficit as you would of flying away from that podium by flapping your arms.
 The Tax Foundation says  has looked at all of our plans and  and his creates, even with the dynamic effect, $8 trillion dollar deficit...
 Gentlemen  we'll  we'll get back to this  just a minute  just a minute we're gonna continue this.I wanna talk taxes...
 Hold it. We'll cut it back to you in just a minute. Becky's moving on.
 Dr. Carson, let's talk about taxes.You have a flat tax plan of 10 percent flat taxes, and  I've looked at it  and this is something that is very appealing to a lot of voters, but I've had a really tough time trying to make the math work on this.If you were to took a 10 percent tax, with the numbers right now in total personal income, you're gonna come in with bring in $1.5 trillion. That is less than half of what we bring in right now. And by the way, it's gonna leave us in a $2 trillion hole.So what analysis got you to the point where you think this will work?
 I  I understand that, but if you  if you look at the numbers you probably have to get to 28.
 15 percent still leaves you with a $1.1 trillion hole.
 You'd have to cut  you'd have to cut government about 40 percent to make it work with a $1.1 trillion hole.
 That is true, I looked at the numbers.
 Dr. Carson, thank you.
 Governor Kasich, hold it, I'm coming to you right now. The...
 Well, I'm asking you about this.
 I'm about to ask you about this.That is, you had some very strong words to say yesterday about what's happening in your party and what you're hearing from the two gentlemen we've just heard from. Would you repeat it?
 Well, let's just get more pointed about it. You said yesterday that you were hearing proposals that were just crazy from your colleagues.Who were you talking about?
 Governor  Governor. thank you, Governor.
 Mr. Trump, 30 seconds.
 Governor...
 Thank you, Governor.
 Dr. Carson, let me get 30 seconds with Dr. Carson...
 Thank you.
 Senator  Senator, thank you.
 Gentlemen, I'm sorry, we need to...
 We're going to try to move on.
 You want to bring 70,000 pages to three?
 Is that using really small type?
 Is that using really small type?
 Mrs. Fiorina 
 We're going to 
 We're going to move on.
 We will come around the bend, i promise. This one is for Senator Rubio. You've been a young man in a hurry ever since you won your first election in your 20s. You've had a big accomplishment in the Senate, an immigration bill providing a path to citizenship the conservatives in your party hate, and even you don't support anymore. Now, you're skipping more votes than any senator to run for president. Why not slow down, get a few more things done first or least finish what you start?
 So when the Sun-Sentinel says Rubio should resign, not rip us off, when they say Floridians sent you to Washington to do a job, when they say you act like you hate your job, do you?
 Well, do you hate your job?
 Is that the standard?
 Senator, thank you. John.
 Thirty seconds.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Hold on. I think there's a  I've got question for 
 Hold on, Governor. I've got a question for Governor Bush.
 No, we're moving to Governor Bush. Governor, the fact that you're at the fifth lectern tonight shows how far your stock has fallen in this race, despite the big investment your donors have made.You noted recently, after slashing your payroll, that you had better things to do than sit around and be demonized by other people. I wanted to ask you 
 OK.
 Got it.
 But it's a  OK. It's a  it's a question about why you're having difficulty. I want to ask you in this context.Ben Bernanke, who was appointed Fed chairman by your brother, recently wrote a book in which he said he no longer considers himself a Republican because the Republican Party has given in to know- nothingism. Is that why you're having a difficult time in this race?
 Thank you, Governor.
 We're gonna get down the line. Becky's got a question.
 We'll get to everyone.Ms. Fiorina, I  I'd like to ask you a question. You are running for president of the United States because of your record running Hewlett-Packard. But the stock market is usually a fair indicator of the performance of a CEO, and the market was not kind to you.Someone who invested a dollar in your company the day you took office had lost half of the dollar by the day you left. Obviously, you've talked in the past about what a difficult time it was for technology companies, but anybody who was following the market knows that your stock was a much worse performer, if you looked at your competitors, if you looked at the overall market.I just wonder, in terms of all of that  you know, we look back, your board fired you. I just wondered why you think we should hire you now.
 Mrs. Fiorina, it's interesting that you bring up Mr. Perkins, because...  ...he said a lot of very questionable things. Last year, in an interview, he said that he thinks wealthy people should get more votes than poor people.I think his quote was that, "if you pay zero dollars in taxes, you should get zero votes. If you pay a million dollars, you should get a million votes." Is this the type of person you want defending you?
 Mrs. Fiorina.
 Thank you, we're out of time. Thank you, Mrs. Fiorina.Carl.
 Senator Cruz. Congressional Republicans, Democrats and the White House are about to strike a compromise that would raise the debt limit, prevent a government shutdown and calm financial markets that fear of  another Washington-created crisis is on the way.Does your opposition to it show that you're not the kind of problem-solver American voters want?
  do we get credit ?
 So, this is a question about , which you have 30 seconds left to answer, should you choose to do so.
 OK.  I asked you about the debt limit and I got no answer.
 Senator Paul, I've got a question for you on the same subject.
 Senator Paul?
 You used your time on something else.Senator Paul?
 Senator Paul, the budget deal crafted by Speaker Boehner and passed by the House today makes cuts in entitlement programs, Medicare and Social Security disability, which are the very programs conservatives say need cutting to shrink government and solve our country's long-term budget deficit. Do you oppose that budget deal because it doesn't cut those programs enough?
 Senator, if what you just said is true, why did Speaker Boehner craft this deal and why did Paul Ryan, who has a strong reputation for fiscal discipline, vote for it?
 Thank you, Senator .
 Governor Christie, I'd like to  a question next. Actually, I have a question for you .In your tell it like it is campaign, you've said a lot of tough things. You've said that we need to raise the retirement age for Social Security. You think that we need to cut benefits for people who make over $80,000 and eliminate them entirely for seniors who are making over $200,000.Governor Huckabee, who is here on the stage, has said that you and others who think this way are trying to rob seniors of the benefits that they've earned. It raises the question When it is acceptable to break a social compact?
 ...Governor...
 ...Thank you.
 We promised we would get to everyone this block. Governor Huckabee, I'm going to give you 60 seconds on this.
 ...Governor...
 ...Thank you, Governor...
 ...Senator Cruz...
 OK, alright.
 Senator Cruz...
 ...Before we go to break, we're clearly not having that beer you mentioned, but I'll give you 30 more seconds...
 OK.
 I'll give you 30 seconds to respond...[cheering]
 Respond on the debt limit, or an answer to the governor, which ever you choose.
 30 seconds, Governor Huckabee.
 Governor, thank you. We will take a break. The Republican Presidential debate, live from Boulder, Colorado, coming back after a break on CNBC.
 Welcome back to the presidential debate for the Republicans. We are live in Boulder, Colorado, right here on CNBC.Folks, we'll get right back into this.Mr. Trump, let's talk a little bit about bankruptcies. Your Atlantic City casinos filed for bankruptcy four times. In fact, Fitch, the ratings agency, even said that they were serial filers for all of this. You said that you did great with Atlantic City, and you did. But some of the individuals  the bondholders, some of the contractors who worked for you, didn't fare so well.Bankruptcy is a broken promise. Why should the voters believe the promises that you're telling them right now?
 Mr. Trump, thank you.
 Jim, thanks.Governor Bush, in a debate like this four years ago, every Republican running for president pledged to oppose a budget deal containing any tax increase even if it had spending cuts ten times as large.A few months later, you told Congress, put me in, coach, you said you would take that deal. Still feel that way?
 But to  to the point that you made to Congress, if you were president and you were offered a bipartisan deal that had one dollar...
 ...one dollar of tax increases per ten dollars of spending cuts, would you take it?
 So you don't want the coach to put you in any more?
 Thank you, governor.Carl?
 Mrs. Fiorina, in 2010, while running for Senate in Tech Ridge (ph), California, you called an Internet sales tax a bad idea. Traditional brick and mortar stores obviously disagree. Now that the Internet shopping playing field has matured, what would be a fair plan to even that playing field?
 Mrs. Fiorina.
 OK.
 Thank you very much.
 Senator Rubio, you yourself have said that you've had issues. You have a lack of bookkeeping skills. You accidentally inter-mingled campaign money with your personal money. You faced (ph) foreclosure on a second home that you bought. And just last year, you liquidated a $68,000 retirement fund. That's something that cost you thousands of dollars in taxes and penalties.In terms of all of that, it raises the question whether you have the maturity and wisdom to lead this $17 trillion economy. What do you say?
 Senator, I understand all of that. I had a lot of student loans when I got out, too. But you've had a windfall that a lot of Americans haven't. You made over a million dollars on a book deal, and some of these problems came after that.
 But you  but you liquidated that retirement account after the fact, and that cost you about $24,000 out of that in taxes and feed. That  that was after you'd already come into that windfall. That's why I raised the question.
 Governor John Kasich, you've called for abolishing the Export Import Bank, which provides subsidies to help American companies compete with overseas competitors. You call that corporate welfare.One of the largest newspapers in your state wrote an editorial, said they found that strange, writing, that if that's corporate welfare, what does Kasich call the millions of dollars in financial incentives doled out to attract or retain jobs by his development effort  jobs Ohio.If subsidies are good enough for Ohio companies, why aren't they good enough for companies trying to compete overseas?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor. Thank you.
 Yes, thank you John.Senator Cruz, working women in this country still earn just 77 percent of what men earn. And I know that you've said you've been very sympathetic to our cause. But you've also you said that the Democrats' moves to try and change this are the political show votes.I just wonder what you would do as President to try and help in this cause?
 Mrs. Fiorina 
 Mrs. Fiorina, we will come back to you.
 Thank you, Mrs. Fiorina. Carl?
 Dr. Carson, we know you as a physician, but we wanted to ask you about your involvement on some corporate boards, including Costco's. Last year, a marketing study called the warehouse retailer the number one gay-friendly brand in America, partly because of its domestic partner benefits.Why would you serve on a company whose policies seem to run counter to your views on homosexuality?
 One more question. This is a company called Mannatech, a maker of nutritional supplements, with which you had a 10-year relationship. They offered claims that they could cure autism, cancer, they paid $7 million to settle a deceptive marketing lawsuit in Texas, and yet you're involvement continued. Why?
 To be fair, you were on the homepage of their website with the logo over your shoulder 
 Does that not speak to your vetting process or judgment in any way.
 Apparently. We will take a break. We'll be back in Boulder in just a minute.
 Welcome back to the Republican presidential debate on CNBC, live from Boulder, Colorado at the University of Colorado.Senator Huckabee, I mean  excuse me  Senator Rubio, Wired magazine recently carried the headline, "Marco Rubio wants to be the tech industry's savior." It noted your support for dramatically increasing immigration visas called H1B, which are designed for workers with the special skills that Silicon Valley wants.But your Senate colleague, Jeff Sessions of Alabama, says in reality, the tech industry uses this program to undercut hiring and wages for highly qualified Americans. Why is he wrong?
 It sounds like you think Senator Sessions is wrong to believe there is enough abuse in that program that we shouldn't...
 Thank you, Senator.Becky?
 Mr. Trump, let's stay on this issue of immigration. You have been very critical of Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook who has wanted to increase the number of these H1Bs.
 So you're in favor of...
 Where did I read this and come up with this that you were...
 You know, Mr.  you know, Mr. Trump, if I may . You've been  you have been  you had talked a little bit about Marco Rubio. I think you called him Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator because he was in favor of the H1B.
 So this was an erroneous article the whole way around?
 My apologies. I'm sorry.
 Yes, you can.
 Senator Rubio, thank you very much.I would like to introduce my colleague, Rick Santelli, he has some comments as well, sir.
 Senator Cruz, let's focus on our central bank, the Federal Reserve. You've been a fierce critic of the Fed, arguing for more transparency. Where do you want to take that?Do you want to get Congress involved in monetary policy, or is it time to slap the Fed back and downsize them completely? What are your thoughts? What do you believe?
 Senator Paul, the same question to you.
 Thank you, Senator.Dr. Carson, you told The Des Moines Register that you don't like government subsidies, it interferes with the free market. But you've also said that you're in favor of taking oil subsidies and putting them towards ethanol processing.Isn't that just swapping one subsidy for another, Doctor?
 Thank you, Doctor.Becky?
 Rick, thank you very much.Governor Huckabee, you have railed against income inequality. You've said that some Wall Street executives should have gone to jail over the roles that they played during the financial crisis.Apart from your tax plan, are there specific steps you would require from corporate America to try and reduce the income inequality.
 Governor?
 Governor?
 Thank you.
 All right, Governor Huckabee.
 How about 15 more seconds?
 Governor?
 Governor, I'm sorry...
 Governor, thank you.
 Governor, thank you. Appreciate it.John?
 Governor Bush, the tax reform bill that Ronald Reagan signed in 1986 cut the top personal income tax rate to 28 percent  just like your plan does. But President Reagan taxed capital gains at the same rate, while you would tax them at just 20 percent.Given the problems we've been discussing, growing gap between rich and poor, why would you tax labor at a higher rate than income from investments?
 Senator Rubio, 30 seconds to you.The Tax Foundation, which was alluded to earlier, scored your tax plan and concluded that you give nearly twice as much of a gain in after-tax income to the top 1 percent as to people in the middle of the income scale.Since you're the champion of Americans living paycheck-to- paycheck, don't you have that backward?
 The Tax Foundation  just to be clear, they said the...
 No, I did not.
 Senator, the Tax Foundation said after-tax income for the top 1 percent under your plan would go up 27.9 percent.
 And people in the middle of the income spectrum, about 15 percent.

 Senator, thank you.
 ...We'll come back around. I want to get to governor Kasich.
 It's at the moderator discretion.
 Governor Kasich, let's talk ...
 ...about Marijuana, Governor Kasich...
 Alright, but 30 seconds, you made a case. Sure, 30 seconds.
 Senator, thank you.
 Oh, no, no, no...
 ...Ok...
 ...We're going to go to...
 OK. Thank you, Senator. Governor Kasich, let's talk about marijuana. We're broadcasting from Colorado which has seen $150 million in new revenue for the state since legalizing last year. Governor Hickenlooper is not a big fan of legalization, but he's said the people who used to be smoking it are still smoking it, they're just now paying taxes.Given the budget pressures in Ohio, and other states, is this a revenue stream you'd like to have?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you. We'll be back from Boulder, Colorado in just a moment.
 Welcome back to the University of Colorado and the Republican presidential debate right here on CNBC.Mr. Trump, I want to go back to an issue that we were talking about before, the H-1B visas. I found where I read that before. It was from the donaldjtrump.com website and it says  it says that again, Mark Zuckerburg's personal senator, Marco Rubio has a bill to triple H-1Bs that would decimate women and minorities. Are you in favor of H-1Bs or are you opposed to them?
 Thank you, sir.
 You were. You get 30 seconds.
 Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Senator.Carl?
 Mr. Trump, you've said you have a special permit to carry a gun in New York.
 After the Oregon mass shooting on October 1st, you said, "By the way, it was a gun-free zone. If you had a couple of teachers with guns, you would have been a hell of a lot better off."
 Would you feel more comfortable if your employees brought guns to work?
 Are you carrying one now? [laughter]
 We called a few Trump resorts, a few Trump properties that  that do not allow guns with or without a permit. Would you change those policies?
 OK. All right. Thank you.John?
 Governor Huckabee, you've written about the huge divide in values between middle America and the big coastal cities like New York and Los Angeles. As a preacher as well as a politician, you know that presidents need the moral authority to bring the entire country together.The leading Republican candidate, when you look at the average of national polls right now, is Donald Trump. When you look at him, do you see someone with the moral authority to unite the country?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.Don't forget my colleague, Sharon Epperson.
 Thank you, John.Mrs. Fiorina, you were the CEO of a large corporation that offers a 401(k) to its employees. But more than half of American have no access to an employer sponsored retirement plan.That includes the workers at small businesses, and the growing ranks of Uber drivers and other part-timers in the freelance economy.Should the Federal Government play a larger role in helping to set up retirement plans for these workers?
 So you wouldn't agree  you wouldn't agree with a start for 401(k) for businesses or anything like that?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, the rules say one minute.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina. We appreciate it. Thank you, thank you.I want to turn my attention now, to you now, Governor Kasich.Most people can't get a college degree without going into debt. Over 40 million Americans have student loans and many of them cannot pay them back.This country has over $100 billion in student loan defaults. That's billion with a b.What will you do to make sure that students, their families, taxpayers, won't feel the economic impact of this burden for generations?LOSERWell, first of all, in Ohio we're changing the whole system. Universities will not get paid one dime unless the student graduates or  graduates or completes a course.Secondly, you can be in high school and complete almost an entire first year before you go to college and get credit to do that. And, of course, in addition to that, we are working now to go after the cost drivers in our universities. And let me give you an example. Universities today have so many non-academic assets. At Ohio State they sold the parking garage and the parking lot, and they got $500 million because they shouldn't be in the parking lot business. They shouldn't be in the ding business, they shouldn't be in the dorm business.And, of course, we need to take advantage of on-line education to reduce these costs and begin to dis-intermediate the cost of four years.Now, for those who that have these big high costs, I think we can seriously look at an idea of where you can do public service. I mean legitimate, public service and begin to pay off some of that debt through the public service that you do. And in the meantime, it may inspire us to care more about our country, more about ourselves.This is a big moral issue in America. Living a life bigger than yourself, and being a center of healing and justice. And people can learn it through public service.
 Thank you, thank you.
 Higher education is the example...
 Governor Bush, daily fantasy sports has become a phenomenon in this country, will award billions of dollars in prize money this year. But to play you have to assess your odds, put money at risk, wait for an outcome that's out of your control. Isn't that the definition of gambling, and should the Federal Government treat it as such?
 I had a feeling you were going to brag about that.
 I want to go back, if I can, to the issue of...
 I want to go back, if I may, to the...
 Governor Christie, you've said something that many in your party do not believe, which is that climate change is undeniable, that human activity contributes to it, and you said, quote "The question is, what do we do to deal with it?".So what do we do?
 What should we do?
 You mean government?
 Thank you, Governor.Becky.
 Senator Paul, among the leading conservative opponents to the creation of Medicare back in the 1960s was Ronald Reagan. He warned that it would lead to socialism. Considering the mounting cost of Medicare, was he right to oppose it?
 Senator, thank you.[UNIDENTIFIED] Becky, may I...
 This is the well, we're going to take a break. We want to save time for closing statements after the break.So this is the Republican presidential debate in Boulder, and we'll be right back.
 Welcome back to Boulder, Colorado and the Republican presidential debate right here on CNBC.Governor Huckabee, you wanted to respond to the points that Senator Rand Paul was just making when it comes to Social Security. Your time, sir.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Governor Bush, Mr. Trump says that he is capable of growing the economy so much that Social Security and Medicare don't have to be touched. Do you want to explain how that is going to happen, Mr. Trump?
 Governor.
 Governor, thank you.Senator Paul, let's go back to you. Do these solutions sound like they work?
 Do these solutions sound like they would work?
 Hold on, Governor. I've got a question for  for Dr. Carson.
 Yes. You've said that you would like to replace Medicare with a system of individual family savings accounts, so that families could cover their own expenses.Obviously, that would be a very controversial idea. Explain how that would work, exactly.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.Governor?
 Senator Rubio...
 Governor, do you also think that...
 ...yeah, I just wanted .
 ...that Dr. Carson's right, that we can replace Medicare with individual savings accounts?
 I want to give you 30 seconds here.
 Mrs. Fiorina, we're right at the end of our time.
 You all wanted us to limit .All right. Go ahead.
 We have now reached the point in the program where candidates are going to give their closing statements, 30 seconds apiece. We're going to go right to left and start with you, Senator Paul.
 Governor Christie?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Cruz?
 Thank you, Senator.Mrs. Fiorina?
 Thank you, Mrs. Fiorina.Dr. Carson?
 Mr. Trump?
 Just for the record, the debate was always going to be two hours. Senator Rubio?
 Senator Rubio.
 Thank you, Senator. Governor Bush?
 Thank you, Governor. Governor Huckabee.
 Thank you...
 Governor Kasich?
 Thank you, Governor.
 That concludes tonight's debate. On behalf of my colleagues Becky Quick, John Harwood, Sharon Epperson, Rick Santelli and Jim Cramer, we'd like to our host, the University of Colorado at Boulder, the Republican National Committee, the candidates and, of course, tonight's audience.PARTICIPANTSFormer Governor Jeb Bush (FL);Ben Carson;Governor Chris Christie (NJ);Senator Ted Cruz (TX);Carly Fiorina;Former Governor Mike Huckabee (AR);Governor John Kasich (OH);Senator Rand Paul (KY);Senator Marco Rubio (FL);Donald Trump;Governor Scott Walker (WI);MODERATORSJake Tapper (CNN);Dana Bash (CNN); andHugh Hewitt (Salem Radio Network)
 I'm Jake Tapper. We're live at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley, California for the main event. Round 2 of CNN's presidential debate starts now.The eleven leading Republican candidates for president are at their podiums. They are ready to face off, and if you've been watching this race, you know anything could happen over the next few hours.To viewers who are just joining us, welcome to the Air Force One Pavilion of the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. Our thanks to the staff here and especially to former first lady Nancy Reagan for this impressive setting with Ronald Reagan's presidential plane as our backdrop.This debate is airing on CNN networks in the United States and around the world. It's also being broadcast on the Salem Radio Network. I know everyone is very eager to get started.But first, I want to explain the ground rules tonight. My name is Jake Tapper. I'll be the moderator. I will be joined in the questioning by Salem Radio Network talk show host Hugh Hewitt. He worked in the Reagan administration for six years. And by CNN's chief political correspondent Dana Bash.I will ask follow-up questions, I will attempt to guide the discussion. Candidates, I will try to make sure each of you gets your fair share of questions. You'll have one minute to answer and 30 seconds for follow-ups and rebuttals. I'll give you time to respond if you've been singled out for criticism.Our viewers should know we have timing lights that are visible to the candidates to warn them when their time is up. These 11 Republicans are positioned on the stage based on their ranking in recent national polls.Our goal for this evening is a debate. A true debate, with candidates addressing each other in areas where they differ. Where they disagree  on policy, on politics, on leadership. Now, let's begin.I'd like to invite each candidate to take 30 seconds to introduce him or herself to our audience. First to you, Senator Paul.
 Senator Cruz?
 Thank you one and all for being here. There are many important policy issues facing our nation. We're going to get to many of them tonight, but I do want to start off with some current events in the news, and also some of the comments the candidates have recently made on the campaign trail.Mrs. Fiorina, I want to start with you. Fellow Republican candidate, and Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, has suggested that your party's frontrunner, Mr. Donald Trump, would be dangerous as President. He said he wouldn't want, quote, "such a hot head with his finger on the nuclear codes."You, as well, have raised concerns about Mr. Trump's temperament.You've dismissed him as an entertainer. Would you feel comfortable with Donald trump's finger on the nuclear codes?
 You didn't answer my question. Would you feel comfortable with Donald Trump's finger on the nuclear codes? It's an issue that one of your fellow candidates has raised.
 Mr. Trump?
 Mr.  Senator Paul, your name has been invoked.
 Mr. Trump?
 I want to  I want to give Mr. Trump...
 ... Mr. Trump, I want to give you another chance  Mr. Trump, I want to give you a chance to respond to something that your rival to your left, Governor Bush, said.Governor Bush told me last week when I read him the quote from Governor Jindal that he agrees you're not a serious candidate.Tell Governor Bush why you are a serious candidate and what your qualifications are to be commander-in-chief.
 Governor Bush, would you feel comfortable with Donald Trump's finger on the nuclear codes?
 Governor Walker?
 Let's move on.
 A phenomenon going on in the race right now is the political...OK, Governor Kasich, go ahead.
 We have a lot of issues coming up, sir.
 We are getting to the issues, sir.Phenomenon going on in the race is the political outsiders in the race, Dr. Carson, Donald Trump, Carly Fiorina, all together, have majority support in the polls.Governor Christie, I want to ask you about something that Dr. Carson said the other day.Dr. Carson said campaigning is easier for him, because he's not a politician. He can just tell the truth, therefore, while politicians, quote, "Have their finger in the air to see and do what is politically expedient."Governor Christie, tell Dr. Carson, is that a fair description of you?
 Well, let's find out. Thank you.
 Thank you, Governor Christie.Dr. Carson, who were you thinking about on this stage when you said that?
 And more broadly, is experience in government not important for a president to have?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you Ms. Fiorina.Governor Bush, in addition to the fact that he's an outsider, one of the reasons Mr. Trump is a frontrunner, Republican voters say, is because they like the fact that he is not bought and paid for by wealthy donors. Mr. Trump has repeatedly said that the $100 million you've raised for your campaign makes you a puppet for your donors. Are you?
 Is there anything else you want to say about this?
 Governor 
 Sure Dr. Carson.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. Let's move to Russia if we could.Russia is sending troops and tanks into Syria right now to prop up a U.S. enemy, Bashar al-Assad. President Obama's incoming top general says, quote, "Russia presents the greatest threat to our national security."Mr. Trump, you say you can do business with President Vladimir Putin, you say you will get along, quote, "very well." What would you do right now if you were president, to get the Russians out of Syria?
 So, you  just to clarify, the only answer I heard to the question I asked is that you would  you would reach out to Vladimir Putin, and you would do what? You would...
 Senator Rubio, you've taken a very different approach to the  the question of Russia. You've called Vladimir Putin a, quote, "gangster."Why would President Rubio's approach be more effective than President Trump's?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio.
 I want to bring in Carly Fiorina.
 Ms. Fiorina, you have met...
 ...yeah, you've met Vladimir Putin. Yes.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.While you're  while you brought up the subject of General Suleimani of the Quds forces from Iran, the next president, no matter who he or she may be, will inherit President Obama's Iran deal.Senator Cruz, Governor Kasich says that anyone who is promising to rip up the Iran deal on day one, as you have promised to do, is, quote, "inexperienced," and, quote, "playing to a crowd." Respond to Governor Kasich, please.
 Why is that not, as Governor Kasich says, playing to the crowd and an example of you being inexperienced?
 Governor Kasich...
 ...Did Senator Cruz just play to the crowd?
 ...Thank you, Governor. I want to go to Senator Paul.WINNER(?) ...Slow (ph) and steady,  chicken...
 I want to go to Senator Paul. Senator Paul, the White House is rolling out the red carpet next week for the President of China, President Xi. Governor Walker says that President Obama should cancel the state dinner because of China's currency manipulation, and because of China's alleged cyber attacks against the United States.Is Governor Walker right?
 Governor Walker, Senator Paul seemed to suggest...
 ...that canceling the state dinner would be rash, and reckless.
 ...Governor Bush...LOSER(?) ...Jake...
 Governor Bush, your father was the chief diplomatic envoy to China back when Nixon opened relations to China. Is Scott Walker's approach the right one, canceling the state dinner?
 I want to turn...
 ...I want to turn to Governor Huckabee who has been very patient. Somebody had to be 11th, and he is, but, I do want to change the subject to the event that you had...
 ... however you want, but I want to ask this question.
 All right, sir, go ahead.
 OK.(LOSER) Jake, I'd like to...
 We're going to turn now to Hugh Hewitt, from Salem Radio Network.
 Thank you, Jake.Mr. Trump, two years ago, President Obama drew a red line that the Syrian dictator Bashar Assad crossed, President Obama threatened to strike. He did not, his knees buckled.We now have 4 million refugees, Syria is a living hell, and he turned to the Congress for the authority to back him up. You have three senators to your right that said, no. Do they bear responsibility for this refugee crisis, and what would you have done when Bashar Assad crossed the line?
 How much responsibility, Mr. Trump, do the senators hold?
 Senator Rubio...
 Senator Paul?
 Thank you, Senator Paul.I want to turn now to my colleague Dana Bash.
 That would be fair, you're right. You're the third senator.
 We're going to go to Dana Bash...
 Senator Cruz?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator. I want to...
 ... turn back to Governor Huckabee...
 I want to turn back to Governor Huckabee.Governor Huckabee, last week, you held a rally for a county clerk in Kentucky who was jailed for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, as I don't need to tell you.You've called what happened to Kim Davis, that clerk, "an example of the criminalization of Christianity." There are several people on the stage who disagree with you.Governor Bush, for example, says that that clerk is sworn to uphold the law. Is Governor Bush on the wrong side of the criminalization of Christianity?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Well, I'm not telling you that, Governor. But Governor Bush is, because he  because he disagrees. He thinks that Kim Davis swore to uphold the law.You disagree? You're not  you don't...
 OK. Please do.
 You did...
 Governor, you said, quote, "she is sworn to uphold the law."
 Let me go to my colleague Dana Bash, who has a question.
 Governor Kasich, Senator Cruz is so committed to stripping federal funds from Planned Parenthood that it could result in shutting down the federal government in just about two weeks. Do you agree with Senator Cruz's tactic?
 Thank you.
 Thank you.Senator Cruz, I would just add that, on this stage not that long ago, Senator Graham said that this tactic that you're pushing would tank the Republicans' ability to win in 2016.
 Thank you, senator.
 Thank you...
 Governor  governor, I want to go to you. Is it what Senator Cruz says, a surrender by Republicans?
 But...
 But is it...
 But, governor, the  but, governor, the reality is, in just two weeks' time...  ...we are going to be facing a question about whether or not it's enough to shut down the government to make that statement, because there is still a Democrat in the White House. Do you oppose it or support it?
 Yes or no, do you support this shutdown?
 We're talking about Planned Parenthood right now.
 Can you answer yes or no?
 One more time. I'm sorry, I just want to get the answer.
 So you would support a shutdown.
 Dana, I want to continue on the subject.Governor Bush, you recently said while discussing Planned Parenthood, quote, you're "not sure we need a half billion for women's health issues." Now you've since said that you misspoke, you didn't mean to say "women's health issues."But Donald Trump said that quote, that comment, which Hillary Clinton did seize upon immediately, will haunt you the same way Mitt Romney's 47 percent video haunted him.Tell Donald Trump why he's wrong.
 Thank you, Governor Bush.Donald Trump, let me just...
 The quote was, "I'm not sure we need half a billion dollars for women's health issues." He said he misspoke. You said that that's going to haunt him. Why do you think that?
 Governor Bush?
 I want to  we're going to get to 
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.
 We're going to  we're going to get to many of these issues. This  we're still in the first block, believe it or not. We're going to get to many of these issues, but before we end this block, Ms. Fiorina, I do want to ask you about this.In an interview last week in Rolling Stone magazine, Donald Trump said the following about you. Quote, "Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?" Mr. Trump later said he was talking about your persona, not your appearance. Please feel free to respond what you think about his persona. [laughter]
 All right. On that note, in less than two minutes  we're going to take a very quick break. In less than two minutes, the most contentious issue on the campaign trail. And the candidates on the stage are split over how to handle it. That's coming up next.Please give some applause to the candidates.
 Welcome to CNN's Republican Presidential Debate. No topic perhaps has been more combustible in this campaign than the issue of immigration.Mr. Trump, you have called for deporting every undocumented immigrant, Governor Christie has said, quote, "There are not enough law enforcement officers  local, county, state and federal combined  to forcibly deport 11 to 12 million people."Tell Governor Christie how much your plan will cost, and how you will get it done.
 Governor Christie, you and I have talked about this in an interview. You say that his big wall, his plan to deport 11 to 12 million undocumented immigrants, it sounds great, but it's never going to happen.Tell him why you're skeptical of his plans?
 Thank you, Governor Christie...
 I want to bring in Dr. Carson because he too has been skeptical of your plan to immediately deport 11 to 12 million illegal immigrants. He said, quote, "People who say that have no idea what this entails."Why do you say that, Dr. Carson?
 ...Dr. Carson...
 With all due respect, you said about Donald Trump's plan to deport 11 to 12 million undocumented immigrants, "People who say that have no idea what this entails."Why not?
 ...let's continue the conversation about illegal immigration with Dana Bash.
 Governor Bush, Mr. Trump has suggested that your views on immigration are influenced by your Mexican born wife. He said that, quote, "If my wife were from Mexico, I think I would have a soft spot for people from Mexico." Did Mr. Trump go to far in invoking your wife?
 Mr. Trump?
 Mr. Trump...
 Go ahead.
 Ms. Fiorina  Ms. Fiorina, we're going to come to you, we're going to come to you.I just want to give Governor Bush a chance to respond to what Mr. Trump said.
 OK, on that note, you have criticized Governor Bush for speaking Spanish on the campaign trail. You said, quote, "He should really set an example by speaking English in the United States."What's wrong with speaking Spanish?
 Thank you, Senator Rubio.Senator Cruz  Senator Cruz, this week, we learned more about Dr. Carson's plan for the 11 million to 12 million undocumented immigrants in this country.Dr. Carson proposed giving these undocumented immigrants a six- month grace period to pay back taxes then to let them become guest workers and only to deport people who failed to do that.
 Well, how would you say it, sir? I was just reading the Wall Street Journal quote, but please tell us.
 OK, from the horse's mouth, Senator Cruz, does that fit your definition of amnesty?
 Thank you, Senator.Senator Rubio...
 ... I'm not sure...
 We'll come back to you  we'll come back to you in one second, sir.But Senator Rubio, I'm not sure exactly whose plan he's  he's saying is  constitutes amnesty, but I know he has said it about your plan in the past, so I want to give you a chance to respond, then, Dr. Carson, we'll come to you.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.Senator  Dr. Carson...  ... I want to give you 30 seconds. I'd like you to answer the question.Senator Cruz describes plans such as yours as amnesty. Why is your plan not amnesty?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson. I want to talk about the issue of birthright citizenship, which  which has emerged since the first debate as  as an a  a major issue in this campaign.Mr. Trump, you say that babies born in the United States to undocumented immigrants should not any longer get automatic American citizenship. Ms. Fiorina says that you are pandering on this issue and acting like the politicians that you rail against. What's your message to Ms. Fiorina on birthright citizenship?
 Ms. Fiorina, the vast majority of countries do not have birthright citizenship...  ...Donald Trump is right about that. Why is it pandering when he's  he says this?
 Ms. Fiorina...
 Please.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina. Mr. Trump, I want to give you the chance to respond...
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Paul...
 Senator Paul, I want to bring you in. Where  where do you stand on the issue of birthright citizenship?
 All right. Senator Paul, thank you so much. Let's turn to a new topic. We've received a lot of questions on social media about the economy and about jobs. We have two CEOs on stage right now.Ms. Fiorina, you were CEO of Hewlett Packard. Donald Trump says you, quote, "ran HP into the ground," you laid off tens of thousands of people, you got viciously fired.For voters looking to somebody with private-sector experience to create American jobs, why should they pick you and not Donald Trump?
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.
 Mr. Trump  Mr. Trump, why would you be better at creating jobs than Carly Fiorina?
 Ms. Fiorina, I want to give you a chance to respond.
 Mr. Trump.
 Thank you, Mr. Trump.
 Governor Christie's name has been invoked. I'd like to give him a 30 second opportunity.
 Ms. Fiorina, I want to give you
 Governor Kasich, I'm coming to you next, but Ms. Fiorina's name was mentioned, and I have to give her the opportunity to respond if she wants it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.Governor Kasich, I want to come  I'm coming to you. I'm coming to you. Let me ask the question. You can use the time however you want.
 Donald Trump says that the hedge fund guys are getting away with murder by paying a lower tax rate. He wants to raise the taxes of hedge fund managers, as does Governor Bush. Do you agree?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor Kasich.
 Governor Huckabee, I want to bring you in on the question of hedge fund managers and taxing them. You have said that you are bothered by the fact that hedge fund managers pay such a low tax rate and make 2,500 times what people who work for them make.Do you agree with what Donald Trump and Governor Bush have proposed, raising their tax rates?
 Thank you, Governor.Dr. Carson, you support scrapping the entire tax code and replacing it with a flat tax based on the principal on tithing from the Bible. If you make $10 billion, you pay $1 billion in taxes, if you make $10, you pay $1 in taxes.Donald Trump believes in progressive taxation. He says it's not right that rich people pay the same as the poor. Tell Donald Trump why his ideas on taxes are wrong.
 Mr. Trump...
 ...What do you think of the flat tax? Do you think it's fair?
 Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Paul?
 Governor Walker, I want to go to you. Dr. Carson wants to raise the Federal Minimum Wage, you have called it a lame idea. Why is raising the Federal Minimum Wage lame?
 ...Thank you, Governor...
 ...Thank you, Governor...
 Dr. Carson, Governor Walker didn't really answer the question, but I'll let you respond. He called raising the Federal Minimum Wage lame, what do you think of that?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson...
 Let me bring in our partner from Salem Radio Network, Hugh Hewitt.
 I'd like to talk about winning because I think all of you are more qualified than former Secretary of State Clinton, and as were the people in the first debate, but there are different styles, and Carly Fiorina, Governor Kasich, you're conveniently located next to each other, and you have different styles.Governor Kasich, you've been on my show a lot. You refused to attack Hillary Clinton, you just don't want to go there, you want to do the up with people. Go, Ohio, OK, and I like that.Carly Fiorina, I don't have to bring up the Secretary of State  you bring her up, so .Which one of you is wrong? Governor Kasich?
 Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Carly Fiorina, your style?
 Thank you, Ms. Fiorina.Governor Christie, your name was mentioned. I want to give you a chance to respond.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor Christie. There is a lot more coming up.Ahead, a world of trouble. The challenges that one of these candidates may face in the Oval Office, and how he or she will handle it.Stay with us.
 Welcome back to CNN's Republican Presidential Debate. Let's turn to some issues now in foreign policy.Mr. Trump, Senator Rubio said it was, quote, "very concerning to him" that in a recent interview you didn't seem to know the details about some of the enemies the U.S. faces. Rubio said, if you don't know the answers to those questions, you will not be able to serve as commander-in-chief.Please respond to Senator Rubio.
 Oh, you're the best interview in America.
 ... makes an interesting case (ph) here (ph).
 Senator Rubio?
 Mr. Trump? Senator Rubio seemed to be suggesting that you don't know information that...
 All right. Senator Rubio.
 But are you saying that you have the knowledge to be the president that Mr. Trump does not have?
 Mr. Trump?
 Senator Rubio, he did invoke your absentee record in the Senate.
 Thank you, Senator Rubio. I want to turn now to Hugh Hewitt.
 Thank you, Jake. I've done a lot of great interviews with all of you, but, Governor Bush, I talked to you in February about the biggest elephant in a room full of elephants, which is your last name. And you said you would not be burdened either by your brother or your father's legacy in the Middle East.And then, a week later, you rolled out your list of foreign policy advisers, and it was a lot of the band getting back together again. So on behalf of the military that is watching...
 ...OK, the active duty military that are at the end of the sphere (ph), what kind of a commander in chief is Jeb Bush going to be, and who are the advisers that are new to your team?
 Mr.  Mr. Trump.
 I want to ask you a question, though, you promised us great leaders. And I believe that. But Jeb Bush has laid out 20 different people that have experience around the world. There are 190 countries, you can't run the world by yourself.When are we going to get some names on your military and your foreign policy advisers?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Senator...
 Senator Paul?
 Senator Paul...
 Thank you, Senator Paul...
 Thank you, Senator Paul...
 I understand that Governor Bush's name has been invoked, and then we can go to you, Senator Rubio.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Rubio?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Dr. Carson?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 I mean, it is interesting that you say that, because I want to ask Governor Christie about something else that you have said.Governor Christie, we just marked the 14th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. Now Dr. Carson has said that if he had been president at the time, the United States would not have gone to war in Afghanistan. What does that say to you about how Dr. Carson would respond as president if America were attacked again?
 Dr. Carson?
 ... Governor Christie.
 Dr. Carson?
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 Thank you, Dr. Carson.
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Huckabee.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, governor, I want to turn to ISIS. Governor Walker...
 Governor Walker, there is a big debate now, we have been talking about ISIS here and there in this discussion, there a big debate right now about whether or not to send more U.S. troops to fight ISIS in Iraq and Syria.In the first debate earlier this evening, Senator Lindsey Graham argued that candidates are only serious about fighting ISIS if they're willing to send 10,000 U.S. troops to Iraq, 10,000 U.S. troops as part of a coalition to Syria.Governor Walker, you say, you just told me a few days ago that the 3,000 U.S. troops there right now are enough, as long as the rules of engagement are changed.What do you know that Senator Graham doesn't know?
 Thank you, Governor.Senator Paul, I want to go to you, because you have said that the boots on the ground to fight ISIS need to be Arab boots. We just learned today that despite the Obama administration spending $500 million to help create those Arab boots, there are only four or five U.S. trained fighters in Syria fighting ISIS.What does that say to you about the effectiveness of the idea of the boots on the ground need to be Arab boots?
 Thank you, Senator.We're going to turn to some domestic issues now. I want to bring in my colleague, Dana Bash.
 Thank you.
 Sure....
 ...Thank you, Governor...
 ...Thank you, Governor. Dana Bash...
 Thank you, Mrs. Fiorina...
 ...Thank you....
 ...Thank you, we're going to turn now to domestic issues with Dana Bash.
 ...Dana Bash...
 Thank you.Dana Bash?
 Governor Bush, let's talk about the issue that's very important to Republican voters, and that's the Supreme Court. After Chief Justice John Roberts voted to uphold Obamacare twice, Senator Cruz criticized your brother for appointing John Roberts to the Supreme Court.Looking back on it, did your brother make a mistake?
 ...Is John Roberts one of those people?
 Do you like what you just heard, Senator Cruz?
 Thank you, Senator.
 ...Governor Bush...
 ...I want to let you respond.
 Thank you, Governor......And, that's what we should do, and I hope I'll be working members of the United States Senate to fight hard for the passage of people that have that kind of qualification.
 Senator Cruz, 30 seconds.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Semator.
 Thank you, Senator.Governor Huckabee, I want to bring you in very quickly if you could. Will you have a litmus test when it comes to appointing Supreme Court nominees?
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor.
 Thank you, Governor. We're going to take a quick break. Coming up, one of the hottest questions that you have been asking us via social media. We will pose it to the candidates. That's coming up right after this.
 Welcome back to CNN's Republican presidential debate at the Reagan Library here in Simi Valley  Simi Valley, California.Many people on social media wanted us to ask about marijuana legalization. Senator Paul, Governor Christie recently said, quote, "if you're getting high in Colorado today," where marijuana has been legalized, "enjoy it until January 2017, because I will enforce the federal laws against marijuana." Will you?
 I want to give that  I want to give the person that you called a hypocrite an opportunity to respond. Do you want to identify that person?
 Is there somebody you were specifically thinking of?
 That's what I though, but I wanted  to say it.
 OK.
 Governor Bush, please.
 I want to go right now  I want to go right now...
 That's true. Go ahead, Christie, please.
 You may respond, and then I'll bring in you, Ms. Fiorina.
 Yes, Senator Paul.
 I want to bring in Ms. Fiorina  I want to bring in Ms. Fiorina on this issue.
 Hugh  Hugh, I'd like to...
 Thank you, Jake.Tomorrow is  Republicans know this  tomorrow is Constitution Day. We've been talking about the 10th Amendment. Let's talk about the Second Amendment.Governor Bush, one of the things the Supreme Court has gotten right is that it's an individual right and it's protected for individuals to hold it.Last week, you said the next step in gun issues is to make sure they're not in the hands of mentally ill. In this state, there's a controversial law that allows guns to be taken away from people without a hearing.Where does it go  and the problem of violence is endemic, but where does it go from what you said last week, how far into people's lives to take guns away from them?
 If a family member calls and says, "My child, my brother, my sister is disturbed," ought the state be able to go and get their weapon without a hearing?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Senator Cruz, I want to go to you.Your constitutional litigant (ph), are you afraid of the next- step theory of what happens to Second Amendment rights?
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, Senator.
 Thank you, senator.
 I'd like to turn it over  I'd like to turn to Dana Bush.
 Mr. Trump, you have said once or twice that you are really rich, and you are by far the richest person on this stage.Chris Christie says billionaires like you and even people who make and earn far less should no longer get Social Security, or at least there should be limits based on  on their income.You think he's wrong, and if so, why?
 What about the country as a  as a policy?
 So is a voluntary program the way to get the Social Security system solvent again like that.
 Thank you, Governor.
 I'm coming to you right now on a separate issue, sir. We received...(LOSER) Well, I want to talk about this issue for a moment.
 We received a lot of questions from social media about climate change.Senator Rubio, Ronald Reagan's secretary of state, George Shultz, reminds us that when Reagan was president he faced a similar situation to the one that we're facing now. There were dire warnings from the mass consensus of the scientific community about the ozone layer shrinking.Shultz says Ronald Reagan urged skeptics in industry to come up with a plan. He said, do it as an insurance policy in case the scientists are right. The scientists were right. Reagan and his approach worked.Secretary Shultz asks, why not take out an insurance policy and approach climate change the Reagan way?
 I'm citing George Shultz.
 Governor Christie, you have said that climate change is real, and that humans help contribute to it. Without getting into the issue of China versus the United States, which I understand you've talked about before, what do you make of skeptics of climate change such as Senator Rubio?
 Just for the record, I was citing Secretary of State George Shultz, Ronald Reagan's secretary of state who I don't think anybody would call him left-wing.
 I called you a skeptic.
 I want to go another question right now.
 Thank you, Governor.
 I'm turning to...
 ...I'm turning to another  I'm turning to another issue right now. Senator Cruz. Well, I think we've heard from several this evening.A backlash against vaccines was blamed for a measles outbreak here in California. Dr. Carson, Donald Trump has publicly and repeatedly linked vaccines, childhood vaccines, to autism, which, as you know, the medical community adamantly disputes.You're a pediatric neurosurgeon. Should Mr. Trump stop saying this?
 Should he stop saying it? Should he stop saying that vaccines cause autism?
 Mr. Trump, as president, you would...
 I'm going right to you.
 Mr. Trump, as president, you would be in charge of the Centers for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health, both of which say you are wrong. How would you handle this as president?
 Thank you.
 Dr.  Dr. Carson?
 Dr. Carson, you just heard his medical take. [laughter]
 Dr. Paul? Dr. Paul, I'd like to bring you in.
 Alright, thank you so much...
 Coming up  I'm sorry, Governor Huckabee, please.
 Thank you, Governor.
 We have to take another quick break. Coming up, Ronald Reagan looming large over this debate. So how Reaganesque exactly are these Republicans? We will find out next.
 Welcome back to CNN's Republican Presidential Debate at the Reagan Library in Simi Valley, California. We have a few last questions for you. Two of them a little lighthearted, the other one more serious. We'll start with one of the more light questions. Senator Paul, I'm going to start with you and we're just going to go down the line.Earlier this year, the Treasury Department announced that a woman will appear on the $10 bill. What woman would you like to see on the $10 bill?
 Governor Huckabee?
 Senator Paul (sic).
 I'm sorry. Senator Rubio?
 Just the senators.
 Senator Cruz?
 Dr. Carson?
 Mr. Trump.
 Governor Bush.
 Governor Walker.
 Mrs. Fiorina.
 Governor Kasich.
 Governor Christie.
 Alright. Some good entries if anybody at the mint was listening. Here's the next lighthearted question, you all know that the United States Secret Service uses codenames for the president, and his family. Ronald Reagan's codename, for example, was, "Rawhide", an homage to his performances in Westerns. Nancy Reagan's was, "Rainbow".You don't have to come up the one for your spouse, but, what would you want, Governor Christie, I'll start with you, your Secret Service codename to be. [laughter]
 Governor Walker?
 Mr. Trump?
 Dr. Carson?
 Senator Cruz?
 Senator Rubio?
 Governor Huckabee.
 Senator Paul.
 That's a mouthful, but OK. [laughter]OK, here's the more serious question, Ronald Reagan, the 40th President, used the plane behind you to accomplish a great many things. Perhaps, most notably, to challenge Mikhail Gorbachev to tear down the wall, and ultimately, to make peace with the USSR.How will the world look different once your Air Force One is parked in the hangar of your presidential library?Senator Paul?
 That concludes this Republican presidential debate. On behalf of everyone here at CNN, we want to thank the candidates, the Reagan Library, and the Republican National Committee. Thank you, also, to Hugh Hewitt and Dana Bash.The next presidential debate will also be right here on CNN, among the Democratic candidates, who will face off for the first time on October the 13th. That debate, a partnership with Facebook, will be moderated by my colleague, Anderson Cooper.And Anderson picks up our coverage of tonight's debate right now. Before I throw to Anderson, let's have one final round of applause for the candidates.PARTICIPANTSFormer Governor Jeb Bush (FL);Ben Carson;Governor Chris Christie (NJ);Senator Ted Cruz (TX);Former Governor Mike Huckabee (AR);Governor John Kasich (OH);Senator Rand Paul (KY);Senator Marco Rubio (FL);Donald Trump;Governor Scott Walker (WI);MODERATORSBret Baier (Fox News);Megyn Kelly (Fox News); andChris Wallace (Fox News)
 Coming up more of our debate, including questions about President Obama's foreign policy and these guys and their better ideas. Coming up.
 Senator Rubio.
 Senator Cruz.
 Mr. Trump?
