Well, first of all, it's great to be with you, and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court It's what it's all about. Our country is so, so—it's just so imperative that we have the right justices.
Well, the D.C. vs. Heller decision was very strongly—and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved. And it was a well-crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset, extremely angry. And people that believe in the Second Amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.
Well, let me just tell you before we go any further. In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws, and you have tremendous gun violence.
Right.
Well, if that would happen, because I am pro-life, and I will be appointing pro-life judges, I would think that that will go back to the individual states.
If they overturned it, it will go back to the states.
Well, if we put another two or perhaps three justice on, that's really what's going to be—that will happen. And that'll happen automatically, in my opinion, because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this It will go back to the states, and the states will then make a determination.
Well, I think it's terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby.
And, honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said, doing that, as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth. Nobody has that.
Well, first of all, she wants to give amnesty, which is a disaster and very unfair to all of the people that are waiting on line for many, many years. We need strong borders.
Chris, I think it's...
I think I should respond to that. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the president of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind, signed by anybody. It's a disaster.
We are a country of laws. We either have—and by the way...
Well—well, but she said one thing.
And the wall.
President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what's happened, and that's what happened big league.
But what she doesn't say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people just the way it is.
Thank you.
That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders, OK? How did we get on to Putin?
So just to finish on the borders...
She wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550 percent more people than Barack Obama, and he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from.
... from everything I see, has no respect for this person.
No puppet. No puppet.
You're the puppet!
No, you're the puppet.
She has no idea whether it's Russia, China, or anybody else.
She has no idea.
Hillary, you have no idea.
And our country has no idea.
Yeah, I doubt it. I doubt it.
She doesn't like Putin because Putin has outsmarted her at every step of the way.
Excuse me. Putin has outsmarted her in Syria.
He's outsmarted her every step of the way.
Yes, that's fine.
By Russia or anybody else.
Of course I condemn. Of course I—I don't know Putin. I have no idea.
I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, wouldn't be so bad.
And she always will be.
Wrong.
I have 200 generals...
... and admirals, 21 endorsing me, 21 congressional Medal of Honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the—we're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century.
Look, she's been proven to be a liar on so many different ways. This is just another lie.
There's no quote. You're not going to find a quote from me.
And defend yourselves.
And defend yourselves. I didn't say nuclear. And defend yourself.
Yes.
Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition. But the rest of the public's going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan.
... that's offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again, because...
... right now, our country is dying at 1 percent GDP.
You can't.
Correct.
Over a 10-year period.
So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8 percent. China is growing at 7 percent. And that for them is a catastrophically low number.
And that will be as bad as NAFTA.
Well, let me just say—let me just say.
Let me ask a simple question. She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years?
You were very much involved—excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience, but it's bad experience, because what you've done has turned out badly.
Give me a break.
Well, I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan. But I built a phenomenal company.
Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people—I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it.
I did not say that. I did not say that.
I did not say that.
Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody. [laughter]
And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different.
Wrong.
So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies, and she caused the violence. It's on tape.
The other things are false, but honestly, I'd love to talk about getting rid of ISIS, and I'd love to talk about other things...
... but those other charges, as she knows, are false.
I think that it's been very well...
It's been very well studied.
... and it's a criminal enterprise, and so many people know it.
It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia giving $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business—off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly. And yet you take their money.
They don't want you to help them anymore.
I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute, I contribute. The money goes 100 percent—100 percent goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I don't get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. What happens—the money goes to them.
No, it was—we put up the American flag. And that's it. They put up the American flag. We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag.
There was. There was. And, by the way...
... the money—the money went to Fisher House, where they build houses—the money that you're talking about went to Fisher House, where they build houses for veterans and disabled vets.
So let me just tell you very quickly, we're entitled because of the laws that people like her passed to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges, and we do it. And all of her donors—just about all of them—I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars, Soros, George Soros, took hundreds of millions of dollars...
Let me just explain.
Most of her donors have done the same thing as I do.
You know what she should have done?
And you know, Hillary, what you should have done, you should have changed the law when you were a United States senator...
... because your donors and your special interests are doing the same thing as I do, except even more so.
You should have changed the law. But you won't change the law, because you take in so much money. I mean, I sat in my apartment today on a very beautiful hotel down the street known as Trump...
But I will tell you, I sat there...[laughter]... I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, false ad. All paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And, frankly, you should have changed the laws.
If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.
I will look at it at the time. I'm not looking at anything now. I'll look at it at the time.
If you look—excuse me, Chris—if you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote—millions, this isn't coming from me—this is coming from Pew Report and other places—millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote.
Chris, she should never have been allowed to run for the presidency based on what she did with e-mails and so many other things.
What I'm saying is that I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense. OK?
Should have gotten it. [laughter]
I think what the FBI did and what the Department of Justice did, including meeting with her husband, the attorney general, in the back of an airplane on the tarmac in Arizona, I think it's disgraceful. I think it's a disgrace.
I think we've never had a situation so bad in this country. 
Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, when she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul.
The point is, the big winner is going to be Iran.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Chris, we don't gain anything.
Iran is taking over Iraq.
Iran is taking over Iraq. We don't gain anything.
If they did it by surprise...
We could have gained if they did it by surprise.
No, you are the one that's unfit. You know, WikiLeaks just actually came out—John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and, boy, was he right. He said some beauties. And you know, Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do.
Which is a big mistake.
It's a catastrophe. I mean...
... it's a mess.
Have you seen it? Have you seen it?
Have you seen what's happening to Aleppo?
OK, so it hasn't fallen. Take a look at it.
That's right. And they are being slaughtered...
... because of bad decisions.
Well, Aleppo is a disaster. It's a humanitarian nightmare. But it has fallen from the—from any standpoint. I mean, what do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened.
... in many cases, ISIS-aligned, and we now have them in our country, and wait until you see—this is going to be the great Trojan horse. And wait until you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.
But I just have to...
It's so ridiculous what she—she will defeat ISIS. We should have never let ISIS happen in the first place. And right now, they're in 32 countries.
We should have—wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A cease-fire, the United States, Russia, and Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swatches of land, and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore.
Well, I say they're wrong, because I'm going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from, really, 1 percent, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it will be less than zero. But we're bringing it from 1 percent up to 4 percent. And I actually think we can go higher than 4 percent. I think you can go to 5 percent or 6 percent. And if we do, you don't have to bother asking your question, because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs, we don't make our product anymore. It's very sad. But I'm going to create a—the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy.
Yeah, yeah, we've heard—we've heard this before, Hillary.
We've heard this before.
Thank you, Hillary. Could I just respond?
Because I did disagree with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right.
And frankly, now we're going to do it right.
I'm cutting taxes. We're going to grow the economy. It's going to grow at a record rate of growth.
No, it's going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do Repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Such a nasty woman.
Your husband disagrees with you.
She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way.
Well, I actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I've gotten to know the people of the country over the last year-and-a-half that I've been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician.
No, I didn't say that at all. I don't think you understood what was—this was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I apologize to my family. I apologize to the American people. Certainly I'm not proud of it. But this is locker room talk.
And we should get on to much more important things and much bigger things.
I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do.
I've said things that, frankly, you hear these things I said. And I was embarrassed by it. But I have tremendous respect for women.
And women have respect for me. And I will tell you No, I have not. And I will tell you that I'm going to make our country safe. We're going to have borders in our country, which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country, and they're coming in from the Middle East and other places.
Right now, other nations are taking our jobs and they're taking our wealth.
And that's what I want to talk about.
Am I allowed to respond to that? I assume I am.
It's just words, folks. It's just words. Those words, I've been hearing them for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York, where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed.
So, she's allowed to do that, but I'm not allowed to respond?
Sounds fair.
It was locker room talk, as I told you. That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country. And certainly, I'm not proud of it. But that was something that happened.
Well, you owe the president an apology, because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal—he's another real winner that you have—and he's the one that got this started, along with your campaign manager, and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was, saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. You're the one that sent the pictures around your campaign, sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb. That was long before I was ever involved, so you actually owe an apology.
Oh, really?
Because you'd be in jail. 
And yet she didn't know the word—the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that word—what that letter meant.
You did that. Wait a minute. One second.
If you did that in the private sector, you'd be put in jail, let alone after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.
Oh, you didn't delete them?
Oh, 33,000? Yeah.
Oh, yeah. What about the other 15,000?
Because you have nothing to say.
Get off this question.
Let's see what happens...
I'd like to know, Anderson, why aren't you bringing up the e-mails? I'd like to know. Why aren't you bringing...
No, it hasn't. It hasn't. And it hasn't been finished at all.
It's nice to—one on three.
No, I'm a gentlemen, Hillary. Go ahead. [laughter]
It is such a great question and it's maybe the question I get almost more than anything else, outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it. We all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobody's ever seen worldwide. Nobody's ever seen numbers like this for health care.
It is a disastrous plan, and it has to be repealed and replaced.
Well, I just want—just one thing. First of all, Hillary, everything's broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said that Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it, trying to save Obamacare, which is a disaster.
By the way...
We're going to be able to. You're going to have plans...
Well, I'll tell you what it means. You're going to have plans that are so good, because we're going to have so much competition in the insurance industry. Once we break out—once we break out the lines and allow the competition to come...
President Obama—Anderson, excuse me. President Obama, by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state, it was almost gone until just very toward the end of the passage of Obamacare, which, by the way, was a fraud. You know that, because Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare, was said—he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, you keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud, and it doesn't work.
... so that we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to take care of themselves.
Well, you're right about Islamophobia, and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is we have to make sure that—because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not, and we could be very politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it.
First of all, Captain Khan is an American hero, and if I were president at that time, he would be alive today, because unlike her, who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was disaster. So he would have been alive today.
Why don't you interrupt her? You interrupt me all the time.
Why don't you interrupt her?
It's called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they're coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama. And Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is, and she wants 550 percent more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time.
That's not been debunked.
That has not been debunked.
I was against—I was against the war in Iraq. Has not been debunked. And you voted for it. And you shouldn't have. Well, I just want to say...
Excuse me. She just went about 25 seconds over her time.
Could I just respond to this, please?
Hillary Clinton, in terms of having people come into our country, we have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says we don't want them. In some cases, they're murderers, drug lords, drug problems. And they don't want them.
Well, I think I should respond, because—so ridiculous. Look, now she's blaming—she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else, and she said things—WikiLeaks that just came out. And she lied. Now she's blaming the lie on the late, great Abraham Lincoln. That's one that I haven't...[laughter]
Well, one thing I'd do is get rid of carried interest. One of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run, because I knock out the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She's a United States—she was a United States senator.
Of course I do. Of course I do. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write-offs.
A lot of my—excuse me, Anderson—a lot of my write- off was depreciation and other things that Hillary as a senator allowed. And she'll always allow it, because the people that give her all this money, they want it. That's why.
No, but I pay tax, and I pay federal tax, too. But I have a write-off, a lot of it's depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she's given it to us.
And, again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes. She's made bad judgments on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. I mean, her and Obama, whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they've left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from that little area, and now they're in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job.
Why didn't you do it? Why didn't you do it?
Oh, really?
You could have done it, if you were an effective—if you were an effective senator, you could have done it. If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. But you were not an effective senator.
She said a lot of things that were false. I mean, I think we should be allowed to maybe...
Excuse me. Because she has been a disaster as a senator. A disaster.
First of all, she was there as secretary of state with the so-called line in the sand, which...
OK. But you were in contact—excuse me. You were...
You were in total contact with the White House, and perhaps, sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would be listening to you very much anymore.
And one thing I have to say.
I don't like Assad at all, but Assad is killing ISIS. Russia is killing ISIS. And Iran is killing ISIS. And those three have now lined up because of our weak foreign policy.
OK. He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree. I disagree.
I think you have to knock out ISIS. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and it's Iran, who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a very powerful nation and a very rich nation, very, very quickly, very, very quickly.
I think Aleppo is a disaster, humanitarian-wise.
I think that it basically has fallen. OK? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something. You take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy, we have Mosul. They think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements coming out of Washington and coming out of Iraq, we will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks.
I can't think of any. I can't think of any. And I'm pretty good at it.
And we have General Flynn. And we have—look, I have 200 generals and admirals who endorsed me. I have 21 Congressional Medal of Honor recipients who endorsed me. We talk about it all the time. They understand, why can't they do something secretively, where they go in and they knock out the leadership? How—why would these people stay there? I've been reading now...
... for weeks—I've been reading now for weeks about Mosul, that it's the harbor of where—you know, between Raqqa and Mosul, this is where they think the ISIS leaders are. Why would they be saying—they're not staying there anymore. They're gone. Because everybody's talking about how Iraq, which is us with our leadership, goes in to fight Mosul.
Everything.
You know what's funny? She went over a minute over, and you don't stop her. When I go one second over, it's like a big deal.
It's really—it's really very interesting.
Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable, a large group, and irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And I'll be a president that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back.
But I will tell you, she's all talk. It doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her Senate run. Take a look at upstate New York.
It turned out to be a disaster.
... but we believed that we could make the country better. And I was proud of that.
We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte. You look at Baltimore. You look at the violence that's taking place in the inner cities, Chicago, you take a look at Washington, D.C.
She's got tremendous—she's got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama, and that's what you're getting with her.
No, there wasn't check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the person that she built up to be this wonderful Girl Scout who was no Girl Scout.
By the way, just so you understand, when she said 3 o'clock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 o'clock in the morning? Guess what? She didn't answer it, because when Ambassador Stevens...
... 600—wait a minute, Anderson, 600 times. Well, she said she was awake at 3 o'clock in the morning, and she also sent a tweet out at 3 o'clock in the morning, but I won't even mention that. But she said she'll be awake. Who's going—the famous thing, we're going to answer our call at 3 o'clock in the morning. Guess what happened? Ambassador Stevens—Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help. And the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal, who's her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So, you know, she shouldn't be talking about that.
I'm shocked to hear that. [laughter]
We have the slowest growth since 1929.
It is—our country has the slowest growth and jobs are a disaster.
Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently. And we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia. I'm looking for judges—and I've actually picked 20 of them so that people would see, highly respected, highly thought of, and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody.
Absolutely. I think it's such a great question, because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolutely siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in buying our—buying so many of our different plants and then re-jiggering the plant so that they can take care of their oil.
It's an absolute disgrace.
Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great—I'm very proud of my children. And they've done a wonderful job, and they've been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment.
Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They're going to Mexico. They're going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They're devaluing their currency, and there's nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they're using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing.
Well, for one thing—and before we start on that—my father gave me a very small loan in 1975, and I built it into a company that's worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world, and I say that only because that's the kind of thinking that our country needs.
Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we've created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What's happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is—look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester.
Well, the first thing you do is don't let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They're leaving, and they're leaving in bigger numbers than ever.
That's called business, by the way.
I did not. I did not. I do not say that.
I do not say that.
She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one.
I will bring—excuse me. I will bring back jobs. You can't bring back jobs.
Yeah, for 30 years.
Well, he approved NAFTA...
He approved NAFTA, which is the single worst trade deal ever approved in this country.
But you haven't done it in 30 years or 26 years or any number you want to...
You haven't done it. You haven't done it.
Excuse me.
Your husband signed NAFTA, which was one of the worst things that ever happened to the manufacturing industry.
You go to New England, you go to Ohio, Pennsylvania, you go anywhere you want, Secretary Clinton, and you will see devastation where manufacture is down 30, 40, sometimes 50 percent. NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country.
You called it the gold standard.
You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it's the finest deal you've ever seen.
And then you heard what I said about it, and all of a sudden you were against it.
Not.
So is it President Obama's fault?
Is it President Obama's fault?
Secretary, is it President Obama's fault?
Because he's pushing it.
But you have no plan.
Secretary, you have no plan.
That's about all you've...
You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you're going to increase regulations all over the place.
Facts.
And take a look at mine, also, and you'll see.
Well, could I just finish—I think I...
I think I should—you go to her website, and you take a look at her website.
She's going to raise taxes $1.3 trillion.
And look at her website. You know what? It's no difference than this. She's telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don't think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.
No, no, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do.
See, you're telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you've been fighting—no wonder you've been fighting ISIS your entire adult life.
Well, I'm really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going create tremendous jobs. They're going to expand their companies. They're going to do a tremendous job.
Why not?
There's nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into their country.
Yes.
Then you didn't read it.
Who gave it that name? The first I've—who gave it that name?
How much? How much for my family?
Lester, how much?
Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn't work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what's going on.
I don't mind releasing—I'm under a routine audit. And it'll be released. And—as soon as the audit's finished, it will be released.
Excuse me.
Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I've been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year.
It's not negotiable, no. Let her release the e-mails. Why did she delete 33,000...
That makes me smart.
That's for sure.
That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they're not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it's disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it's—really thinks it's disgraceful, also.
It would be squandered, too, believe me.
Maybe he didn't do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work...
Which our country should do, too.
Wrong. Wrong.
So, yeah, I think—I do think it's time. Look, it's all words, it's all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It's an unbelievable company.
Well, first of all, Secretary Clinton doesn't want to use a couple of words, and that's law and order. And we need law and order. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country.
No, you're wrong. It went before a judge, who was a very against-police judge. It was taken away from her. And our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places where it's allowed.
No, the argument is that we have to take the guns away from these people that have them and they are bad people that shouldn't have them.
But we need—Lester, we need law and order. And we need law and order in the inner cities, because the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen.
Ugh.
I'd like to respond to that.
First of all, I agree, and a lot of people even within my own party want to give certain rights to people on watch lists and no- fly lists. I agree with you. When a person is on a watch list or a no-fly list, and I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I'm very proud of. These are very, very good people, and they're protecting the Second Amendment.
No, you're wrong. You're wrong.
Murders are up. All right. You check it.
I'd like to just respond, if I might.
I'd just like to respond.
I will. Look, the African-American community has been let down by our politicians. They talk good around election time, like right now, and after the election, they said, see ya later, I'll see you in four years.
And I will tell you, you look at the inner cities—and I just left Detroit, and I just left Philadelphia, and I just—you know, you've seen me, I've been all over the place. You decided to stay home, and that's OK. But I will tell you, I've been all over. And I've met some of the greatest people I'll ever meet within these communities. And they are very, very upset with what their politicians have told them and what their politicians have done.
I'll tell you very—well, just very simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close—very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager, Patti Doyle, went to—during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard. And you can go look it up, and you can check it out.
Because I want to get on to defeating ISIS, because I want to get on to creating jobs, because I want to get on to having a strong border, because I want to get on to things that are very important to me and that are very important to the country.
Yeah.
Well, nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it. I figured you'd ask the question tonight, of course. But nobody was caring much about it. But I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate. And I think I did a good job.
Well, it was very—I say nothing. I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing.
I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect. And I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is and how wonderful you are. It doesn't work that way. You were after him, you were trying to—you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures. I don't think you can deny that.
I do want to say that I was just endorsed—and more are coming next week—it will be over 200 admirals, many of them here—admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened, and many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it.
Well, first I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS. "We will take out ISIS." Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out—what, they shouldn't have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed.
Wrong.
Wrong. Wrong.
Well, I have to respond.
The secretary said very strongly about working with—we've been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest mess anyone's ever seen. You look at the Middle East, it's a total mess. Under your direction, to a large extent.
No, wait a minute.
When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should have never happened. Now, you're talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were secretary of state when it was a little infant. Now it's in over 30 countries. And you're going to stop them? I don't think so.
I did not support the war in Iraq.
That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she—frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media.
Just—would you like to hear...
Wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out.
The record does not show that.
The record shows that I'm right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, first time anyone's asked me that, I said, very lightly, I don't know, maybe, who knows? Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto. We talked about the economy is more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversations with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said—and he called me the other day—and I spoke to him about it—he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war.
And when he—excuse me. And that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly to me and other people—he's willing to say it, but nobody wants to call him. I was against the war. He said, you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war.
No, no. You didn't hear what I said.
Well, I have much better judgment than she does. There's no question about that. I also have a much better temperament than she has, you know? [laughter]
Wait. The AFL-CIO the other day, behind the blue screen, I don't know who you were talking to, Secretary Clinton, but you were totally out of control. I said, there's a person with a temperament that's got a problem.
That would not start a war.
No, they were taunting us.
Wrong.
It's lies.
That line's getting a little bit old, I must say. I would like to...
It's not an accurate one at all. It's not an accurate one. So I just want to give a lot of things—and just to respond. I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons, not global warming, like you think and your—your president thinks.
Well, wait, but it's very important. All I said was, they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We're a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out.
As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.
Well, I have to say that, you know, for what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia, she's very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their—they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint.
And they're going to end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day. Believe me, he's not a happy camper.
Lester, one thing I'd like to say.
I will go very quickly. But I will tell you that Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now, it's getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they're in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations.
And it's a big problem. And as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies, but we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policemen of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world...
... where they're not paying us what we need.
And she doesn't say that, because she's got no business ability. We need heart. We need a lot of things. But you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn't have that. All of the things that she's talking about could have been taken care of during the last 10 years, let's say, while she had great power. But they weren't taken care of. And if she ever wins this race, they won't be taken care of.
She doesn't have the look. She doesn't have the stamina. I said she doesn't have the stamina. And I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina.
You have—wait a minute. Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question?
The world—let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it's bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last—so she's got experience, that I agree. 
I never said that.
I didn't say that.
Where did you find this? Where did you find this?
Where did you find this?
Oh, really?
OK, good. Let me just tell you... 
You know, Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it's said in entertainment. Some of it's said—somebody who's been very vicious to me, Rosie O'Donnell, I said very tough things to her, and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her.
... extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, "I can't do it. I just can't do it. It's inappropriate. It's not nice." But she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue. They're untrue. And they're misrepresentations.
... $200 million is spent, and I'm either winning or tied, and I've spent practically nothing. 
I want to make America great again. We are a nation that is seriously troubled. We're losing our jobs. People are pouring into our country.
Look, here's the story. I want to make America great again. I'm going to be able to do it. I don't believe Hillary will. The answer is, if she wins, I will absolutely support her. 
One of the biggest political events anywhere in the world is happening right now with the Republican Party. Millions and millions of people are going out to the polls and they're voting. They're voting out of enthusiasm. They're voting out of love. Some of these people, frankly, have never voted before — 50 years old, 60 years old, 70 years old — never voted before.
Because nobody knows the system better than me. I know the H1B. I know the H2B. Nobody knows it better than me. I'm a businessman. These are laws. These are regulations. These are rules. We're allowed to do it. And frankly, because of the devaluations that other countries — the monetary devaluations that other countries are constantly doing and brilliantly doing against us, it's very, very hard for our companies in this country, in our country, to compete.
I will. First of all, I think and I know the H1B very well. And it's something that I frankly use and I shouldn't be allowed to use it. We shouldn't have it. Very, very bad for workers. And second of all, I think it's very important to say, well, I'm a businessman and I have to do what I have to do.
Education through Washington, D.C. I don't want that. I want local education. I want the parents, and I want all of the teachers, and I want everybody to get together around a school and to make education great.
You're right, Jake. But it has been taken over by the federal government. It was originally supposed to be that way. And certainly sounds better that way. But it has all been taken over now by the bureaucrats in Washington, and they are not interested in what's happening in Miami or in Florida, in many cases.
Well, first of all, I want you to understand that the Democrats, and I've watched them very intensely, even though it's a very, very boring thing to watch, that the Democrats are doing nothing with Social Security. They're leaving it the way it is. In fact, they want to increase it. They want to actually give more.
Because they don't cover most of the subjects. We're the policemen of the world. We take care of the entire world. We're going to have a stronger military, much stronger. Our military is depleted. But we take care of Germany, we take care of Saudi Arabia, we take care of Japan, we take care of South Korea. We take — every time this maniac from North Korea does anything, we immediately send our ships. We get virtually nothing.
Well, I don't know if he's saying that. Look, I'm just saying very simply we have a country that I've never seen anything like it. I've been going over budgets and looking at budgets. We don't bid things out. We don't bid out, as an example, the drug industry, pharmaceutical industry. They don't go out to bid. They just pay almost as if you walk into a drug store. That's what they're paying.
Yes. If you look back to Iowa, Ted did change his view and his stance on ethanol quite a bit. He did and — at the end. Not full on, but he did change his view in the hopes of maybe doing well. And you know, I think everybody knows that. It was a front page story all over the place, and he did make a change.
Well, that's fine. First of all, Ted was in favor of amnesty. So there's no question about that. And Sheriff Joe Arpaio recently endorsed me and there's nobody tougher on the borders than Sheriff Joe. And Jeff Sessions, one of the most respected Senator in Washington, an incredible man, also endorsed me.
Well, first of all, I don't really think that. I think that I hold views that are very similar to many of the people. We are more inclusive. And if you look at the polls and if you look at the millions of people that have been pouring into the polls, it's, again, the biggest story.
The 45 percent tax is a threat. It was not a tax, it was a threat. It will be a tax if they don't behave. Take China as an example. I have many friends, great manufacturers, they want to go into China. They can't. China won't let them. We talk about free trade. It's not tree free trade, it's stupid trade.
Jake, I have to say — honestly, it's just the opposite. What will happen if they don't behave, we will put on a tax of some amount, and it could be a large amount, and we will start building those factories and those plants. Instead of in China, we'll build them here. And people will buy products from here, rather than buying it through China where we're being ripped off. And we have a $505 billion trade deficit right now.
I mean a lot of them. I mean a lot of them.
Well, you know, I've been watching the debate today. And they're talking about radical Islamic terrorism or radical Islam. But I will tell you this. There's something going on that maybe you don't know about, maybe a lot of other people don't know about, but there's tremendous hatred. And I will stick with exactly what I said to Anderson Cooper. 
Marco talks about consequences. Well, we've had a lot of consequences, including airplanes flying into the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and could have been the White House. There have been a lot of problems.
We better solve the problem before it's too late.
Let me go back to the other just for a second. In large mosques, all over the Middle East, you have people chanting "death to the USA." Now, that does not sound like a friendly act to me.
First of all, there's nobody on this stage that's more pro Israel than I am. OK. There's nobody.  I am pro-Israel. [booing]
And, by the way, just so you understand, as far as Iran, I would have never made that deal. I think it's maybe the world deal I've ever seen. I think it's the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated. I will be so tough on them and ultimately that deal will be broken unless they behave better than they've ever behaved in their lives, which is probably unlikely. That deal will be broken.
If I become president of the United States, one of the things that will be an absolute priority is number one, protection of Israel, but also seeing if a deal can be made, the toughest deal, the toughest negotiation there probably is of any kind no matter where you look, no matter how hard you look.
We really have no choice. We have to knock out ISIS. We have to knock the hell out of them. We have to get rid of it. And then come back and rebuild our country, which is falling apart. We have no choice.
I would listen to the generals, but I'm hearing numbers of 20,000 to 30,000. We have to knock them out fast. Look, we're not allowed to fight. We can't fight. We're not knocking out the oil because they don't want to create environmental pollution up in the air.
Well, I don't really agree with President Obama. I think I'm somewhere in the middle. What I want is I want a much better deal to be made because right now, Cuba is making — as usual with our country, we don't make good deal. We don't have our right people negotiating, we have people that don't have a clue.
I would want to make a good deal, I would want to make a strong, solid, good deal because right now, everything is in Cuba's favor. Right now, everything, every single aspect of this deal is in Cuba's favor. It the same way as the Iran deal.
I would probably have the embassy closed until such time as a really good deal was made and struck by the United States. 
Well, if Ted was listening, he would have heard me say something very similar. I said we would not do the deal unless it was going to be a very good deal for us. And I think I said it loud and I think I said it very clear. And I think after 50 years, and I have many friends, I own many properties in Miami, many, many, and I have many people that know and they feel exactly the way I do, make a deal, it would be great, but it's got to be a great deal for the United States, not a bad deal for the United States. As far as Iran is concerned, I would have never made that deal. That is one of the worst deals ever, ever made by this country. It is a disaster. So for Ted to say I agree with this deal, I mean, it's a staple in my speeches that that may he worst single deal I've ever seen negotiated. So don't try to put it on me like it's wonderful, like I love it.
I was against the giving of the money at all cost. I said don't negotiate at all until you get the prisoners back. If the prisoners don't come back early — three years ago. One of the longest negotiations I've ever seen, by the way. If they don't come back early, I was saying don't negotiate. They come back early.
That doesn't mean I was endorsing that. I was not endorsing it. I said that is a strong, powerful government that put it down with strength. And then they kept down the riot. It was a horrible thing. It doesn't mean at all I was endorsing it.
I used to think Merkel was a great leader until she did what she did to Germany. Germany is a disaster right now. So I used to think that. 
I hope not. I truly hope not. I will say this. We have 25, 30,000 people — you've seen it yourself. People come with tremendous passion and love for the country, and when they see protest — in some cases — you know, you're mentioning one case, which I haven't seen, I heard about it, which I don't like. But when they see what's going on in this country, they have anger that's unbelievable. They have anger.
We have some protesters who are bad dudes, they have done bad things. They are swinging, they are really dangerous and they get in there and they start hitting people. And we had a couple big, strong, powerful guys doing damage to people, not only the loudness, the loudness I don't mind. But doing serious damage. And if they've got to be taken out, to be honest, I mean, we have to run something.
It shows the total dishonesty of the press. We were having — on a few occasions, again massive crowds. And we're talking and I'm saying who is going to vote on Tuesday? Who is going to vote? The place goes crazy. Then I say, hey, do me a favor. Raise your right hand. Do you swear you're going to vote for Donald Trump?
I think that what should happen, getting back maybe a little bit to your first question, I think that whoever — first of all, I think I'm going to have the delegates. OK? I think. Let's see what happens. 
Make me president. 
You know, I listen and I watch Ted on television and when he speaks, and he's always saying, "I'm the only one that beat Donald in six contests; and I beat him." But I beat him in 13 contests. He never mentions that.  And let me just tell you another little fact, little minor fact. I have about a 1.6 million votes during this primary season, more votes than Ted. The other thing is, I beat Hillary, and I will give you the list, I beat Hillary in many of the polls that have been taken. And each week, I get better and better. And believe me, I haven't even started on her yet.
I have not made that decision yet. I will make a decision on that, but I have not made that decision. My decision was that I would go through the entire primary season and I have turned down probably $275 million worth. I have many, many friends that come up all day long, $5 million, $10 million, I'm turning down money. I feel sort of foolish to be honest with you. I don't know if I get any credit for it but I'm self-funding my campaign.
Ted was given to PACs. I mean, PACs — you know, these super PACs are a disaster, by the way, folks. Very corrupt. It's going to lead to lots of disasters. But Ted has super PACs and you have to look at the people that are giving to those super PACs, number one. It's very important to do that.
It depends on what comes up. You never know. It depends on what comes up. Look, look, we had a great president, Ronald Reagan. We had Tip O'Neill, speaker. And what do we do, we take these two men that are very, very different men, they got along, they had relationships, and they got things, and very beautifully.
Well look, he was a failed candidate, he should have beaten president Obama very easy.
I totally disavow the Klu Klux Klan. I totally disavow David Duke. I've been doing it now for two weeks, this is your — you're probably about the 18th person that's asked me the question. It was very clear, that question was also talked about in the form of groups. Groups, I want to know which groups are you talking about? You have to tell me which groups?
Thank you. Thanks. 
And we will.
Well, I also happened to call him a lightweight, OK? And I have said that. So I would like to take that back. He is really not that much of a lightweight. And as far as — and I have to say this, I have to say this. He hit my hands. Nobody has ever hit my hands. I have never heard of this. Look at those hands. Are they small hands? [laughter]
I have heard Ted say that over and over again on television, that he is the only one that can beat me. Just, for the record, I have won 10. He has won three or four. Last week, in fact, on Tuesday, I was a half a million votes higher than him. I was a million votes higher than Marco, 1 million votes. That's a lot of votes. And was by far in first place.
Oh yeah, you're...
Very nice words, but happens to be wrong. CNN just came out with a poll two days ago that...
... That national poll — excuse me...
... The national poll — a national poll where he's at 15, he's at 14...
... And, I'm at 49, so when he says 75 percent, that would mean that 80 percent of the people don't dig you, and I'm back down to 50...
Wrong...
... I beat Hillary Clinton. I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls...
I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls...
... I think I'm talking...
... I beat Hillary Clinton...
... I hope you think ...
... I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls. The Cue poll just came out. I beat Hillary Clinton in a recent Fox poll, I beat Hillary Clinton in USA Today, I beat her today in a poll in Ohio. I beat — I'm the only one that beats Hillary Clinton.
... In one poll...
... In one poll...
Wrong. Wrong.
This little guy has lied so much...
... about my record.
He has lied so much about my record.
And I will tell you this. First of all, I got a call from my sister and brother tonight, and they said we had no idea Dad gave you $200 million. Believe me, I started off with $1 million. I built a company that's worth more than $10 billion. And I say it not in a bragging way, but that's the kind of thinking we need.
They devalue their currencies. I will do that. And by the way, I have been doing it more and more. But they devalue their currencies, in particular China. Mexico is doing a big number now, also. Japan is unbelievable what they're doing.
And they're killing — they're going to...
No, no. I have very good answers.
I know what's happening with the economy. You don't know a thing.
You haven't employed in your life one person.
I have employed tens of thousands of people.  You haven't employed one person.
Oh, you know what? You know what? Take a look at Trump Steaks.
By the way, that's the other thing...
Mitt Romney...... false, totally false. And now the funny thing is he didn't talk about the hundreds of really successful jobs, the buildings all over the world that have made a fortune.
I will. Don't worry about it, Marco. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it little Marco, I will.
Don't worry about it, little Marco.
This guy has a number one — the number one absentee record in the United States...
He doesn't show up to vote.
That's why the people in Florida do not like him.
Correct.
Department of Education. We're cutting Common Core. We're getting rid of Common Core. We're bringing education locally. Department of Environmental Protection. We are going to get rid are of it in almost every form. We're going to have little tidbits left but we're going to take a tremendous amount out.
OK.
Let me explain something. Because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies — because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies are not mandated to bid properly, they have hundreds of billions of dollars in waste.
Take a look — excuse me. You are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars...
... if we went out to the proper bid. Of course you are.
I'm saying saving through negotiation throughout the economy, you will save $300 billion a year.
And that's a huge — of course it is. We are going to buy things for less money. Of course it is. That works out...
I'm not only talking about drugs, I'm talking about other things. We will save $300 billion a year if we properly negotiate. We don't do that. We don't negotiate. We don't negotiate anything.
Well, all of a sudden, I hear for 40 years I've been involved in Washington. I have been supporting people for many years. And these people have been politicians, and they've been on both sides, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives. I've supported everybody, because, until recently, I wasn't a politician, and I hope maybe you don't all consider me a politician right now. I hate the term politician.
... is it's total gridlock. Nobody gets along. We need people to get along. We need to be able to get things done. 
Actually, it was for business. It was. It was. It was for business. I pride myself, including outside of the United States. I'm doing almost 120 deals outside of the — which I hope to be able to stop very soon and let my children handle it — but we're doing many, many deals outside of the United States.
Let me tell you, something, Ted. The last person that Hillary Clinton wants to face is Donald Trump. That I can...
That I can tell you.
Hello.
Nice to be with you, Megyn.
You're looking well. You're looking well.
I don't know exactly what — when you talk about off the record. First of all, Buzzfeed? They were the ones that said under no circumstances will I run for president. And were they wrong. But a lot of people said that.
Not very flexible. No, not very flexible. I give the example — I'm going to build a wall. I'm the one that wants the wall. I'm the one that can build the wall. 
Fine.
I will say one thing, what Marco said is — I understand it. He is talking about a little give and take and a little negotiation. And you know what? That's OK. That's not the worst thing in the world.
No. I never do that. I would not do that. I don't think — I have too much respect — if I deal with you off the record, if I deal with Bret or Chris off the record, I have too much respect for that process to say, just release everything. I would not do that.
I'm changing. I'm changing. We need highly skilled people in this country, and if we can't do it, we'll get them in. But, and we do need in Silicon Valley, we absolutely have to have.
... I'm changing it, and I'm softening the position because we have to have talented people in this country.
... That is correct.
... No, I'm not playing.
I'm not playing to anybody's fantasies, I'm playing to the fact that our country is in trouble, that we have a tremendous problem with crime. The border is a disaster, it's like a piece of Swiss cheese. We're going to stop it, we're going to stop people from coming into our country illegally. We're going to stop it.  [cheering]
First of all I've had tens of thousands of people working for me, most of which are — 98, 97, 98 percent of the people in this country, from this country. I'm very proud of it. You have a club in Palm Beach, Florida called the Mar-a-Lago Club, it's a very, very successful club. It has a very short season, it's called, the Season, and it goes from November until March.
... Wrong...
... That's wrong.
... Wrong...
... Wrong...
The — the — the other hotels during the season, they do the same thing. They take in a lot of people, because you can't get them. They take in a lot of people. Long-term employees, we don't do that, but short-term employees, we have no choice but to do it, and other hotels in that very, very hot area. It is a very hot area.
It's very, very hard to get people. But other hotels do the exact same thing. And just so you understand, just again, this is a legal process. This is a procedure. It's part of the law. I take advantage of that. There's nothing wrong with it. We have no choice.
This wasn't on the subject.
Tapes were not on the subject, but that's...
No, no. You're the liar. You're the lying guy up here.
You're the — you're the one. You're the one.
You're the one. Now, let me just tell you. Let me just tell you. 
They won't refuse. They're not going to refuse me. Believe me.
Let me just tell you, you look at the Middle East. They're chopping off heads. They're chopping off the heads of Christians and anybody else that happens to be in the way. They're drowning people in steel cages. And he — now we're talking about waterboarding.
And — and — and — I'm a leader. I'm a leader. I've always been a leader. I've never had any problem leading people. If I say do it, they're going to do it. That's what leadership is all about.
Well, look, you know, when a family flies into the World Trade Center, a man flies into the World Trade Center, and his family gets sent back to where they were going — and I think most of you know where they went — and, by the way, it wasn't Iraq — but they went back to a certain territory, they knew what was happening. The wife knew exactly what was happening.
I have no problem with it.
I think Richard Haass is excellent. I have a lot of respect for him. I think General Keane is excellent. I think that there are — I like Colonel Jacobs very much. I see him. I know him. I have many people that I think are really excellent but in the end it's going to be my decision.
We've made a terrible mistake getting involved there in the first place. That thing will collapse about two seconds after they leave. Just as I said that Iraq was going to collapse after we leave.
We made a mistake going into Iraq. I've never said we made a mistake...
Well, OK, I never said that.
OK. Wouldn't matter. I never said it.
Should I respond to that first?
You'll be here a long time.
I hate the concept of it, but on a humanitarian basis, with what's happening, you have to. It's living in Hell in Syria; there's no question about it. They're living in Hell.
Look, from a humanitarian standpoint, I'd love to help, but we have our own problems. We have so many problems that we have to solve.
They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction; there were none. And they knew there were none.
Well, on Afghanistan, I did mean Iraq. I think you have to stay in Afghanistan for a while, because of the fact that you're right next to Pakistan, which has nuclear weapons, and we have to protect that. Nuclear weapons change the game.
No, no. But...
Now on — let me explain that. You're right. Let me explain. First time the question had been put to me, it was very early on. The migration had just started. And I had heard that the number was a very, very small number.
Megyn, I have a very strong core. 
The next day. But I had learned. I mean, nobody had ever asked me the question. This was brand new. But — and I really mean it. You have to show a degree of flexibility. If you're going to be one way and you think it's wrong, does that mean the rest of your life you have to go in the wrong direction because you don't want to change? 


... That's not right...
... We'll find out when we have the ...
... And, by the way, just so you understand......this is a case I could have settled very easily, but I don't settle cases very easily when I'm right. Ninety-eight percent approval rating, we have an "A" from the Better Business Bureau...
... We have a 98 percent approval rating from the people who took the course. We have an "A" from the Better Business Bureau. And, people like it. Now, he's saying they didn't learn.
... By taking the course.
You're going to see, you don't know...
You're going to see, you're going to see.
... No, no. Before they had the information...
... Before they had the information...
... Before they had the information it got — it is right now an "A", once they had the information...
... The only reason that is was a "D" was because we didn't care — we didn't give them the information...
... When they got the information it became an "A"...
... Marco you don't know ...
... Yes.
...
... But it was elevated to an "A"...
... I can give it to you. I can give it to you tomorrow..
... It was elevated to an "A".
... Small business...
... Right...
... The lead plaintiff is now getting out of the case because it's so bad for her...
... Excuse me, the lead plaintiff signed a letter saying how great it was, and it on tape saying how great it was.
... She's trying to get out of the case. She's trying to get out of the case...
Oh, give me a break...
Give me a break.
Give me a break.
You know what, let's see what happens in court. This is a civil case. Very easy to have settled. Could settle it now. Very easy to have settled. Let's see what happens at the end of a couple years when this case is over, OK?
Yes, it has been going for a long time.
We'll win the case.
One, one of the victims.
I gave many people their money back.
Let me just...
We will see who's right at the end of a few years. But all of the — almost all of the people, many, many people signed what's called the report card at the end, did you like the course, how did you like it.
I gave some refunds to people because if they asked for the refunds in a certain period of time, and we gave refunds to people.
But let's see what happens at the end of three years. Let's see who's right.
It's called pending litigation.
Let me tell you the real con artist. Excuse me. Excuse me. The real con artist is Senator Marco Rubio who was elected in Florida and who has the worst voting record in the United States Senate.
... again, there will be a lot of advertising. It's the only thing that might save him. But I doubt it.
He scammed the people of Florida. He scammed people. He doesn't vote. He doesn't show up for the U.S. Senate. He doesn't vote. He scammed the people. He defrauded the people of Florida.
You defrauded the people of Florida, little Marco.
That was licensing.
Oh, stop it.
It's just a minor case. It's a minor case.
It's a minor civil case.
Give me a break.
It's a minor civil case.
There are many, many civil cases.
Give me a break.
I don't believe these politicians. All talk, no action. I'm standing here listening to — I'm hearing him say about a percentage. CNN, he gets 15. That means 85 percent, based on what you're saying, of the people don't dig you, number one, number one. Is that a correct statement? How do you get — are you at 15 in the new CNN poll? Do you believe in CNN? I mean, I know we're with FOX. But CNN spent — CNN...
CNN spent a lot of money on a poll, just came out. I'm at 49. He's at 15. He tells me about 65 percent of the people. It's not 65 percent of the people. If you go by that, 85 percent of the people.
I am by far the leader. But if you listen to a politician, he'll try and convince you otherwise.
No, I don't. No, I don't.
According to your poll...
... I know, but your recent polls have me beating Hillary Clinton, and very, very easily.
I have nothing to say. I mean, generally speaking, agree with what he said. I would have certainly have rather left it to the states. I was always in favor — I was very surprised when they came up with that decision.
No, I'm a big defender of the Second Amendment. And if you look at what's happened, whether it's in California, where you had the 14 people killed, whether it's in Paris — which, by the way, has the toughest gun laws in the world and 130 people killed. Many, many people in the hospital gravely injured. They will be dying. Many people will be dying in addition.
I don't support it anymore. I do not support the ban on assault. [audience booing]
I — I did not say that. I did not say that.
I did not say that.
So we're listening to the all-talk, no-action politician, and he was the primary supporter of John Roberts, who gave us Obamacare.
No, it's not. You take a look. He was the primary supporter. He pushed John Roberts, and pushed him, and pushed him, and Bush ultimately appointed him. He got appointed. And when it came his time to raise his hand and kill Obamacare, not once, but twice, he let us down, and he did the wrong thing.
Not what you say in the op-ed.
That is not what you said in the op-ed.
Yeah, I know it is. But it's not what you said in the op-ed.
Lyin' Ted.
Well, let me just say this. I've gotten to know Marco over a period of time, believe me, he is not a leader. Believe me.
He didn't answer — he's not a leader. And, frankly, when I say they'll do as I tell them, they'll do as I tell them. And that's very — it's very simple. It's very simple.
Wrong. Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
He said very good things about me, and I said...
Yeah, finish.
Let me just tell you, first of all, I've been hearing this man so long talking about Putin. Putin said about me — I didn't say about Putin — Putin said very nice things about me. And I say very nicely, wouldn't it be nice if actually we could get along with Russia, we could get along with foreign countries, instead of spending trillions and trillions of dollars?
I think I'd get along very well with Vladimir Putin. I just think so.
Even if it's not me? [laughter]
... OK — that I'm very, very proud of — millions and millions of people have come to the Republican Party over the last little while. They've come to the Republican Party. And by the way, the Democrats are losing people. This is a trend that's taking place. It's the biggest thing happening in politics, and I'm very proud to be a part of it. And I'm going to give them some credit, too, even though they don't deserve it. But the answer is Yes, I will.
Yes, I will. Yes. I will.
Thank you. I am going to bring jobs back to the United States like nobody else can. We're going to fix our very depleted military. We're going to take care of our vets. We're going to strengthen our borders. And you're going to be very, very proud of this country in just a few years if I'm elected president. Thank you.
Thank you. My whole theme is make America great again. We don't win anymore as a country. We don't win with trade, we don't win with the military. ISIS, we can't even knock out ISIS, and we will, believe me. We will.
First of all, he was in charge of amnesty, he was the leader, and you can ask Marco because they've been debating this every debate that we've had.
Well, I'm very glad that Ted mentioned Arizona because probably the toughest man on borders is Sheriff Joe Arpaio, and two days ago he totally endorsed me, so, thank you. 
Well, first of all, self-deportation is people are going to leave as soon as they see others going out. If you look at Dwight Eisenhower in the 1950s, they started moving people out and the rest of them left.
I criticized Mitt Romney for losing the election. He should have won that election. He had a failed president. He ran a terrible campaign. He was a terrible candidate. That's what I criticize Mitt Romney — I mean, ran...
Excuse me. He ran one terrible campaign. That's an election that should have been won. 
No, no, I'm the only one on the stage that's hired people. You haven't hired anybody. 
And by the way, I've hired — and by the way, I've hired tens of thousands of people over at my job. You've hired nobody.
You've had nothing but problems with your credit cards, et cetera. So don't tell me about that.
You haven't hired one person, you liar.
That's wrong. That's wrong. Totally wrong.
I've hired tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. Tens of thousands...
Be quiet. Just be quiet.  Let me talk. I've hired tens of thousands of people. He brings up something from 30 years ago, it worked out very well. Everybody was happy.
And by the way, the laws were totally different. That was a whole different world.
But I've hired people. Nobody up here has hired anybody. 
I can only say this, and I've said it loud and clear and I've said it for years. And many of these people are sitting right in the audience right now — your lobbyist and your special interest and your donors, because the audience is packed with them, and they're packed with you.
Here's a man — Robin Hood. This is Robin Hood over here. He talks about corruption. On his financial disclosure form, he didn't even put that he's borrowed money from Citibank and from Goldman Sachs, which is a total violation. He didn't talk about the fact that he pays almost no interest. He just left it off, and now he's going to protect the people from the big bad banks.
.
Correct.
I will, and the wall just got 10 feet taller, believe me. 
Well, you know, I don't mind trade wars when we're losing $58 billion a year, you want to know the truth. We're losing so much. 
Such a cute sound bite.
All right, you know what?
Because they devalue their currency — they devalue their currencies...
... that makes it — well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything...
Let me just tell you — they de-value their currency. They de-value their currencies.
That makes it — well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything you do.
Let me just tell you, they de-value their currencies. China, Mexico, everybody. Japan with the cars. They de-value their currencies to such an extent that our businesses cannot compete with them, our workers lose their jobs...
But you wouldn't know anything about it because you're a lousy businessman.
No, I — and you know why? You know why? 
You know why?
First of all...
... first of all, that's called a...
And by the way — and by the way...
... and by the way...
... I've won most of the lawsuits.
And they actually did a very good job, but I've won most of the lawsuits.
Excuse me. Hey Wolf, let me ask you. Am I allowed to respond to this?
OK. Well let — no, I haven't. I really haven't. [laughter]
Here's a guy — here's a guy that buys a house for $179,000, he sells it to a lobbyist who's probably here for $380,000 and then legislation is passed. You tell me about this guy. This is what we're going to have as president.
No, no, no.
 I took...
That is so wrong. We'll work on that. I took $1 million and I turned into $10 billion.
I borrowed $1 million...
I borrowed $1 million, I turned it into $10 billion...
... more than $10 billion.
I have to say, he lied this time. He lied. 100 percent. 100 percent.
Yes, yes, yes. 38 years ago.
True. [laughter]
True.
No.
First of all, I don't believe anything Telemundo says.
Number one. Number two, I currently employ thousands of Hispanics, and over the years, I've employed tens of thousands of Hispanics. They're incredible people. They know, and the reason I won in Nevada, not only won the big one, but I also won subs, like, as an example, I won with women.
New people are coming into the Republican Party. We are building a new Republican Party, a lot of new people are coming in. 
I love them. I love them. 
They're fine. Do you know what? They're fine.
Why did they take the poll? Why did they...
I'm just telling you, I'm doing very well with Hispanics. And by the way, I settled my suit, as you know, with Univision. It was settled. We're good friends now. It was all settled up. [laughter]
Yes, I would. And I've been there. And I've been there very strongly. I do have to say something, and this is interesting and it's not anybody's fault. It's not Ted's fault. Justice Roberts was strongly recommended and pushed by Ted. Justice Roberts gave us Obamacare. Might as well be called Roberts-care. Two times of the Supreme Court, Justice Roberts approved something that he should have never raised his hand to approve. And we ended up with Obamacare.
Well, let — let me — let me just say — let me just say this. Look, I watched Ted — and I respected it, but he gets nowhere — stand on the Senate floor for a day or two days, and talk and talk and talk.
... excuse me. She's a brilliant judge. He's been criticizing — he's been criticizing my sister for signing a certain bill. You know who else signed that bill? Justice Samuel Alito, a very conservative member of the Supreme Court, with my sister, signed that bill.
When you say crazy zealot, are you talking about you? Crazy zealot — give me a break.
Well, let — let me just say — let me just say, first of all, I have great respect for Justice Scalia. I thought he was terrific. And if you talk about evolving, Ronald Reagan was a somewhat liberal Democrat. Ronald Reagan evolved into a somewhat strong conservative — more importantly, he was a great president. A great president.
I just want to say, I agree with that 100 percent, except pre-existing conditions, I would absolutely get rid of Obamacare. We're going to have something much better, but pre-existing conditions, when I'm referring to that, and I was referring to that very strongly on the show with Anderson Cooper, I want to keep pre- existing conditions.
I think they're wrong 100 percent. What we need — look, the insurance companies take care of the politicians. The insurance companies get what they want. We should have gotten rid of the lines around each state so we can have real competition.
... And, you're going to see — excuse me. You're going to see preexisting conditions and everything else be part of it, but the price will be done, and the insurance companies can pay. Right now they're making a fortune. 
That's going to solve the problem. And, the insurance companies aren't going to say that, they want to keep it. They want to say — they say whatever they have to say to keep it the way it is. I know the insurance companies, they're friends of mine. The top guys, they're friends of mine. I shouldn't tell you guys, you'll say it's terrible, I have a conflict of interest. They're friends of mine, there's some right in the audience. One of them was just waving to me, he was laughing and smiling. He's not laughing so much anymore.
... And, you don't know what it means...
You don't know.
... The biggest problem...
... The biggest problem, I'll have you know...
... You know, I watched him meltdown two weeks ago with Chris Christie. I got to tell you, the biggest problem he's got is he really doesn't know about the lines. The biggest thing we've got, and the reason we've got no competition, is because we have lines around the state, and you have essentially....
... You don't know much...
... The lines around the states...
... and, it was almost done — not now...
... Excuse me. Excuse me.
... You get rid of the lines, it brings in competition. So, instead of having one insurance company taking care of New York, or Texas, you'll have many. They'll compete, and it'll be a beautiful thing.
The nice part of the plan — you'll have many different plans. You'll have competition, you'll have so many different plans.
No, no, no. [laughter, applause, and cheering]

 I watched him repeat himself five times four weeks ago...
I watched him meltdown on the stage like that, I've never seen it in anybody...
... I thought he came out of the swimming pool...
I tell the truth, I tell the truth.
... We're going to have many different plans because...
... competition...
There is going to be competition among all of the states, and the insurance companies. They're going to have many, many different plans.
No, there's nothing to add. [cheering and applause] What is to add?
I do not want socialized medicine, just so you understand. He goes around saying oh, he wants it. I do not want socialized medicine. I do agree with him that it's going to be a disaster, Obamacare, for the economy.
That's false.
No, I said it worked in a couple of countries...
No, I did not. No I did not.
Correct. I will not let people die on the streets if I'm president.
Excuse me. Let me talk. If people...
If people — my plan is very simple. I will not — we're going to have private — we are going to have health care, but I will not allow people to die on the sidewalks and the streets of our country if I'm president. You may let it and you may be fine with it...
... I'm not fine with it. We are going to take those people...
Excuse me. We are going to take those people and those people are going to be serviced by doctors and hospitals. We're going to make great deals on it, but we're not going to let them die in the streets.
You know what? Call it what you want.
Call it what you want, people are not going to be dying on the sidewalk.
Because the country will become a dynamic economy. We'll be dynamic again. If you look at what's going on, we have the highest taxes anywhere in the world. We pay more business tax, we pay more personal tax. We have the highest taxes in the world.
We're going to make many cuts in business. We're getting rid of — we're going to get rid of so many different things. Department of Education — Common Core is out. We're going local. Have to go local. 
Waste, fraud and abuse all over the place. Waste, fraud and abuse. 
I just want to say — and I'm a big fan of the governor, but they also struck oil, OK, so that helped Iowa a lot.
All right. First of all, let me just explain. I was the first one to file a financial disclosure form — almost 100 pages. You don't learn anything about somebody's wealth with a tax return. You learn it from statements.
Are you going to ask anybody else that question?
Every single question comes to me?
I know I'm here for the ratings, but it's a little bit ridiculous. [laughter]
True.
No, I'm not. First of all, very few people listen to your radio show. That's the good news. [laughter]
Eighty-five percent say you, big difference.
So at the beginning, I said openly to everybody that I contribute to many, many politicians, both Republican and Democrat. And I have, over the years. I'm a businessman. I have, over the years.
Nothing.
You — you don't...
I'm not afraid .
... first of all, he's talking about the polls. I'm beating him awfully badly in the polls.
Well, then, if I can't — if — hey, if I can't beat her, you're really going to get killed, aren't you? 
I'm being audited 12 years in a row, at least.
 audited for those years.
Shocking. [laughter]
Right.
Well, first of all, I don't think they do under President Obama because I think he's treated Israel horribly, all right? I think he's treated Israel horribly. 
Well, I can only say — look, I can only say I've been a big contributor to Israel over the years. I've received many, many awards from Israel, as I've said before. I have a great relationship with Israel. And I'm going to keep it that way. And if I could bring peace, that would be a fantastic thing. It would be one of my greatest achievements as president.
I'm a negotiator. I've done very well over the years through negotiation. It's very important that we do that. In all fairness, Marco is not a negotiator. I watched him melt down and I'll tell you, it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. He's not going down — excuse me...
... wait a minute, and these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie. OK?
OK, no, no, no — a deal is a deal. Let me tell you that. I learned a long time ago.
You are not a negotiator. You are not a negotiator. 
... Excuse me, I want to be able to bring peace...
He will never be able to do it. I think I may be able to do it, although I will say this. Probably the toughest deal of any kind is that particular deal.
One thing I'd like to add to what the Governor's saying, I think that we are now in a position — are $19 trillion dollars because of the horrible omnibus budget that was approved six weeks ago, it's going to be $21 trillion dollars. We can no longer defend all of these countries, Japan, Germany, South Korea.
I really don't because it not working and the countries aren't agreeing to it and the rebels aren't agreeing and Syria is not agreeing. So It's a meaningless ceasefire.
Again, I think I gave them both checks to be exactly honest. I think they both liked me very much. But the fact is that ...
Well, I think Bush did a hell of a bad as far as that's concerned. You know it and so do I.
Be honest. Be honest. No, this was before. The check came early.
I never said walk away. I wouldn't want to walk away. I want them to pay us much more money. We cannot afford to subsidize...
A lot. I'll negotiate a lot more money than you'll ever get.
Well, look, my response is very simple. There is nobody on this stage that has done more for Israel than I have. Nobody. You might say, you might talk, you're politicians, all talk, no action. 
What I've seen up here — I mean, first of all, this guy is a choke artist, and this guy is a liar. You have a combination...
You have a combination of factors. He can't do it...
... for the obvious reason, and he can't do it because he doesn't know how to tell the truth. Other than that, I rest my case.
I watched — I watched......the lobbyists. I watched what this man did to Dr. Ben Carson, who I respect, in Iowa, where he said that Ben Carson is out of the race — he has left Iowa and he's out of the race. And I thought it was disgraceful.
I know politicians — I know politicians, believe it or not, better than you do. And it's not good.
I funded you. I funded him. Can you believe it? 
I funded this guy. I gave him a check.
I gave him a check. He never funded me.
You know why? I didn't want to, but he sent me his book with his autograph...
Mr. Trump, you're doing a great job. I have his book.
Thank you — thank you for the book. Go ahead.
This is a lot of fun up here tonight, I have to tell you. 
Go ahead. I'm relaxed. You're the basket case.  Go ahead.
Go ahead. Don't get nervous.
Go ahead. 
I've seen you.
You're losing so badly you — I want to...
... I — you don't know what's happening. 
First of all, you're talking about a border that's many, many times longer. You're talking about a massive border.
Thank you.
Well, I can say this. If the president, and if I were president now, I would certainly want to try and nominate a justice. I'm sure that, frankly, I'm absolutely sure that President Obama will try and do it. I hope that our Senate is going to be able — Mitch, and the entire group, is going to be able to do something about it.
... I think he's going to do it whether or I'm O.K. with it or not. I think it's up to Mitch McConnell and everybody else to stop it. It's called delay, delay, delay. 
What we want to do, when we want to do it, and how hard do we want to hit? Because we are going to have to hit very, very hard to knock out ISIS.
... called me a genius, I like him so far, I have to tell you. Let me just tell you this.
... You'll end up with World War III...
... We're supporting troops...
... that we don't even know who they are.
... We're supporting troops that we don't even know who they are...
We have no idea who they are.
... Oh, yeah, yeah...
... Let 44 million in New Hampshire, it was practically ...
... 44 million — give me a break.
First of all, I have to say, as a businessman, I get along with everybody. I have business all over the world. [booing]
George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes. But that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East.
You do whatever you want. You call it whatever you want. I want to tell you. They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction, there were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass destruction. [booing]
I'm being nice.
He spent $22 million in...
The World Trade Center came down during your brother's reign, remember that. [booing]
That's not keeping us safe.
She should be running.
How did he keep us safe when the World Trade Center — the World — excuse me. I lost hundreds of friends. The World Trade Center came down during the reign of George Bush. He kept us safe? That is not safe. That is not safe, Marco. That is not safe.
And George Bush — by the way, George Bush had the chance, also, and he didn't listen to the advice of his C.I.A.
I don't want to go. [laughter]
Yes.
First of all, the — when you say I'm the only candidate, if you listen to the Democrats, they want to do many things to Social Security, and I want to do them on its own merit. You listen to them, what they want to do to Social Security, none of these folks are getting elected, O.K., whether they can do it or not. I'm going to save Social Security. I'm going to bring jobs back from China. I'm going to bring jobs back from Mexico and from Japan, where they're all — every country throughout the world — now Vietnam, that's the new one.
I'm the only one who is going to save Social Security, believe me.
Because you have tremendous waste. I'll tell you...
You have tremendous waste, fraud and abuse. That we're taking care of. That we're taking care of. It's tremendous. We have in Social Security right now thousands and thousands of people that are over 106 years old. Now, you know they don't exist. They don't exist. There's tremendous waste, fraud and abuse, and we're going to get it. But we're not going to hurt the people who have been paying into Social Security their whole life and then all of a sudden they're supposed to get less. We're bringing our jobs back. We're going to make our economy great again.
I want everybody taken care of, but we have to take care of our people in this country. We're not taking care of our people. We have no border. We have no control. People are flooding across. We can't have it. We either have a border, and I'm very strongly — I'm not proposing. I will build a wall. I will build a wall.
Look......When I announced that I was running for president on June 16th, illegal immigration wasn't even a subject. If I didn't bring it up, we wouldn't even be talking. Now, I don't often agree with Marco, and I don't often agree with Ted, but I can in this case. The weakest person on this stage by far on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush. They come out of an act of love, whether you like it or not. He is so weak on illegal immigration it's laughable, and everybody knows it.
... Spend a little more money on the commercials...
. I don't know what you're talking about.
... I never called him — I don't call him..
He also said about language...
... Language. Two days ago he said he would take his pants off and moon everybody, and that's fine. Nobody reports that. He gets up and says that, and then he tells me, oh, my language was a little bit rough...
... My language. Give me a break...
... You did say it, you did say it. Been reported in 10 different news...
Or a tax.
I would build consensus with Congress, and Congress would agree with me. I'll give you an example, because I don't like the idea of using executive orders like our president. It is a disaster what he's doing. I would build consensus, but consensus means you have to work hard. You have to cajole. You have to get them into the Oval Office and get them all together, and you have to make deals.
John, in life you have flexibility. You do have flexibility. When you're fighting wars, you're going one way, you have a plan. It's a beautiful plan. It can't lose. The enemy makes a change, and all of a sudden you have to change.
Well, I think these people always hit me with eminent domain, and frankly, I'm not in love with eminent domain. But eminent domain is something you need very strongly.
Yeah. Well, Jeb wouldn't have known about it.
You shouldn't have used it then, Jeb.
Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
You probably are worse than Jeb Bush. You are single biggest liar. This guy's lied — let me just tell you, this guy lied about Ben Carson when he took votes away from Ben Carson in Iowa, and he just continues. Today, we had robo-calls saying, "Donald Trump is not going to run in South Carolina," where I'm leading by a lot.
He's a nasty guy.
Where did I support it? Where did I...
Again, where did I support it?
Hey Ted, where I support it?
Where did I support?
That's a lot of lies.
It does do wonderful things, but not as it relates to abortion.
Excuse me. Excuse me, there are wonderful things having to do with women's health.
But not when it comes to abortion.
Hold on...
Ted Cruz told your brother that he wanted John Roberts to be on the United States Supreme Court. They both pushed him, he twice approved Obamacare.
O.K., governor.
You pushed him. You pushed him.
You worked with him and you pushed him. Why do you lie?
Why do you lie?
You pushed him.
Yeah, yeah, I know, you're an adult.
Well, I would say my wife tells me I'm wrong all the time. And I listen. [laughter]
Oh, let me just say — look, I am very open — I hired top people. I've had great success. I built a great, great company. I don't need to do this. I'm self-funding. I'm spending a lot of money. I've spent — like in New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in No. 1.
Well, I'll tell you — over the years, I've made many speeches. People have asked me, big companies have asked me to make speeches, and friends of mine that run big companies on success.
That's not — let me respond. That's another lie. I never went bankrupt!
No, but it's another lie.
No, but it's another lie. This guy doesn't know what he's talking about. Just a lie.
Let me just tell you. Jeb goes around saying, just like the biggest business leaders in this country, I've used the laws of the land to chapter — I bought a company, I threw it immediately into a chapter, I made a great deal. I uses the laws to my benefit, because I run a company.
Excuse me, Jeb!
I never went bankrupt, never.
And you haven't — excuse me, you haven't heard that. You listen to the good record in Florida. You take a look at what happened, as soon as that year ended he got out, Florida crashed. Too much debt.
By the way...
... he was not a good governor.
Take a look at your numbers.
Florida went down the tubes right after he got out of office.
Went right down because of what he did to it.
Thank you.
I actually think I have the best temperament. I built a massive corporation. I employ thousands and thousands of people. I've gotten along with people for years and years, have tremendous relationships with many people, including politicians on both sides. And no matter how you cut it, when I — when I came out, I hit immigration, I hit it very hard. Everybody said, "Oh, the temperament," because I talked about illegal immigration.
Am I allowed to respond? I have to respond.
First of all, I respect what Ted just said, but if you noticed, he didn't answer your question. And that's what's going to happen — OK. 
Well, let me say a couple of things. First of all, Marco said earlier on that President Obama knows exactly what he's doing, like we have this president that really knows. I disagree, respectfully, with Marco.
Good.
As to North Korea?
We have — tremendous — has been just sucked out of our country by China. China says they don't have that good of control over North Korea. They have tremendous control. I deal with the Chinese all of the time. I do tremendous — the largest bank in the world is in one of my buildings in Manhattan.
Good evening.
Yes.
I don't think I am. I think I'm closer to common sense. We are going to repeal Obamacare. 
Well, let me just tell you about eminent domain because almost all of these people actually criticize it, but so many people have hit me with commercials and other things about eminent domain.
Yes.
Jeb wants to be — he wants to be a tough guy tonight. I didn't take the property.
I didn't take the property.
The woman ultimately didn't want to do that. I walked away.
Well, let me just — you know, he wants to be a tough guy. A lot of times, you'll have — you'll have — and it didn't work very well.
A lot of time — let me talk. Quiet. A lot of times — a lot of times...
... you — let me talk. Let me talk. Quiet. A lot of times...[booing]...that's all of his donors and special interests out there. [booing]
No — no, let me ask you, Jeb.  Do you consider the Keystone pipeline private?
Is it public or private?
Real — a public use?
No, it's a private job.
It's a private job.
You wouldn't have the Keystone pipeline that you want so badly without eminent domain.
You wouldn't have massive — excuse me, Josh — you wouldn't have massive factories without eminent domain. [booing]
Well, I think I am, and to me, I view the word conservative as a derivative I — of — of the word conserve. We want to converse our money. We want to conserve our wealth. We want to conserve. We want to be smart. We want to be smart where we go, where we spend, how we spend. We want to conserve our country. We want to save our country. And we have people that have no idea how to do that and they are not doing it, and it's a very important word and it's something I believe in very, very strongly.
Well, before I go there, I will tell you, I will bring jobs back from China. I will bring jobs back from Japan. I will bring jobs back from Mexico, where New Hampshire, by the way, has been virtually wiped out. They've lost so many businesses going to Mexico because of horrible trade deals. And now we're about to sign another trade deal, TPP, which is going to be a disaster for this country because they don't talk about monetary manipulation. It is going to be a disaster.
Well, four years ago, I said, bomb the oil and take the oil. And if we did that, they wouldn't have the wealth they have right now. Now, I still say the same thing, because we're doing little pinpricks. We're not even bombing — if somebody's driving a truck, they give notice to the person driving the truck, "we're going to bomb." If they don't get out of the truck, the truck sails away with the oil.
You have to go in — first of all, when you take away their money, when you take away their wealth, that'll very much weaken — and it will happen fairly fast.
Well, I'll tell you what. In the Middle East, we have people chopping the heads off Christians, we have people chopping the heads off many other people. We have things that we have never seen before — as a group, we have never seen before, what's happening right now.
... No, a good deal maker will make great deals, but we'll do it the way our founders thought it should be done. People get together, they make deals. Ronald Reagan did it with Tip O'Neil very successfully, you didn't hear so much about executive orders, if you heard about it at all. You have to be able to get a consensus.
Some?
Well...
Yes. OK, good. It looked like he was looking right at me, right there.
Well, there is a divide, but I have to say that the police are absolutely mistreated and misunderstood, and if there is an incident, whether it's an incident done purposely — which is a horror, and you should really take very strong action — or if it is a mistake, it's on your news casts all night, all week, all month, and it never ends.
Well, they do. And, you know, they sue. Everybody sues, right? They see excessive — I mean, they go out, they sue. We have so much litigation — I see the courts, I see what they're doing. They sue, and you know what? We don't want excessive force. But at what point — you know, either you're going to have a police force that can do its job...
Well, I — I know Diane Foley very well. Her husband and — these are tremendous people. I spoke for them, I raised a lot of money for the foundation. I fully understand, James, one of — that was really the first that we saw, really visually saw — it was so horrible.
Carolina.
That's because he got Ben Carson's votes, by the way, but we won't . Our country that we love so much doesn't win anymore. We don't win with the military, we don't' win on the border. You look at New Hampshire with the tremendous problem we have with heroin. Number one thing I hear from the people of New Hampshire, who I love, and developed such relationships, we don't win with healthcare. We don't win with trade.
It's not fear and terror, it's reality. You just have to look today at Indonesia, bombings all over. 
But I was born here.
. Big difference.
OK, good. Because it wouldn't work.
... first of all, let me just tell you something — and you know, because you just saw the numbers yourself — NBC Wall Street Journal just came out with a poll — headline Trump way up, Cruz going down. I mean, so don't — so you can't — you can't...[booing]...they don't like the Wall Street Journal. They don't like NBC, but I like the poll. [laughter]
Because now he's going a little bit better. No, I didn't care . It's true. No, it's true. Hey look, he never had a chance. Now, he's doing better. He's got probably a four or five percent chance. [laughter]
The fact is, there is a big overhang. There's a big question mark on your head. And you can't do that to the party. You really can't. You can't do that to the party. You have to have certainty. Even if it was a one percent chance, and it's far greater than one percent because .
You don't have to. Take it from Lawrence Tribe.  
He's wrong. He's wrong.
He is not the only one.
There are many lawyers.
No — no...[laughter]... I think if it doesn't...  I like that. I like it. I'd consider it. But I think I'll go back to building buildings if it doesn't work out.
I have a feeling it's going to work out, actually.
Okay. First of all, Nikki this afternoon said I'm a friend of hers. Actually a close friend. And wherever you are sitting Nikki, I'm a friend. We're friends. That's good. [laughter] But she did say there was anger. And I could say, oh, I'm not angry. I'm very angry because our country is being run horribly and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger. Our military is a disaster. 
No. I am a 2nd amendment person. If we had guns in California on the other side where the bullets went in the different direction, you wouldn't have 14 or 15 people dead right now.
You get the Congress. You get the Senate. You get together. You do legislation. He just writes out an order, executive order. It's not supposed to happen that way. 
So conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan, including William F. Buckley and others, just so you understand. 
No. [laughter] No. 
Eleven points, to be exact.
I want security for this country. OK? 
That's wrong. They were wrong. It's the New York Times, they are always wrong.
They were wrong.
No, I said, " I would use — " they were asking me what to do about North Korea. China, they don't like to tell us but they have total control — just about, of North Korea. They can solve the problem of North Korea if they wanted to but they taunt us.
We've lost anywhere between four and seven million jobs because of China. What I said then was, "we have very unfair trade with China. We're going to have a trade deficit of 505 billion dollars this year with China." A lot of that is because they devalue their currency.
It's not that complicated actually.
OK, just so you understand — I know so much about trading about with China. Carl Icahn today as you know endorsed. Many businessmen want to endorse me.
Carl said, "no, no — " but he's somebody — these are the kind of people that we should use to negotiate and not the China people that we have who are political hacks who don't know what they're doing and we have problems like this. If these are the kinds of people — we should use our best and our finest.
I'm totally open to a tariff. If they don't treat us fairly, hey, their whole trade is tariffed. You can't deal in China without tariffs. They do it to us, we don't it. It's not fair trade.
I'm happy to have him tonight...[laughter]
Neil, the problem...
... with what Marco is saying is that it takes too long, they're sucking us dry and it takes too long. It would just — you absolutely have to get involved with China, they are taking so much of what we have in terms of jobs in terms of money. We just can't do it any longer.
You looking at me?
Can I tell you what? It will never happen because they'll let their currency go up. They're never going to let it happen.
And we don't need a weak person being president of the United State, OK? Because that's what we'd get if it were Jeb — I tell you what, we don't need that.
We don't need that. That's essentially what we have now, and we don't need that. And that's why we're in the trouble that we're in now. And by the way, Jeb you mentioned Boeing, take a look. They order planes, they make Boeing build their plant in China. They don't want them made here. They want those planes made in China.
That's not the way the game is supposed to be played.
No, the new planes. I'm not talking about now, I'm talking about in the future they're building massive plants in China because China does not want Boeing building their planes here, they want them built in China, because China happens to be smart the way they do it, not the way we do it.
I'll check for you.
Maria — Maria, what you were talking about just now is called corporate inversion. It's one of the biggest problems our country has. Right now, corporations, by the thousands, are thinking of leaving our country with the jobs — leave them behind.
Thank you.
Well, it's an interesting question because I'm very proud of my company. As you too know, I know I built a very great company. But if I become president, I couldn't care less about my company. It's peanuts.
I would put it in a blind trust. Well, I don't know if it's a blind trust if Ivanka, Don and Eric run it. If that's a blind trust, I don't know. But I would probably have my children run it with my executives and I wouldn't ever be involved because I wouldn't care about anything but our country, anything.
Thank you.
I stood yesterday with 75 construction workers. They're tough, they're strong, they're great people. Half of them had tears pouring down their face. They were watching the humiliation of our young ten sailors, sitting on the floor with their knees in a begging position, their hands up.
Thank you.
We are not talking about isolation. We're talking about security. We're not talking about religion. We're talking about security. Our country is out of control. People are pouring across the southern border. I will build a wall. It will be a great wall. People will not come in unless they come in legally. Drugs will not pour through that wall.
Jeb doesn't really believe I'm unhinged. He said that very simply because he has failed in this campaign. It's been a total disaster. Nobody cares. And frankly, I'm the most solid person up here. I built a tremendous company and all I want to do is make America great again.
Well, look, this is so easy to answer. ISIS is recruiting through the Internet. ISIS is using the Internet better than we are using the Internet, and it was our idea. What I wanted to do is I wanted to get our brilliant people from Silicon Valley and other places and figure out a way that ISIS cannot do what they're doing.
I would certainly be open to closing areas where we are at war with somebody. I sure as hell don't want to let people that want to kill us and kill our nation use our Internet. Yes, sir, I am.
We have to be much tougher. We have to be much stronger than we've been. We have people that know what is going on. You take a look at just the attack in California the other day. There were numerous people, including the mother, that knew what was going on.
Look, the problem is we need toughness. Honestly, I think Jeb is a very nice person. He's a very nice person. But we need tough people. We need toughness. We need intelligence and we need tough.
Am I talking or are you talking, Jeb?
You can go back. You're not talking. You interrupted me.
Are you going to apologize, Jeb? No. Am I allowed to finish?
Excuse me, am I allowed to finish?
So...
... again... 
I know you're trying to build up your energy, Jeb, but it's not working very well. [laughter]
Look, look, look. We need a toughness. We need strength. We're not respected, you know, as a nation anymore. We don't have that level of respect that we need. And if we don't get it back fast, we're just going to go weaker, weaker and just disintegrate.
With Jeb's attitude, we will never be great again, that I can tell you. We will never be great again.
So, they can kill us, but we can't kill them? That's what you're saying. And as far as the Internet is concerned, we're not talking about closing the Internet. I'm talking about parts of Syria, parts of Iraq, where ISIS is, spotting it.
In my opinion, we've spent $4 trillion trying to topple various people that frankly, if they were there and if we could've spent that $4 trillion in the United States to fix our roads, our bridges, and all of the other problems; our airports and all of the other problems we've had, we would've been a lot better off. I can tell you that right now.
Well, there's nothing to respond to. Well, people feel differently. I mean, the fact is Benghazi was a disaster because of Libya, everything just fell into place. It could not have been worse.
Now, all of a sudden everybody's saying, "take the oil." It wasn't so fashionable to take the oil six months ago. I've been saying it for years.
I think Assad is a bad guy, a very bad guy, all right? Lots of people killed. I think we are backing people we have no idea who they are. The rebels, we call them the rebels, the patriotic rebels. We have no idea. A lot of people think, Hugh, that they are ISIS.
I think it's very sad that CNN leads Jeb Bush, Governor Bush, down a road by starting off virtually all the questions, "Mr. Trump this, Mister" — I think it's very sad. And, frankly, I watched — I think it's very sad. And, frankly, I watched the first debate, and the first long number of questions were, "Mr. Trump said this, Mr. Trump said that. Mr. Trump" — these poor guys — although, I must tell you, Santorum, good guy. Governor Huckabee, good guy. They were very nice, and I respect them greatly. But I thought it was very unfair that virtually the entire early portion of the debate was Trump this, Trump that, in order to get ratings, I guess. In order to get ratings, I guess.
I just think it's very — excuse me.
Excuse me. I think it's very unprofessional.
Well, I think it's very unprofessional.
OK, fine.
This isn't tough and easy. I wish it...
I wish it was always this easy as you, Jeb.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I know. You're a tough guy, Jeb. I know.
You're tough.
Well, let's see. I'm at 42, and you're at 3. So, so far, I'm doing better.
So far, I'm doing better. You know, you started off over here, Jeb. You're moving over further and further. Pretty soon you're going to be off the end...
I believe I did.
I have a very hardline position, we have a country or we don't have a country. People that have come into our country illegally, they have to go. They have to come back into through a legal process.
Well, first of all, I think we need somebody absolutely that we can trust, who is totally responsible; who really knows what he or she is doing. That is so powerful and so important. And one of the things that I'm frankly most proud of is that in 2003, 2004, I was totally against going into Iraq because you're going to destabilize the Middle East. I called it. I called it very strongly. And it was very important.
I think — I think, for me, nuclear is just the power, the devastation is very important to me.
I did.
Let me just say that I have gotten to know him over the last three or four days. He has a wonderful temperament. [laughter]
You better not attack...[laughter]
I really am. I'll be honest, I really am. 
Let me just. Can I just finish my...
I've gained great respect for the Republican leadership. I've gained great respect for many — and I'm going to even say — I mean, in different forms for the people on the dais, in different forms. [laughter] In different forms.
Our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win on trade. We don't win on the military. We can't defeat ISIS. We're not taking care of our great people, the veterans. We're not taking care of them.
I can't be Neil. And the and the reason I can't be is that we are a country that is being beaten on every front economically, militarily. There is nothing that we do now to win. We don't win anymore. Our taxes are too high. I've come up with a tax plan that many, many people like very much. It's going to be a tremendous plan. I think it'll make our country and our economy very dynamic.
I would not do it. 
I was so happy yesterday when I saw that decision come down. That was an unbelievable decision. 
You are going to have to bring people — you are going to have to send people out. Look, we're a country...
Maria, we're a country of laws. We either have a country or we don't have a country. We are a country of laws. Going to have to go out and they will come back but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back.
All I can say is, you're lucky in Ohio that you struck oil. That is for one thing. [laughter]
No, it's unfair.
... built an unbelievable company worth billions and billions of dollars. I don't have to hear from this man, believe me. I don't have to hear from him.
We have millions of people right now on line trying to come into this country. Very, very unfair to the people that want to come into our country legally. They've gone through the process. They're on line. They're waiting. Very, very unfair to them. That I can tell you. 
Yes.
No, I'm sorry. No, excuse me. I was there.
Please, if I could just...
We have to make our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before so that nobody messes with us, and a long run, it's going to save us. I agree with Marco, I agree with Ted, we have no choice. And, I can tell you this with certainty. We all have a different tax plan. Some I don't totally agree with.
...Yes...
...Yeah...
...It's a horrible deal...
The TPP is horrible deal. It is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble. It's a deal that was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone. It's 5,600 pages long. So complex that nobodies read it. It's like Obamacare; nobody ever read it. They passed it; nobody read it. And look at mess we have right now. And it will be repealed.
Yes. Well, the currency manipulation they don't discuss in the agreement, which is a disaster. If you look at the way China and India and almost everybody takes advantage of the United States — China in particular, because they're so good. It's the number-one abuser of this country. And if you look at the way they take advantage, it's through currency manipulation. It's not even discussed in the almost 6,000-page agreement. It's not even discussed.
And as you understand, I mean, you understand very well from the Wall Street Journal, currency manipulation is the single great weapon people have. They don't even discuss it in this agreement.
Well, first of all, it's not only Russia. We have problems with North Korea where they actually have nuclear weapons. You know, nobody talks about it, we talk about Iran, and that's one of the worst deals ever made. One of the worst contracts ever signed, ever, in anything, and it's a disgrace. But, we have somebody over there, a madman, who already has nuclear weapons we don't talk about that. That's a problem.
...They blew up — hold it....
...They blew up, wait a minute... [audience reaction] ...They blew up a Russian airplane. He cannot be in love with these people. He's going in, and we can go in, and everybody should go in. As far as the Ukraine is concerned, we have a group of people, and a group of countries, including Germany — tremendous economic behemoth — why are we always doing the work?
Assad is a bad guy, but we have no idea who the so-called rebels — I read about the rebels, nobody even knows who they are. I spoke to a general two weeks ago, he said — he was very up on exactly what we're talking about. He said, "You know, Mr. Trump? We're giving hundreds of millions of dollars of equipment to these people, we have no idea who they are."
Why does she keep interrupting everybody? [laughter]
We are not.
...No, no, no...
Well, what's happening right now, Neil, is something that not been a subject of conversation by politicians. As primarily the only politician, I guess other than Carly on the stage, they haven't talked about a corporate inversion. A corporate inversion — companies are leaving. You know, we used to leave New York to go to Florida. We got better taxes, we got, maybe, something else.
Thank you. Over the years, I've created tens of thousands of jobs and a great company. It's a company I'm very proud of. Some of the most iconic assets anywhere in the world. And I will tell you, I don't have to give you a website because I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money.
I think maybe my greatest weakness is that I trust people too much. I'm too trusting. And when they let me down, if they let me down, I never forgive. I find it very, very hard to forgive people that deceived me. So I don't know if you would call that a weakness, but my wife said "let up." [laughter]
Right.
Right.
That's right.
No, not a comic book, and it's not a very nicely asked question the way you say that.
... believe me the world is peanuts by comparison.
Right. Dynamically.
Then you have to get rid of Larry Kudlow, who sits on your panel, who's a great guy, who came out the other day and said, I love Trump's tax plan.
First of all, John got lucky with a thing called fracking, OK? He hit oil. He got lucky with fracking. Believe me, that is why Ohio is doing well. Number — and that is important for you to know.
I think you're — 
Well, first of all, like many other very big businessmen, I could name them here, but I'm not going to do that for a lot of obvious reasons, but the biggest, and almost all of them, they've all used the chapter laws, the bankruptcy laws to their own benefit.
Thank you.
I was not at all critical of him. I was not at all. In fact, frankly, he's complaining about the fact that we're losing some of the most talented people. They go to Harvard. They go to Yale. They go to Princeton. They come from another country and they're immediately sent out.
So I have nothing at all critical of him.
Probably, I don't know — you people write the stuff. I don't know where you... [laughter] 
I never said that. I never said that.
You've got another gentleman in Florida, who happens to be a very nice guy, but not...
... he's really doing some bad...
I'm in favor of people coming into this country legally. And you know what? They can have it anyway you want. You can call it visas, you can call it work permits, you can call it anything you want. I've created tens of thousands of jobs, and in all due respect — and actually some of these folks I really like a lot — but I'm the only one that can say that. I have created tens of thousands of jobs, and I'll be creating many millions of jobs if I'm given — if I'm given the opportunity to be president.
Yes.
Or somebody else. Right.
Yes, I might feel more comfortable. I would say that I would and I have a permit, which is very unusual in New York — a permit to carry. And I do carry on occasion, sometimes a lot. But I like to be unpredictable so that people don't know exactly... [laughter]
By the way, unlike our country where we're totally predictable and the enemy, whether it's ISIS or anybody else, they know exactly what we're doing because we have the wrong leadership. 
I would change them. I would change them.
Such a nasty — such a nasty question, but thank you, Governor.
Yes, it's very simple. We're going to make a really dynamic economy from what we have right now, which is not at all dynamic. We're going to bring jobs back from Japan, we're going to bring jobs back from China, we're going to bring, frankly, jobs back from Mexico where, as you probably saw, Nabisco is leaving Chicago with one of their biggest plants, and they're moving it to Mexico.
Our country doesn't win anymore. We used to win, we don't win anymore. We lose on trade. We lose with ISIS. We lose with one of the worst deals I've ever seen negotiated of any kind, that's our recent catastrophe with Iran. We don't win.
And, I'll do that with the country. We will make America great again. And, thank you everybody. Just for the record.
That's not right. That is absolutely not right. You know that. That is not right.
I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether.
Well, first of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be on this stage. He's number 11, he's got 1 percent in the polls, and how he got up here, there's far too many people anyway.
I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there. [laughter] That I can tell you.
I've actually been in politics all my life, although I've been on that side as opposed to this side. I'm now a politician for about three months. Obviously, I'm doing pretty well. I'm number one in every poll by a lot.
But I have to say...
Well, in Wisconsin...
Excuse me.
In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now.
I would do so much better than that.
No.
I'm using facts.
Every major business leader has used the — I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we — hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've used
Every major business leader, has used the — I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But — hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business. I did a very good job.
I didn't —
Totally false.
I would have gotten it.
I promise I would have gotten it.
I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it.
I know my people.
I know my people.
No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him. I — a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people.
That's true. That's true.
I was — excuse me, Jeb.
I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people.
I didn't want to — excuse me. One second.
OK, more energy tonight. I like that. [laughter]
I didn't want — it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.
Got along with everybody.
Wrong.
Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on.
Don't make things up.
So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.
I believe that I will get along — we will do — between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations.
I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason.
They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here...
I think they had a responsibility, yes.
Jeb, just...
I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely. He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.
So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it?
I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it?
You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it.
You said it.
I think she's got a beautiful face, and I think she's a beautiful woman.
Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.
...By the way, I agree with — with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.
Correct.
Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman...
I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization...
Good.
No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong.
But I do hear she's a lovely woman.
Jeb said...
... that they come into our country as an act of love.
Not with this intensity.
As I said, we are spending $200 billion — we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back.
Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent.
This is a reporter, not a high school kid.
Well, first of all, the — the 14th Amendment says very, very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars — not television scholars, but legal scholars — that it is wrong. It can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even need that.
I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not.
That's true, sure.
Well —
— let me — well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster. They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe.
I never filed for bankruptcy.
I'll tell you why; it's very simple.
I'll tell you. I was running —
— Carly, Carly —
— I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company — Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you — it's not Chris' fault either — but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for — maybe I'll blame Chris.
But Atlantic City is a disaster —
Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it.
— they have used the laws of the land, which is the —
...Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond...
Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the — because it's so complicated.
Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done.
And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word.
Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that?
OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet.
I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.
No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean...
I don't think he's suggesting that at all.
Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.
I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this — and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But...
Listen, just one second. Just one second.
I will know...
...I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess.

 I'm — and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment.
Just excuse me, one second, Rand...
If you don't mind, Rand — you know, you are on last — you do have your 1 percent.
... was you're going to — you're going to destabilize...
... the Middle East, and that's what happened.
If you think about it...
Your brother — and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.
I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe.
Or the collapse of the economy.
Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people.
As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana.
Well, I — I — I'd like to respond.
I'd like to respond.
Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.
But just in — in little sections.
I think — and I think you're going to have — I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.
And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.
Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here. 
Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.
Humble. [laughter and applause]
If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs. We'll have more of everything.
I fully understand.
I fully understand.
I cannot say. I have to respect the person that, if it's not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and I'm leading by quite a bit, that's what I want to do. I can totally make that pledge. If I'm the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. But -- and I am discussing it with everybody, but I'm, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. I want to run as the Republican nominee.
Well, I've given him plenty of money.
I will not make the pledge at this time.
Only Rosie O'Donnell. [laughter]
Thank you.
Yes, I'm sure it was.
I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. 
So, if it weren't for me, you wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration, Chris. You wouldn't even be talking about it.  This was not a subject that was on anybody's mind until I brought it up at my announcement. And I said, Mexico is sending. Except the reporters, because they're a very dishonest lot, generally speaking, in the world of politics, they didn't cover my statement the way I said it.
Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is what's happening. Because our leaders are stupid. Our politicians are stupid.
A complete disaster, yes.
Correct.
First of all, I'd like to just go back to one. In July of 2004, I came out strongly against the war with Iraq, because it was going to destabilize the Middle East. And I'm the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it. And that's exactly what happened.
And the Middle East became totally destabilized. So I just want to say.
I'm not -- I'm not are -- I don't think you heard me. You're having a hard time tonight.
You'd better believe it.
If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I've given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.
Many of them.
Not much.
But I...
I have good...
Good.
Sounds good. Sounds good to me, Governor.
And that's a broken system.
Well, I'll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding.
Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that I've done, hundreds, on four occasions I've taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. I'm not going to name their names because I'm not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they've used the law.
Well, I...
Let me just tell you about the lenders. First of all, these lenders aren't babies. These are total killers. These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK? [laughter and applause] You know, I mean you're living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth.  And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt. [laughter] Every company.
And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess.
I don't think they like me very much. I'll tell you what. I've evolved on many issues over the years. And you know who else has? Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues.
First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. He is a true gentleman. He really is.
I would be so different from what you have right now. Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesn't have a clue. I would say he's incompetent, but I don't want to do that because that's not nice. [laughter]
Our country is in serious trouble. We don't win anymore.
Thank you very much.
