LOSER From the historic "Los Angeles Times" headquarters building and the Harry Chandler Auditorium, good evening and welcome.

This is the ninth occasion in which Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley will have responded to questions in their quest for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination. We thank the "Los Angeles Times" for cosponsoring this evening.

Both campaign staffs have agreed to the following rules for this 90-minute debate. Each candidate will have one minute to respond to a question and then 30 seconds for a rebuttal. Now, most questions will come from a group of undecided Democratic voters selected here in California by the "Los Angeles Times."

A coin toss has determined that the first question goes to Senator Bradley — sir.

AUDIENCE Steve Tidalbaum, Santa Monica, California.

Many Americans were very happy to hear Senator McCain condemn the Christian far right leadership for their derisive effects on American politics. Would you each be willing to echo what the senator said about that, and even take it a step farther?

LOSER Well, first, let me thank the "Los Angeles Times" and CNN for hosting this debate. I'm very pleased to be in this building again. I've been in this building many times with the editorial board on California water, on international trade issues, on diversity issues. I am very pleased to be here and have a chance to debate Al one more time in this setting.

Let me say to you, I think that we have a country where there is freedom of religion, and I think that there should be freedom of religion. I think that the far right has gone too far time after time after time on social issues, and has tried to dominate this country with their particular viewpoint. I think it's important to resist that. I've always resisted that. As a United States senator, I've never voted in ways that they wanted. And I would be very emphatic in saying that religion should not be a part of politics.

WINNER Well, let me respond to the same question, and thank you for asking it. I would also like to thank the "L.A. Times" and CNN for hosting this debate and the people of Los Angeles and Mayor Riordan for hosting us here. All Democrats are looking forward to the convention out here.

You know, I thought that Senator McCain's speech made a very powerful point, and I agree with him on a lot of the points that he made. I agree with him in his advocacy of campaign finance reform. I agree with him in taking on big tobacco and the special interests, but I think his speech illustrated that the Republican Party today is in the midst of an identity crisis. They're trying to figure out who they are. And frankly, he was introduced by Gary Bauer for that speech. Both he and Governor Bush are for taking away a woman's right to choose. Neither had the guts to speak out against the confederate flag flying above the state capitol building in South Carolina. Both are in the hip pocket of the NRA. So I agreed with the speech as far as it went.

LOSER Time.

Senator Bradley, for 30 seconds.

LOSER I think that if you look at what the two Republican candidates have done, they have gone to South Carolina, and Governor Bush has gone to Bob Jones University, the university that practices racial discrimination, and he's gone there to give a speech on the new conservatism. Based on going there and sending that symbolic message, I believe that the new conservatism, from his standpoint, is not a lot different than the old conservatism.

WINNER I want to make one other point. James Madison in the Federalist Papers pointed out that what he called faction — the word we would use now is maybe "ultrapartisanship" — can stir passions that come about because of relatively small differences, and then can unleash an amount of energy that is seemingly out of all proportion to the cause of the disagreement. And I think that some on the extreme right have allowed themselves to get carried away by so much hostility toward the people they disagree with that they've lost perspective.

LOSER Mr. Vice president, you have the next question?

WINNER All right.

AUDIENCE Hello, Noreen Robin, Los Angeles, California.

If elected president, what criteria would you use to select the new Supreme Court justices?

WINNER I would look for justices of the Supreme Court who understand that our Constitution is a living and breathing document, that it was intended by our founders to be interpreted in the light of the constantly evolving experience of the American people. The right of privacy, just to take one example, was found by Justice Blackman in the Constitution, even though the precise words are not there.

You know, the proof that it should be a living and breathing document can be seen in the progressive unfolding of the American dream throughout the last 211 years of our republic. Thomas Jefferson wrote the powerful words of our declaration, but didn't absorb them in as hard enough to free our slaves. Our founders created a work of genius in the Constitution, but didn't absorb the meaning deeply enough to give women the right to vote. We now understand that these things are part and parcel of the Constitution, and the next president will point probably — will appoint probably three justices of the Supreme Court, and that makes this court one of the major issues in this election.

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER Other than war and peace, I think that the appointment that the president makes to the Supreme Court is the most lasting contribution that a president ever makes, and therefore, I believe it is imperative that the president search to find people of real integrity, people of intellectual integrity, people who have unquestioned ability, people who have a kind of historical perspective, somebody that's able to see a context in the times in which they live, but not someone whose lopped into an original interpretation of the Constitution as if 1787 is the year 2000, but someone who sees the law as something that moves to adjust to the times and can do so in a way that furthers the deepest values of our country that I believe are embodied in the Declaration of Independence. And therefore, I think that is the most important thing a president can do.

WINNER I agree with that statement. I think it was a very fine statement. And I noticed that Kate Michaelman, the head of NARAL, is in the audience here in Los Angeles. And NARAL has pointed out that both the Republican candidates have pledged to overturn Roe v. Wade, and Governor Bush went into a private meeting with Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson, and when they came out, both patted him on the back and said, well, we heard everything that we wanted to hear. Both Governor Bush and Senator McCain are as anti-choice as you can get.

So I think it's awfully important that we have a president who will appoint justices to the Supreme Court...

LOSER Time.

WINNER.. to interpret the Constitution in keeping with America's tradition.

LOSER I'll have to be honest with the people who asked me this question. I must be honest with the American people. If I were going to select someone for the Supreme Court, I don't think that I could select that person if I thought there was one doubt in my mind that the person would turn the clock back on civil rights. The court, throughout our history, has played a very negative role from time to time in moving our civil rights forward. Another case is a very positive role.

LOSER Time.

LOSER So I'd have to have that answered for myself before I made the appointment.

LOSER Senator Bradley, the next question is for you.

AUDIENCE Good evening. Liz Gardner from Santa Monica.

I just wanted to ask, with technology becoming more a part of our daily lives, the Internet specifically, with e-mail, e-commerce, where do you find the government taking ]a role in that, with either regulating or not regulating? What's going to be happening?

LOSER I think the government should play a role, but a small role. It's an emerging technology. The Internet is growing in directions that we don't know. Fifteen years ago, the only people that ever heard of the Internet is the Defense Department. And now look at where it is today.

I think that the most important role for government to play is making a major investment in education, but specifically in technology. I think trying to set a standard for encryption is very important, because the most important thing that could prevent the growth of the Internet is if people felt their privacy could be invaded, if people felt their privacy could be invaded in terms of financial records, in terms of health records, and therefore I think some standard for encryption is a very important part of a policy that you would follow.

WINNER I thought I saw you kind of glance quickly over at me when you said the word "Internet." [laughter] I appreciate that. I didn't invent it, but I worked hard to get the funding for it to help the scientists and engineers who took that small network in the Defense Department called Garfonet and then gradually expanded it to what it is today.

President Clinton and I are now pushing a project called the next generation Internet, Internet II, that will be a thousand times faster than the present Internet. I think that the government's role should not to regulate content, obviously. I think the government should give parents more tools to protect their young children, give citizens more protections against violations of privacy. I think we should keep the moratorium on taxing transactions on the Internet, while the questions are dealt with by all the parties, and I think we have got to close the digital divide so that everybody, regardless of income or social circumstances...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...has access to the Internet.

LOSER Senator Bradley for 30 seconds.

LOSER Well, I was waiting during the campaign of maybe being able to make that joke, but since you made it first about the Internet, inventing the Internet, I am glad you did it and not me.

Let me say that I think that another thing that's very important is finding some way that people who don't have access to the Internet can get access to the Internet. And I think wiring schools is important. But I also would look at something that would maybe give them more direct assistance, something we might call "info stamps" that would be terribly important. And also taxing the Internet...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...not now.

WINNER Bill Kennard, the chairman of the FCC, is from Los Angeles, and has implemented a law that I helped to write called the e-rate, which puts $2 billion a year into subsidizing the connection of all classrooms and libraries to the Internet to even up access.

I made a proposal in the last 10 days on how to close the digital divide by redefining what we mean by universal service and moving toward Internet access for every home in America.

LOSER Time.

WINNER We can reach that goal.

LOSER Vice President Gore, question for you.

AUDIENCE I am Jim Plaurra from Los Angeles.

When the Clintons were elected to office, it was very much a team spirit. And as a result, Mrs. Clinton was put in some substantive roles. How will you define the role for the first lady?

WINNER Well, if I am entrusted with the presidency, I agree with Tipper on that question. [laughter] Whatever her answer is, I agree with it. [laughter]

But let me tell you a little bit about her. She has been a passionate advocate for mental health care, and I agree with her that we should have access to mental health care that is equal to the access that we have for health care, if the condition or disease affects some part of the body other than the brain. Why should we have discrimination against people who have diseases of the brain compared to the heart or the lungs or the liver?

Now, she has also been an advocate for the homeless to try to get these people off the sidewalks and the streets, and I strongly agree with that too. Because of her work and our family's work, I had 13 major workshops on how to end homelessness. And she would be working on those issues and advocating for children and families. But I am concentrating on trying to win this thing before we look too far down the road.

LOSER When I was in my Senate campaigns, my wife Ernestine would go out and visit some place and I would come two weeks later, and then we would have a call inevitably from the host saying if you're going to send someone back, send her. And that is because of who she is.

My wife is an immigrant. She would be the first immigrant first lady. If she — if I was successful. She's a college professor, a professor of comparative literature. She just finished a book called "The Language of Silence" about how Western literature did or did not come to terms with the Holocaust. She's a breast cancer survivor. She's a dynamic human being. She's a conscientious mother.

And in terms of defining the role she would have in a presidency that I would head, I don't know what it would be. She's just finding it now. My guess is, one of the things she would do is try to shine the light on people in this country who are doing good things but are not recognized. This country is so rich, and has so much capacity that is untapped, I think she would want to be a catalyst for that.

LOSER Time.

WINNER Both Bill and I are blessed with partners in life who are wonderful people, who enrich our lives. My wife Tipper is my closest adviser. As of May 19, we will have been married 30 years. We have four children and, as of last summer, our oldest daughter and her husband made us grandparents for the first time. And I am telling you, looking at the world through the eyes of a new grandchild is a whole new experience for me. And I am loving it.

LOSER Time.

Senator Bradley, for you, an Internet question. I'm sorry, 30 seconds.

LOSER Oh, well, I can talk a lot more than 30 seconds about my wife. I am glad you gave me that opportunity. [laughter]

The thing about her is that she is real. There's nobody who has ever met her that doesn't see energy burst forth and honesty burst forth. I can guarantee you, you need an honest wife in this profession because she's the one who is going to tell you, you're terrible and a lot of people don't. She's told me that a few times in this campaign, I must say.

LOSER Time. Now, Senator Bradley, for you, an Internet question.

From CNN.com "We sent our armed forces to the Persian Gulf in 1991 to return a country to its owners, now we see higher gas prices. What will you do to ensure this does not happen again?"

LOSER Well, I can't quite tell what the question means. If 1991 we did fight the Persian Gulf War, we did win. And now gas prices are very high, highest they have been. And I think the reason they're high now is because we, more or less, asked OPEC to raise oil prices in hopes of helping Russia be able to sell its oil on the international market, make more foreign exchange, and be able to develop its economy.

I think that now in California and across this country oil prices are skyrocketing, and we need action. Frankly, we needed action about six months ago. We needed to release the oil from the strategic petroleum reserve, something I built from 10 million barrels — 10 days of supply to 57 days of supply.

But more importantly, we need to go to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, those countries that we defended in the Gulf War, and we need to tell them to increase their oil production. We needed to tell them to increase their oil production six months ago in order to prevent the price increases that we're now experiencing.

LOSER Time.

WINNER Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson just completed a tour of the Middle East, and we have been in communication in this administration with the OPEC countries. And frankly, Kuwait, which was freed from Iraqi domination during the Persian Gulf War, has responded very positively. And if you have been reading the public signals from Saudi Arabia, they have too.

But frankly, we can get much more done on this the less we talk about it in public. One thing we haven't done is take the strategic petroleum reserve off the table. I also worked on that legislation. I was in the House of Representatives at the time, while Bill was in the Senate in those years.

Now, we also need to get busy and develop alternative fuels, more energy efficiency, a whole new generation of vehicles that will rely on technologies like fuel cells to cut way down on the pollution and have much more efficiency.

LOSER Time.

Senator?

LOSER The first part of the question might deal with the Persian Gulf, which of course is a place of insecure sources of oil. There's Iraq, there's Iran, there's Saudi Arabia, each of which has its own vulnerabilities. And so I believe that we have to try to continue to keep the pressure on Saddam Hussein. We have to seek to better the relationship with Iran. We have to keep a solid relationship with Saudi Arabia. And it's important that we also keep a strong relationship..,

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...with Turkey, so that we have encircled diplomatically Saddam Hussein.

WINNER Both the producers and the consuming nations have an interest in stable prices over time. There's just no question about that. But we have an interest in being less dependent on sources of oil from a region that is, over time, vulnerable to instability.

I helped to put in place a program called the Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles, which commits the big three automakers in our country to getting new vehicles into the marketplace that have three times the efficiency...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... of today's vehicles. That's part of the answer.

LOSER An Internet question for you, Vice President Gore from the latimes.com. "On California's ballot is Prop 22. If passed, only marriages between a man and a woman would be valid or recognized in California. Do you support or oppose it?"

WINNER I oppose it. Right now under current California law, only marriages between a man and a woman are recognized. Frankly, I think that we should have legal recognition for domestic partnerships that have legal protections. I do not favor changing the definition of a traditional marriage as it has always been understood between a man and a woman.

But this Knight initiative, Prop. 22, as it's also known as, I think is in part a kind of a mean-spirited wedge initiative, and I just think it's time for us to put this discrimination against gays and lesbians behind us. We are a brave people in America. We address the issue of racial discrimination. We've still got work to do, discrimination against people with disabilities or with a different religion, I think that it's time just to leave people alone because of the way God made them and stop the discrimination.

LOSER Senator?

LOSER I don't support the Knight initiative. Like Al, I don't support gay marriage, but I do support domestic partnership legislation that would provide to gays and lesbians all the legal and financial rights that accrue to a state of marriage. But this is an issue that is bigger than just this initiative and this year, because we're going to have our work cut out for us in a general election, and I started that work last March.

I was down in Austin, Texas, and there was an anti-hate crime bill pending before the Texas state legislature. There was a hate-crime bill in the wake of the James Byrd murder and the Matthew Shepard murder, and it said that there will be additional penalties for hate crimes based on race, gender, sexual orientation, and disability. The governor of Texas let it be known he did not want to see that bill come forward. I called a press conference, I told the governor's press corps that if I am the nominee of the Democratic Party and he's the nominee of the Republican Party and he has failed to support this legislation that I would make it an issue in the presidential campaign...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...and I will.

WINNER I think it will be an issue in the presidential campaign, and it should be. I met here in Los Angeles two weeks ago with Judy Shepard, the mother of Matthew Shepard. What suffering that family went through when that young man was crucified on a split-rail fence by bigots.

Yes, we need hate crimes legislation. Those crimes are fundamentally different. We also need the Employment Non-Discrimination Act to end discrimination in the workplace. I worked on that two years ago and we came within one vote of passing it in the Senate. If you entrust me with the presidency...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...we'll make it law.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER I think that another thing that's important, sure, gays and lesbians in the military openly, yes, adding the sexual orientation to the Civil Rights Act of '64. But what's also important is for us to convey to people that gays and lesbians are no different than the rest of us. They just have a different attitude, like a different color of hair. It's no different. And we have to respect them, and we have to accord them the dignity that every person in this world deserves.

LOSER Our first panel question comes from Ron Brownstein, national political correspondent for the "Los Angeles Times" and analyst for CNN.

Brownstein Mr. Vice President, in your answers, both of you, on the question about the Supreme Court, you each expressed a desire to see that the laws remain adjusted to the times. In light of that, I want to ask you about a subject that's on the minds of a lot of people here in California and elsewhere around the country. A generation ago, to safeguard the civil rights of black Americans, the federal government moved in and overrode a traditional state function in terms of registering voters and running the rules of local elections.

Today, in light of the Diallo case in New York, the Rampart scandal here, do you see a need for the federal government to take an active, assertive role in systematically involving itself and intervening in cases of local police malfeasance?

WINNER I think we have a problem with racial disparities in law enforcement. I think you see it in the sentencing differences for crack cocaine and powder cocaine. The experts say you can't justify that wide disparity today. We are now in the administration investigating intensively within the Justice Department to see whether or not there is a pattern of racial discrimination and distortion in federal law enforcement.

I think that we are justified in collecting information to see whether or not racial profiling is common throughout the United States, anecdotal evidence would have us believe that it is. I think it is, and I think it has to stop. I want to be tough on crime. I want to be tough on discrimination, too. Our future depends on a much lower crime rate and ending discrimination, especially in law enforcement.

LOSER Well, you mentioned voting rights. The first thing I would do is make the Voting Rights Act permanent. I wouldn't let it expire every period of time. Racial profiling is a deep and serious issue. It challenges all of us. It's not simply a police issue. It's also how we view African-Americans and Latinos. It's whether we can see deeper than skin color and eye shape and ethnicity to the individual.

The Amadou Diallo case is a case in point. As you know, West African was surrounded by police in New York, they fired 41 shots, 19 hit him. He fell, died, and that was a tragedy. But what it said to me was that the real tragedy was how deeply racial profiling had seeped into the mind of those who were in the police department so that a wallet in the hands of a white man would be viewed as a wallet, but a wallet in the hands of a black man would look like a gun. I looked at this, and I say we have to challenge ourselves.

LOSER Time.

LOSER There are things the national government can do, but we need to challenge ourselves to not deny any longer the indignities that African-Americans and Latinos experience every day in our country.

WINNER Well, I agree with that, and I would make one further point, racial profiling is bad policing, because the policing techniques that work are community policing that develop good close relationships within all parts of the community, and frankly, we need to recruit more African-American and Latino and Asian-American law enforcement officers and — look at San Jose in northern California, in the Bay area. The police chief there has voluntarily on his own initiative started a requirement for reporting on the race and ethnicity of all the people who were apprehended to see whether or not they have a problem and address it themselves without any outside interference because it's the best way to improve law enforcement.

LOSER Well, what I would do in addition to the challenge that I offered to everyone is that I would issue an executive order ending racial profiling in federal agencies. I would pass a law to make sure that every police department had to keep track of who they arrested and what the race of the person they arrested was. I would then use the Justice Department to intervene, to intervene aggressively if there was a pattern there, if there was sufficient evidence there. I believe that this is the civil rights issue of our time. It is no longer blocking people from schools. It is no longer trying to eat in a restaurant. It is having the justice system in this country finally provide equal justice for all.

LOSER Question from CNN senior analyst Jeff Greenfield.

Greenfield Vice President, this whole question of racial justice brings us back to answers that you and the senator gave a few moments ago and it raises the question of how consistent outrage has to be. You have both condemned the flying of the Confederate flag, you've spoken out about anti-gay bigotry, you've spoken out about Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson, neither of whom I think it fair to say are likely to support either of you anyway.

But both of you have met with Reverend Al Sharpton, a person who was found by a jury to have libeled a New York State prosecutor with highly inflammatory remarks falsely alleging an attack on a young black woman, which could have led to a genuine racial dilemma, and he is also been someone who has repeatedly used very inflammatory language about whites and other ethnic groups.

Now I'm asking, if the Republican candidates have an obligation to forcefully, unambiguously condemn extremists on their side, don't you have an obligation to be equally forthright in condemning such language by people who tend to be more on the Democratic side of things?

WINNER I do condemn the language that he used. I think that in America we believe in redemption and the capacity of all of our people to transcend limitations that they have made evident in their lives in the past.

I did not meet with Reverend Sharpton publicly. I met with him privately, and I talked with him about some of the concerns that I have. I will not violate the privacy of that conversation. But these subjects were discussed, and I will point you toward a couple of facts. Number one, he received something like I think 131,000 votes in the last New York City election. He is undeniably a person to whom some people in the city look as a spokesperson, and you know there is a racial divide in the way people in different races perceive certain events.

WINNER I would not be so quick as to completely dismiss what he has to say about some of these issues.

LOSER Time.

WINNER I think — I'll come back to it.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER Yes. I went to the House of Justice in Harlem last summer for a community meeting that Reverend Sharpton invited me to attend. The last time a primary candidate for president had a large public meeting in Harlem was Robert Kennedy in 1968. I went in order to hear the concerns firsthand of the 600 people that came to share them with me. That was a legitimate thing to do. I don't agree with everything Reverend Sharpton has said or done, but I think that he has grown. We have to allow people the right to grow. We have to allow people the right to evolve. And in the process, he has, in many cases, kept the lid on otherwise dangerous situations that were beginning to develop.

LOSER Time.

LOSER And I look at that and say, that's not someone who would be characterized solely by the language that you used.

WINNER Look at the number of rabbis who went to join Reverend Sharpton in his organizing of demonstrations and pickets following the Abner Louima case, and the — we had that case and the Amadou Diallo case. And I don't think it's that hard to understand that there a lot of people who have felt disrespect themselves, victimization themselves, who when he has spoken into the void silence that others have left...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... have felt that he has spoke for them. And those of us who want to know what the community is speaking about and communicate with them, I think should listen and try to learn.

LOSER Time.

LOSER The real question here is, how did the voiceless get a voice? How is progress made in very difficult areas of race, and poverty and discrimination? It sometimes takes someone that rubs a part of the population the wrong way in order to get the attention focused on the issue at hand. I view his activities in that light. As I said, there are things that he's done, things that he said...

LOSER Time.

LOSER That I condemn, but that's where I think you have to see him, in that tradition of civil rights in this country.

LOSER I have this question for Vice President Gore. Both you and Senator Bradley acknowledged in that Internet question that Middle East oil prices affect American lives, so do world tensions. China is threatening to use force against Taiwan if Taiwan drags out reunification talks.

If you were president, to what extent would you commit American military power to defend Taiwan?

WINNER The last four presidents in both political parties have purposely refrained from spelling out the details of what kinds of circumstances would trigger a direct military action on the part of the United States in the Taiwan Straits. That ambiguity is not due to a failure to think it through. It is due to a considered judgment that we do not want to give the hot heads on either side of the Taiwan Straits an ability to drive circumstances toward American involvement for their own purposes.

Now remember in interpreting these recent statements, Bernie, that the election in Taiwan is just a short time away, and some analysts said, well, maybe this was a crude effort by Beijing to try to influence that election. It was nonetheless challenging. We immediately challenged it. We took them to task. And we do not accept their effort to change the description of what would justify force there.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER I think that the most important thing we can do on this issue is try to keep some perspective on it and try to think long term. It's difficult for Americans to think long term. It's easy for Chinese to think long term.

The basic fact is we're the two exceptionalist cultures in the world, which mean we each think we're the center of the universe, so we're going to bump into each other.

But on Taiwan and China, it's a very specific problem. We should tell the Taiwanese that if they take steps toward independence, that we would reconsider the Taiwan Relations Act. We should tell the Chinese that if they move by force to overtake Taiwan, that we have responsibility under that act to take appropriate actions, the ambiguity that Al talks about. I think that if we can keep that going, then we will wait to see how things evolve.

The white paper that you referred to said some things that were threatening, overtake Taiwan, also said some encouraging things to deal with Taiwan directly as a partner. So I agree it was an attempt possibly to affect the outcome of the election in Taiwan.

LOSER Time.

LOSER Because one of the candidates is pro-mainland and one of them is not.

WINNER In previous periods like this, Beijing has also done some even more threatening things in the past, and I was part of the decision that the — that President Clinton and the administration made to quietly, without notice, without ballyhooing it, send the U.S. Pacific fleet right down — not the entire fleet, but send warships right down the middle of the Taiwan Straits without ballyhooing it, and it was a very deft demonstration of diplomacy and...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...power in a way that defused the situation without a word being said and without face being lost anywhere on either side.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER There's another dimension to our relationship with China beyond Taiwan and the mainland, and the military dimension. It's the economic dimension. I think that the agreement that was negotiated should be ratified. I think that people should see this. I'd rather have China inside the world trading system, subject to multilateral rules, than I would have China outside the system, making bilateral deals and playing one country off against another.

Frankly, I don't know whether communist leadership agreed to it, because it's going to end up with thousands of Internet companies and hundreds of thousands of people in China creating problems, because political activity will result.

WINNER I agree with that, incidentally.

LOSER More questions for these candidates from the audience, from the Internet, from the journalists, when we come back.

[television break]

LOSER ...this debate.

Senator Bradley, a question for you.

AUDIENCE Hi, my name is Anita Shaft from Venice, California.

I'm sure you're aware of the shocking incident of the 6-year-old boy shooting a 6-year-old girl inside a first-grade classroom, and still the Columbine tragedy remains strong in our minds. Eight years ago when I graduated from school, I didn't have to worry about the safety of my life. I just had to worry about the security of my goals for my future, and you know, when I do have kids, I want to ensure that they feel the same way.

How will you ensure that our schools will be a safe haven for our children?

LOSER Well, first of all, how long is it going to take? How many lives will have to be taken by gunfire? How many families will have to be marred for life because of the lost loved one?

I was in El Serino Middle School in East L.A. here not so long ago, and in one meeting heard the story of the 7-year-old — a parent tell the story of a 7-year-old who was caught in the crossfire, killed. Another parent told the story of a young man walking through a high school hallway, killed. And the students at El Serino Middle School decided they would raise money to try to buy guns back, and they asked me if I would contact Mayor Riordan and ask him to meet with them.

Mayor Riordan, will you meet with them?

Mayor Richard Riordan, Los Angeles Sure.

LOSER Thank you very much. I have kept my word. I have kept my word.

What we need to have here is we need very tough gun legislation, registration and licensing of all guns, gun dealers out of residential neighborhoods, trigger locks, background checks, and banning Saturday night specials.

LOSER Time.

LOSER But above all, what we need is a leader who is committed to this every day he is in office. Otherwise, you'll never beat the NRA. And I am there to beat the NRA.

WINNER Let me say, first of all, that I — I feel so deeply for the family of this little girl who was killed. This is an almost unimaginable tragedy. In the first grade, a 7-year-old boy shoots a 6-year-old girl.

Now with some of the details coming out, the little boy was in a home where he didn't even have a bed. His dad is in jail. His mother moved in with her brother. It was what the local D.A. called a "flop house." People were coming in allegedly buying drugs with guns. The guns were laying around there.

We need child safety trigger locks. We need to ban junk guns and Saturday night specials. We need to require a photo license I.D. for the purchase of a new handgun. We need reinstate the three-day waiting period under the Brady law. We need to also deal with drugs. That was a part of this problem. We need more psychologists and guidance counselors in our schools and more teachers with smaller classes...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...so they can keep track of these students and their family situations and so much more.

LOSER We make a mistake when we take an incident like the first grader or like the kids outside Pittsburgh that were killed, the five who were killed today, and we look at that one individual case and we failed to realize a much broader case. Columbine, everybody was struck by Columbine. Why? Because we saw our own kids, they looked like our kids, we thought. But 13 kids are killed every day in America with a gun, and 800,000 kids took a gun to school last year. Now, that is not going to change unless there's concerted leadership...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...from the national government that is willing to marshal public opinion to overcome the vested interests, the special interests...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...in Washington that's embodied in the NRA.

WINNER I agree with that. I was a co-sponsor of the Brady law. I cast the tie-breaking vote to close the so-called "gun show loophole." The NRA has targeted me as a result.

I believe that we have got to take them on strongly and pass new gun control legislation, not aimed at hunters and sportsmen, but at these handguns that are causing so much distress in our country.

This is a — now, incidentally, here in California, you saw what leadership can do. Governor Gray Davis passed tough new gun control legislation here...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...and first lady Sharon Davis is here, and I wanted to acknowledge her.

LOSER Vice President Gore, the next question is for you.

WINNER OK.

AUDIENCE Hi, my name is Donna Monarch, and I live in Los Angeles. And my question is In your life, what mistake have you learned the most from?

WINNER Claiming that I created the Internet — no. I think that early in my career in public service I fell prey to what a lot of people who get into the work force and get excited about their work do, and they get drawn into it so much that they don't balance their lives enough by enriching their life with the joy and fun and family interaction. And as I got a little bit older, I came to understand the overriding importance of balancing work and home and finding time for yourself.

I have embarked on a career that is very demanding of a lot of hard work and commitment. I believe in it! I want to fight for the people of this country. But I have long since learned, nearing the age of 52 doesn't sound like very old to some people here, but sounds very old to others...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...that you have got to make time for your spouse, your kids, and yourself.

LOSER Senator?

LOSER I think the thing — the mistake that I learned the most from was really a mistake to believe that you never fail. In other words, coming to terms with failure. And it took me awhile to do that.

I remember when I was a rookie in the NBA. I was thought to be the white hope. I was going to save the Knicks. I knew I wasn't the white hope. I knew I wouldn't save the Knicks. It got pretty rough. The fans thought I was. People spit on me. People threw coins at me. People stopped me in the street.

It caused me to ask myself, really, well, you have to come to terms with this. That meant I worked harder in order to achieve things. It also meant I began to see that life is not all good, not all bad, that individuals are not all good or all bad. But we have each in both of us, and that's what makes us human.

WINNER I want to say one other thing because your question sort of invites a focus on one big...

AUDIENCE Right.

WINNER ...decision or turning point. If I reframed your question a little bit and asked What are the kinds of mistakes that I have learned the most from? You know, every time you're — you're in a situation with a friend or a small group where you're unkind, unnecessarily, that is a mistake, whether it's — and there's no excuse for it, whether it's stress or...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...whatever. And as you get older and mature, things go well, you learn from those mistakes and stop doing that.

LOSER I think another mistake for me that I learned from was the mistake of not speaking out when you feel something deeply. For a chunk of my life, I sometimes held back. And then I realized that life is short. My wife got breast cancer. I realized life was short, you might not live another day. So speak from your heart what you believe.

That's how I run this campaign. I believe the new politics is a politics of belief and conviction, of honestly telling people the truth, and thinking you can lead by appealing to their idealism. All that came from that mistake.

LOSER Time. And senator, the next question is for you.

AUDIENCE Elizabeth Green, Lakewood, California.

I have recently read stories about military families who have qualified for and received welfare assistance. As president, what would you do to support the people who risk their lives for our country?

LOSER The first thing I would do is, A, pay respect; B, raise benefits and pay. And I think we can do that with a steady State/Defense budget, if we make tough decisions on base closings, tough decisions on unnecessary weapons systems, and negotiate with the Russians in order to get a much lower level of nuclear weapons. And then make — take that savings and make investments in pay and benefits.

I had the same experience. I ran into a young woman not so long ago. She said she was in the Marines four years. I asked her why she didn't re-up. She said she didn't re-up because she wanted to have a family and she didn't want to go on food stamps.

If there's anything that's important in the military of the future it's the talent of our military personnel. We will make investments in research and development, stay on the cutting edge in terms of technology, but you need the talent in order to operate that technology effectively. And that's why they have to get more pay, and better benefits and better training.

WINNER I served as an enlisted man in the United States Army. I served in Vietnam. When Tipper and I were first married, we lived in Daleville, Alabama, outside the gates of Fort Rucker, and we lived on a private's pay.

I think it is unacceptable for the men and women who serve in uniform to not have adequate pay and for some of them to have families on food stamps. I think that needs to change. And I have supported efforts to change that.

Now they're having trouble in the military now recruiting enough people to fill out the positions. We have the finest military forces in the entire world. We need to keep them that way. But we have to give them the resources to work with to pay the people, give them the training, give them the education, give them the stable social services. Look at that tragedy in Germany involving the teenaged family members over there, terrible situation. Well, you know, maybe that's a special case, but we need to respond to what some people there are saying.

LOSER Time.

WINNER We need to do more to support the families and the men and women in uniform.

LOSER I think it's important to have clarity of mission, too, so that those who are in the military know what they're fighting for. The Cold War was clear. Now it's a little less clear. I think clarity of mission is important and beyond that, I think presidents or generals have to recognize that they might be the point, but in order — at the point of the pyramid, but in order for things to work, you have to have support of talented people all the way down the pyramid, acknowledging that contribution of the enlisted personnel...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...the sergeants, I believe, is critical.

WINNER In addition to serving in the United States Army, I served on the Armed Services Committee in the United States Senate and on the Intelligence Committee in the House of Representatives. I have served on the National Security Council for the last seven years and have participated in reviewing our military policy, and these personnel issues are extremely significant. I would — and I think they have to be addressed adequately. I also want to add that I support adequate programs for our veterans, including increases in veterans' health care where it's greatly needed.

LOSER Time.

The next question for you, sir.

AUDIENCE Good evening. My name is Dee Pinchback, and I am an advocate for disabled people, and I'm a disabled person myself. My question to you both tonight is the plight of this big voting bloc of people who want to work and will lose their benefits if they do so. Our health benefits are the most important things in our lives to keep us going, if we lose them — and we want to work. We want to go on. We want to be fruitful.

WINNER I proposed a new national program as part of my campaign called "The Disability to Work Program." We have the welfare to work program to give job skills and life skills and other help to those who have been on welfare to get into the workforce. You know what the businesses are finding? These people are the most enthusiastic and productive people in their businesses because they appreciate it so much more, they're thrilled to be there.

Well, we now have 60 percent of the businesses in America unable to fill high-paying jobs that they have open, and we have millions of disabled Americans, 7 million, who want to get into the workforce, but can't because they will lose their health benefits. Now, we just passed the Jeffords-Kennedy legislation to extend for seven years the health benefits and you won't have to — you won't lose them if you go into the workforce. We should do more.

We should also use assistive technology to close the gap and not ask what is disabled, what is — what are you able to do, not what doesn't work, but how can we get you to work?

AUDIENCE We want to work.

LOSER I think that the most important thing is to make sure that they won't lose their health care, because a national government is standing behind them and making sure that they get health care. That's the proposal that I have made, would provide access to affordable, quality health care for all Americans. Disabled Americans would now be able to earn money and would not lose their coverage.

I think that the most important thing is to also recognize the disabled as not being a kind of special population. For example, my father was disabled, had calcite arthritis of the lower spine. I never saw him tie his shoes or throw a ball or drive a car. We never thought of my father — my mother and I, even though my mother dressed him every day and I fixed his suspenders, we never thought of him as different. We thought of him as that's just who he was. And we have to have policy that takes that feeling and makes it a reality, so the disabled can contribute to our society as much as my father did to that small town in Missouri.

WINNER We have to get every disabled person in America who wants to work into the workforce. We need to move toward universal health care. We need to continue the Medicaid benefits that disabled Americans now get, and we need to pass a health care patients' bill of rights to prevent the health care decisions from being made, whether it's a disabled child like Ian Malone in Everett, Washington, or any American. We — those health care decisions cannot be made by bureaucrats and accountants. The power should be given back to the doctors and to the nurses.

LOSER Time.

LOSER I'll say to you that for this to happen again will take leadership at the very top, leadership that's willing to take a big issue and push it, not a small issue, not something step by step, but something that is comprehensive and that will deal with the problem, and at this time given our tremendous economic prosperity, this is the time when we can do big things again if we have leadership that says that's what we will do. I am running for president because I want to offer...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...that kind of leadership on big things just like health care for all Americans.

LOSER And you, sir, have the next question.

AUDIENCE Hi, I am Jackie Webber from Culver City. Big money has big influence in Washington, and that influence starts with election campaign financing. What steps will you take to curb that influence, specifically with regard to campaign finance reform?

LOSER I think there's no more important issue in our country. It's one of the main reasons I made this race. It's one of the issues that I think is most important.

Most people in this country think democracy is like a broken thermostat, you turn the dial and nothing happens, and money is at core of that problem, and so I believe you need to have fundamental campaign finance reform, which means no soft money, public financing of elections, both general elections, partial financing of primary elections and free television time for people who are in campaigns in the last six weeks of that campaign.

I believe that the rich have a right to buy as many houses or vacations or cars as they want, but they don't have a right to buy our democracy. And this will take, again, leadership that is unencumbered and ready to challenge. We need a cold mountain stream to run through Washington...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...carry away the special interests and empower the people once again to make decisions.

WINNER I agree with Bill Bradley and John McCain on the need for campaign finance reform. I would point out to you that in this Democratic contest, we are agreed on this issue. I first proposed complete public financing of federal elections more than 20 years ago. I don't accept PAC contributions in this race.

I called two years ago for the elimination of so-called soft money from campaigns. I think that we can do more. I proposed legislation 10 years ago to require broadcasters, radio and TV, to give free time in election years to qualified candidates as a condition of their license.

I think the American people are calling out for this, and while I disagree with Senator McCain and Governor Bush on lots and lots of other issues, choice, gun control, health care, education, Social Security, Medicare, all down the line, I agree with John McCain on this issue, and I agree with Bill Bradley on this issue. If you entrust me with the presidency...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...I will put this in the highest priority category and make it happen.

LOSER I believe that, as I said, this is the most important issue that we can deal with in this country today. That's why I made the run for president, in part, because I think that I was the only candidate who could make this happen, unencumbered, ready to make this as a big fight. And I believe that John McCain and I — we don't agree on this. He only wants no soft money. I also — I want public financing of elections, so I want bigger reform. But I also offer reform plus out there for all of those...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...who are wondering about who they're going to vote for, reform plus pro-choice, good on environment, major investments in health and in education, which John McCain doesn't want.

WINNER You know, I think Bill made a good point. In the process of trying to give John McCain credit for what he has proposed, I don't want to gloss over the fact that both Senator Bradley and I have proposed public financing of federal elections, and Senator McCain does not, but he does want to take on the role of special interests, up to a point, and I think that he should be commended for that. Now, I think that a president who is willing to lead on this, who has taken the initiative for more than 20 years...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...can make a difference, and I ask for your help to make that difference.

LOSER An Internet question for you, Vice President Gore, from CNN.com "Now that we have a shortage of workers, do you think we should open our doors to more immigrants?"

WINNER Well, you know, the fact that we have this issue in the Congress every year now, to raise the limits for more highly educated people to come in and take jobs that 60 percent of the businesses in America have open now that they can't fill, should lead to us take two steps. First of all, we should address this on its own merits, yes, I think that we should allow more immigrants to come in.

As my Latino friends say, somos una nacion de imigrantes y con orgullo, we are a nation of immigrants and with pride.

WINNER It is what has made us a great nation. All of us, save the Native Americans, need only count back the generations to find when our families immigrated here, or when they were brought here in chains. We all came from somewhere else. But we should also realize that we have to do more to educate our own people and give the job training necessary for American citizens...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...who are already here to fill those good jobs.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER Yes, I do think that we need to open our doors to more immigrants. I think raising the number for H1B visas, which are the highly talented individuals that the vice president is talking about, is important.

But I also think something else is important. In 1986, we passed an immigration law. The immigration law provided for amnesty, provided for an amnesty for those who were here before 1982. Unfortunately, a lot of the people who were here before 1982 didn't get to the place they were supposed to go to file for that amnesty. I believe we should have late amnesty for those who had not gotten to it in time, because their hardworking people, they're in America today, they're the backbone of the country, in many respects.

So yes, H1B visas, but also late amnesty for those people who were here in the country before 1982.

WINNER Discussing this with Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, the first statewide elected Latino in modern California history, just recently. I believe that — and I supported the '86 amnesty also. I think that any subsequent amnesty has to be carefully drawn to avoid creating tensions that are unnecessary, and to be coupled with the kind of job training, and education and health care necessary to fully integrate immigrants, legal and illegal, into this...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...conditions that they deserve to live in. I think that this has been a failing of the Republican Congress, and we need to address it.

LOSER Well, as I said earlier, my wife is an immigrant. She'd be first immigrant first lady. I know what it is to be caught in between one place and another place. I've lived it for all of our marriage. It's an incredible experience. I also know that those who come here have to feel a part of this place.

I was down in Santa Cruz not so long ago with the group called Barrios Sadidos, great group, talked to the young woman, who was a junior in college, and I asked her see was Latino...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...and I said, what do you hope for? And she said what I hope for is that someday in America I can be treated like everybody else. That is also a part of immigration policy, making people welcome.

LOSER Senator Bradley, for you, and Internet question from CNN.com.

"What will you do as president to fix the corrupting power of the lobbyists and the special interests on our electoral process?"

LOSER The most important thing that you can do is to cut off the flow of money from lobbyists, from special interests groups, to elected officials and to parties. It's pretty difficult for somebody to say that they've bought me for a thousand dollars, but if they've made a $500,000 dollar contribution to a party in my name, it's a more difficult thing to disprove.

So back to the question. I believe that fundamental campaign finance reform is absolutely critical. It is the one way that would disconnect the way this whole system in Washington works. Secret deals, special interests money, that's the connection. And you have to break it by making sure that you take money out of politics. That will only happen when people give someone who runs for president a mandate to do that, because otherwise, the culture will not change in Washington. And it is the culture in Washington that...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...has to change, and the people are the only in place in America that have the chance to make that happen.

WINNER I agree with that. I think that we've talked about the issue of campaign finance reform in response to a previous question, but we can't talk about it too much. It needs to be enacted. It is one of the major issues in this campaign. It unites us, but it divides the two Republican candidates. Again, Senator McCain has made this pitch and has attracted some support, but the weight of the Republican establishment is apparently coming down on him as a result. I support his efforts on that. And I support the fact that both those Senator Bradley go farther than he does.

I also support tough new restrictions on lobbyists. We should have — we should let sun shine in with full disclosure, and we ought to find ways to use the Internet to empower whistle blowers with more of an ability to make public any time there is some kind of situation that is untoward, and then let's just jump on it, and make sure that we expose it, and get rid of the influence of special interests money.

LOSER Last winter in Claremont, New Hampshire, John McCain and I shook hands. It was the exact place that President Clinton and Newt Gingrich shook hands, promised the American people campaign finance reform. The only difference is we made a commit to each other that we could each fulfill. We wouldn't have to point to the Congress, and say, they didn't want to do it. And the commitment we made, was that if we were nominees of our party, that we would not accept soft money. I believe that that is important...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...to consider as we're looking at this presidential election.

WINNER I made that pledge two years ago, called on Republican Party to do it, and I renew it today. I will also say this, that if you entrust me with the Democratic nomination for president, the first act I will take, if you give me that privilege, is to challenge the Republican nominee to eliminate the 30 second and 60 second radio and TV ads and debate twice a week on the Internet and before anybody else who will cover it on specific issues each time.

LOSER Time.

This question for you Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE Jewel Bishop, Redondo Beach, California.

It appears we have a system of dueling primaries. Do you believe that the American populous would be better served by a system in which all the states that have primaries have them at the same time?

WINNER Well, we have something close to that next week. We have California, New York and 14 other states. And the reason why — well actually, you know, I think we ought to consider a system like that. I think it's a thoughtful suggestion. But under our current laws, states decide for themselves when they will have primaries and caucuses, and then the two parties provide a framework within which the states line up. And in our federal system, states have that right. Now in the future, should we look at some changes there? Sure.

LOSER I'm not sure any particular fix of timing is going to resolve the major problem in our Democracy today. Sure, these primaries are a bit idiosyncratic. Who knows what's the rationale for when they occur other than whoever controlled the DNC or the RNC were able to shape it the way they want their candidate to have the primaries. Maybe it would make more sense to have four regional primaries once a month and have a focus on issues.

But I think it's a deeper question. I don't think that's going to necessarily give you better democracy. When I left the Senate, I said I thought politics was broken. By that I meant, way too much money in politics, the media was too superficial, and not enough politicians led from their core convictions. I got into this race to try to deal with that, to push campaign finance reform, to try to be direct with the media and truthful with the media, and to try to speak from my core convictions because we need a new politics in this country, not a politics of a thousand attacks and a thousand promises, but a politics of belief, and conviction...

LOSER Time

LOSER ...and direct comment to he American people.

WINNER If you entrust me with presidency, I will have regular open meetings all across this country, With citizens invited to come in and speak just as we're speaking right now, and I'll do it on a regular basis. Frankly, one of the reasons I do support the unique role that Iowa and New Hampshire have played in giving were a small audience, to let the candidates talk about their platforms in small groups, is because you...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...you can have open meetings like that. I've had them here in California, too, but I — with your help, I want to have them as president.

LOSER I think the most important thing that politicians can do is to respect the people, to not play scare tactics with the people, to not use innuendo with the people, to not tell half-truths with the people, but to level with them. And if a leader levels with the people, then that engenders trust, and trust is the absolute ingredient that's needed in tough times between a leader.

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...and the people.

LOSER Now questions from a panel of journalists beginning with Jeff Greenfield, CNN's senior analyst.

Greenfield Senator Bradley, a few moments ago you answered a question about mistakes in your life by talking about coming to grips with failure. This raises a very uncomfortable question I can, but there is elephant in this room, and I don't think it serves any purpose not to recognize it. You have been talked about as a potential president from the days you were in college, you have been talked about as a serious candidate from the time you entered the Senate. Six months ago, you were outraising the vice president, his campaign was in some disarray, you were ahead or competitive in many of the key primary states. You have not won a contest. Washington State went badly. And unless there is a miracle, it seems that this journey will end on Tuesday. The simplest way I can ask this question is How do you think you got here?

LOSER Well, I'm not prepared, Jeff, to buy the premise of your question. Because to date, the delegate count is 41 to 27. Only 250,000 people have voted in this presidential election for delegates. On next Tuesday, 8 1/2 million people will vote, and about a third of the delegates will be selected. That is the day that we will have a national primary, and that is the day that I think that you have to take off. And so I'm looking at the next Tuesday as the take-off day for me.

I also know that in this race that I am in it to change the political process. I am in it because of an open commitment to idealism, to get beyond the interest group politics of Washington, where you try to stuff groups with money, but instead appeal to individuals as Americans, and as human beings.

LOSER Time.

LOSER That is what I will continue do through the duration.

WINNER I think one of the things that Senator Bradley and I agree on, and probably a lot of others running for president agree on, is that we prefer to get questions about substance rather than process. I respect your question. But let me say that I believe that there are many purposes in a presidential campaign. One, that tends to dominate is to give the American people an opportunity to choose who will lead this country for the next four years.

But the purpose of a campaign is also for us to define who we are, as a people and as a nation. And to have an ennobling, educating, revealing discussion about all the challenges that we face, review some of the proposed solutions.

Now, we have been doing that in this campaign. And I believe very deeply that once this dialogue is over with, those who agree with...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...the common values that we have expressed are going to want to see them enacted in the general election.

LOSER Another thing about this kind of campaign, national campaign, is quite frankly those people you meet along the road that enrich your life and leave indelible imprints.

I was out in Spokane, Washington, for example, last week at the United Steel Workers picket line at the Kaiser plant. They had been out 18 months. I talked to a man, lines on his face, calluses on his hands.

And I asked him Is it tough?

He said Yes, it is tough.

I said When is it tough?

He said Holidays.

I said What do you mean?

He says For the last two Christmases, I haven't bought a Christmas tree for my family because I couldn't do it.

LOSER Time.

WINNER I met a couple three days ago named Dillon and Christine Malone, who have a 6-month-old baby, Ian, I referred to him earlier. He needs nursing care at home. Their insurance company informed them that it was going to be cutoff, even though the pediatrician said it is needed. They asked me, if I would contact the company, and ask him to change their minds. I did. So I made contact, first of all, by publicly confronting them, and then I had the...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...pleasant experience of being able to call the company and thank them for changing their minds. But it shouldn't take going on national television, we need to pass a health care patients' bill of rights, to give every family, the opportunity to...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...have the medical decisions made by doctors and not accountants.

LOSER Ron Brownstein with a question.

Brownstein Senator Bradley, I feel a personal obligation to uphold your characterization of the media as superficial, so let me ask you about another elephant in the room.

You have been a bit more mild in your comments, tonight, but over the last several weeks you have rather forcefully questioned Vice President Gore's congressional record on guns, on abortion, on tobacco. Are you saying that, as president, you think he would revert to an agenda that would be sympathetic to the NRA, unsympathetic to federal regulation of tobacco, and questionable in its commitment to abortion? Is that the indictment you are leveling?

LOSER What I'm saying is that, when you run for president, your public record is important. It defines who you are. It defines what fights you have made. And that is precisely what I was saying when I pointed out those aspects.

I think, no question, 84 percent right-to-life voting record in Congress. In terms of the NRA, he has evolved, I'm glad he has evolved. In the course of this campaign, his campaign said on three separate — gave three answers on Medicaid abortions in a 48-hour period. He said there was no — he never voted against Roe v. Wade.

But indeed, I think that there is a counter to that in the course of this campaign. To me, the question is not — is what kind of president you are going to be. And I believe that if you are consistent on matters of principle that that is relevant to consideration in a campaign.

LOSER Time.

WINNER Let me tell you where I stand on both of those issues. I'm pro-choice. I will defend a woman's rate to choose, regardless of her economic circumstances. I will not allow Roe v. Wade to be overturned.

Early in my career, I opposed public funding for abortions. I never supported the criminalization of abortion. In those days, many us saw the phrase "pro-choice" as referring to supporting Roe v. Wade. I was always attacked in those days for supporting Roe v. Wade.

On guns, I have seen the rising tide of violence. We had another incident today, a tragic incident yesterday. How many millions of Americans have come to the same view I have, that we've got to take on the NRA, we have got to have meaningful common sense gun controls, not for hunters and sportsmen, and in ways that are contrary to our country, our country's values, but to get guns out of the hands of the people who shouldn't have them.

LOSER Time.

LOSER Let me give you an example where I think the record will be a problem in this campaign. In his congressional career, Al voted five times, to support the tax-exempt status for schools that practice racial discrimination, such as Bob Jones. Republicans are down at Bob Jones Universities preaching the old conservatism. And I guarantee you, we should be attacking them for that. But when we attack them, if you attack them for that, then they are going to come right back and point to those votes, and it is going to be...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...a very difficult case to make.

WINNER Well, I'm sorry you brought that up again because I disposed of that in the last debate by pointing out to you that Bob Jones University still doesn't have its tax exemption because it lost its tax exemption under the law that I supported, and that was a vote on quotas.

Now those of us who support affirmative action have to oppose quotas. There is a fundamental difference. And if you want to go back 20 years, we can talk about the vote for the Reagan/Bush budget cuts, again because that was the same year.

LOSER Time.

Senator Bradley, a few minutes ago, you said you are looking at next Tuesday as the take-off point. At the Apollo Theater, last Monday, in the debate, you said you would support Vice President Gore if he wins your party's nomination. Was that a concession to the inevitable.

LOSER No, I don't think that was a concession to the inevitable. I think take-off time is Tuesday. And, I would like to take the remainder of my time to come back to the last question because I don't think it is unimportant.

I mean, we know what happened in America. There was desegregation of educational institutions. Then white southerners began to take their students to private academies that had tax-exempt status. Jimmy Carter came in as president of the United States. He said, this is — We are finished with this. And he got his IRS to go after them. The IRS went after them. They disallowed the deduction, and then those individuals went to the Congress to try get the Congress to overrule the IRS decision to disallow tax-exempt status. That is what this was all about.

And the people who said this was quotas was really Bob Dornan. In California, you know who Bob Dornan is, that was the author of one of the amendments.

LOSER Time.

WINNER Well, the people who said it was quotas are those who read the underlying regulation drafted by the IRS. It had specific numerical quotas. That is why 373 members of the House of Representatives voted the same way I did, including the majority of Democrats.

Now, the point is, the underlying law which I supported took away the tax exemption for Bob Jones University.

WINNER Listen, Bob Jones University discriminates, and the leaders of that university have condemned Catholics, have condemned the Church of the Latter-Day Saints, have condemned — have criticized the pope in some of the most intemperate statements that you can possibly imagine.

Now, to — for some of those on the other side, to throw their lot in with them, now, I welcome the letter that Governor Bush sent, but, you know, that was a calculated decision that he made early on.

LOSER Time.

WINNER And I do not support that kind of approach or discrimination.

LOSER Thirty seconds.

LOSER Well, you know, the point is you might have voted for the underlying bill, but this was an amendment, and the amendment actually gave and protected the tax-exempt status of these segregated academies, that is why the Black Caucus uniformly opposed it. They knew what was going on, they understood what this meant in America, and if you can say that you have learned and evolved on abortion, on guns, I think it is important that you be able to face up to this vote and say how you have changed and why.

WINNER Well, I oppose quotas, and I would vote against quotas every time they are put up. President Clinton and I have taken the approach known by the phrase "mend it, don't end it." And frankly, the court decisions that have struck down some affirmative action schemes can only be overcome if we strictly avoid the quota approach which that represented, and instead, mend it...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...and keep affirmative action and enforce it and enforce our civil rights laws, because they are still needed for women and Latinos, as well as African-Americans.

LOSER We are down to closing statements from both candidates. Mr. Vice President, the floor is yours.

WINNER I think that we flipped and I think I go second this time.

LOSER I'm sorry. We're going to pause and then we will have closing statements. We will be back in a moment.

[television break]

LOSER A 90-minute debate seems like a long time, but it really isn't, and we have come to the final segment of this debate between these candidates.

Leading off with a closing statement, Vice President Al Gore.

WINNER We can all be proud of the record of accomplishments in these past seven years. Look at California, for example. We have just entered the period of the longest economic recovery in the entire history of the United States of America.

Instead of the biggest deficits that the Reagan/Bush years left us with, we now have the biggest surpluses. Here in California, thanks in significant part to the great leadership of Governor Gray Davis, we are seeing an economic boom. Instead of losing 11,000 jobs a year, California is now gaining 300,000 jobs a year. We have the cleanest air in water in a generation. The core of my candidacy is to build upon that progress and make sure no one is left behind, and use it to reach out, to make the sweeping changes necessary to protect California's coast against any new oil drilling.

Imagine the country we can have when we educate every child to the utmost, when we move step by step to universal health care, when we drop the level of violence and make our communities safe. I ask for your support in the California primary March 7th and around this country...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...to be president, and if you entrust me with the presidency I will fight for you.

LOSER Senator.

LOSER I have been on the road in America for 30 years. There has been one continuum to all that travel and that's me going out and asking people to tell me their stories, many of which I have shared with you tonight. And, accumulation of all those stories has given me a sense of who are the American people are, and basically, I think we are good people. I think there is goodness in most of us, and yet as Dr. Martin Luther King said, trying to explain why the civil rights revolution didn't occur sooner, he said it was because of the silence of good people.

What my campaign is about is asking good people to come forward and join us, so that our voices can be heard, so that we will create a world of new possibilities, where we can get fundamental reform of our political process, where everyone will have health insurance, where our schools will be responsive, where poverty will be reduced...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ...and where we will be able to live as brothers and sisters in a great democracy.

LOSER And thus this debate's concluding appeals from two very honorable candidates. Again, we thank the "Los Angeles Times" for co-sponsoring this evening. Please stay tuned for a special post-debate edition of "LARRY KING LIVE," both candidates will appear.

And tomorrow night from the same location, the Republican presidential candidates debate, moderated by Judy Woodruff at 900 p.m. Eastern.

I'm Bernard Shaw, good night from the Harry Chandler Auditorium at the "Los Angeles Times."

LOSER Good evening and welcome to the eight joint appearance between Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley, in which they will have responded to questions in their quest for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination.

A very special thank you to the sponsor of tonight's debate in this historic setting, the United Missionary Baptist Association, led by the Reverend Nelson C. Dukes, moderator, and the Reverend ReginaldMODERATOR, chair. 

We also want to thank the Harlem Host Committee.

Under rules agreed to by the campaign staffs, each candidate will be asked questions from the audience, the Internet and our panel of journalists. Each candidate will have one minute to respond and 30 seconds for a rebuttal.

The Host Committee has agreed to have the Reverend Al Sharpton to ask the first question. He has played an instrumental role in bringing about this dialogue in Harlem. 

Rev. Al Sharpton Thank you.

Tonight, we know on March 7 there will be a primary in New York and California. With the case of police scandal in California, the Diallo case and Louima case in New York, and many cases all between, many in our community have to live in fear of both the cops and the robbers. We are asking you what concrete steps would you make if you were elected president to deal with police brutality and racial profiling without increasing crime? How would you keep crime down but at the same time confront the problem of police brutality and racial profiling? 

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER Thank you. Well, first let me say, I'm honored to be at the Apollo Theater in Black History Month and participate in this path-breaking debate, presidential debate.

Reverend Sharpton, when I think of Amadou Diallo, I think of an unarmed man who was fired at 41 times by the police, who was killed.

I think it was an outrage. I feel it. Everybody in this room feels it. I think it was also a tragedy. But I also think it reflects racial profiling, in the sense of racial profiling that seeps into the mind of someone so that he sees a wallet in the hand of a white man as a wallet, but a wallet in the hand of a black man as a gun. 

And we — we have to change that. I would issue an executive order that would eliminate racial profiling at the federal level. I would try to pass a law to get information gathered at local levels so that we could see how the police departments are acting. I would make sure that the Justice Department was involved. And I would say quite clearly that white Americans can no longer deny the plight of black Americans. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER I don't disagree with anything that Senator Bradley just said. But let me sharpen it a little bit from my part by saying that if you entrust me with the presidency, the first civil rights act of the 21st century will be a national law outlawing racial profiling. 

We have to recognize that racial profiling is a problem not only in law enforcement, but also in insurance, in banking, inside schoolrooms, inside people's hearts. 

And we have to — we have to confront it.

The Diallo case, the Louima case and the other cases are just heartbreaking, and they have awakened the conscience of many Americans who have not looked at this problem squarely.

I think that we have to do a lot to get at police misconduct, to measure performance according to the attitudes toward the community also.

I think that we have to make certain that in this country not only will driving while black never be allowed to be a crime. But we just — we have to say that we are going to become one people and prevent these incidents, partly by putting as much energy into education as we do into incarceration. 

LOSER Thirty seconds. Each of you has 30 seconds.

LOSER Last month in the debate in Iowa when Al said the same thing, that he would issue an executive order, I said, why doesn't he walk down the hall now and have President Clinton issue an executive order. 

Now, Al — Al said that I shouldn't give President Clinton lectures. I am not giving President Clinton lectures. I am questioning why you haven't done that or why you haven't made this happen in the last 7 1/2 years? 

WINNER First of all, President Clinton has issued a presidential directive under which the information is now being gathered that is necessary for an executive order.

Look, we have taken action. But, you know, racial profiling practically began in New Jersey, Senator Bradley. 

Now, the mayor — the mayor — the mayor — the African-American mayor of the largest city in New Jersey said that he came with a group of African-American elected officials — or contacted you to see if you would help on this and that you did not. Did you ever call or write or visit with respect to racial profiling...

LOSER Your time is up, Mr. Vice President.

WINNER ...when they brought it to your attention? 

LOSER Your question, please, for Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE My name is Dennis Allen. I'm a Democratic district leader here in Harlem, where African-Americans own less than six percent of the real estate.

In spite of Michael Jordan, Spike Lee and Usher, African-Americans, since American slavery, still remain at the bottom of economic opportunity. Do you think that reparations should be considered? If yes, what would you do to implement such a policy? 

WINNER I believe the best reparations is a good education and affirmative action to make available resources, to make available the kind of direct assistance that has brought an empowerment zone here to Harlem, that has created new opportunities.

I think that we still need affirmative action in this country. I don't think that it's time for anybody to say, Look, we have made so much progress. I think that's a ridiculous conclusion.

The average African-American family wealth — and also, the average Latino family wealth, is less than one-tenth that of the average white family wealth.

To me, that justifies making available capital for young entrepreneurs. 

WINNER It means — it justifies making available opportunities for advancement and affirmative action in every sphere.

Now, I personally have supported these measures. And here — we have created in the last seven years 20 million new jobs in America and the lowest African-American...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... unemployment rate and poverty rate in history. We need to keep on going and make sure nobody is left behind. 

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER The issue of reparations is what you really raised. And it seems to me that what the issue raised is not just the issue of money, but the issue of acknowledging the contributions of African-Americans to this country's history over its entire history.

I think it is very important to do that. There are varieties of ways to do that. You could establish a commission, which I think has already been proposed in the Congress by Mr. Conyers that would look at the possibility of finding a way to acknowledge those contributions that have been made from the days of slavery to the days today. And also, not denying anymore those contributions. American — white Americans are in denial of black Americans contributions through slavery, denial in Jim Crow......and continue to deny today the indignities that African-Americans suffer. I believe that we can change that with a major new investment in education, in economic development...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... and in beginning to see things a little deeper than skin color. 

LOSER Thirty seconds for the candidate. 

WINNER Well, the question is still about reparations, if I'm not mistaken. And I do believe that what you're getting at is best approached and answered not by an effort to try to have a cash payment.

I do not believe that that's going to get through the United States Congress or is the way to go.

In certain cases, such as in Oklahoma, where they are debating the specific tragedy there, then that may be definitely a realistic possibility. There may be other such examples where that can be triggered. But for the nation as a whole, we should approach it in the form of, yes, recognition of the special contributions and special suffering and special role...

LOSER Your time is up, Mr. Vice President.

WINNER ... but massive investments in education and economic empowerment are what we need. 

LOSER Senator?

LOSER The vice president has said that affirmative action is a part of the answer to this problem. And I would simply asked him that, when he was in the administration charged with reinventing government, according to George Stephanopoulos, page 208, that he led the effort to end affirmative action at the federal level. That does not sound to me like someone who wants affirmative action to be a part of the solution to this very big problem. 

WINNER Mr. Moderator, can — as a point of personal privilege, can I respond to that?

LOSER According to the rules agreed to by both your staffs, you cannot, sir.

The next question please for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Hello, Senator Bradley. The United States is currently experiencing an unprecedented economic boom, in a large part due to technology. What specific social, educational, legislative and economic policies will you implement that will ensure historically marginalized communities, such as Harlem where we are at, will gain access to technology and resources essential to survival in this new information age?

LOSER One of the first things I would do is I would give 10,000 scholarships a year at $7,500 a year scholarship to people who after four years would agree to teach in an urban or rural school district in the areas of computer science, math, science or foreign languages. We need teachers in our communities who understand these subjects and have the equipment.

The next thing I would is something I call info-stamps, which empowers those who don't have to be able to get the equipment and the software that they need in order to be a part of the digital revolution. We have food stamps. We need info-stamps to be able to accomplish this objective.

And in terms of education, I think — and you mentioned race in education — I think it is important to know that in 1980, '81 and 1979 there was an issue before the Congress that related to whether the — whether the government would provide tax-exempt status to schools that racially discriminate. Al Gore supported those measures, and I'd like to know today why. 

LOSER Mr. Vice President, one minute.

WINNER Well, I made a speech last week on how to close the digital divide. I'll deal with this briefly and then respond to Bill's false charge.

I believe that we need to get computing centers in the community for children and for adults, and we need to finish connecting every classroom and library to the Internet. We need to get computers in the schools, and we need to train the teachers. We cannot allow a digital divide to exacerbate the gap between rich and poor.

Now, as for this false charge — two in a row. First of all, on government procurement, there was no change there. That's a false charge.

Secondly, look, you have misrepresented that vote entirely, Senator Bradley. That was not about affirmative action. That was about quotas. It was 337 members of the Congress voted against that. You voted for — the same way on final passage.

Now, let me — let me talk about a more recent vote. Not 20 years ago. In 1995, you were the only Democratic senator...

LOSER Time. 

WINNER ... to vote against affirmative action to help expand the number of African-American-owned broadcasting outlets — radio stations and TV stations. Why did you — why were the only Democratic senator on the Finance Committee to vote against that? 

LOSER Just, just a second. Just a moment. Senator Bradley, candidates, we have to be respective of your one-minute time limit and your 30-second rebuttal.

Please respect that. When you see the X before you, try to end your remarks.

Senator Bradley.

LOSER Given Al's answer, I kind of expected his answer on his vote to preserve tax exempt status for schools like Bob Jones that racially discriminate. [laughter]

So, I brought today, a copy of all five of those votes. I've also brought today......my — I've also brought today, my statement in opposition, the Congressional Black Caucus's statement in opposition, and Trent Lott's statement in support, saying that this would go to Bob Jones University. 

I'd like to give it to each member of the panel and Bernie at the break, but I'd like you to have it now, Al. 

WINNER Can I respond now? Can I respond now?

LOSER No, sir. We're going to the Internet.

WINNER What?

LOSER We're going to an Internet question.

WINNER I thought that — I thought there was a 30-30 now, 30-second response?

LOSER Go ahead.

WINNER OK. Thank you very much. First of all, this was a vote on quotas. I take it you're not in favor of quotas.

Bob Jones University lost its tax exemption under the law that I supported. They still do not have a tax exemption. So, that is a phony and scurrilous charge. 

Now, let me ask you again. I think this country is better off for having the "Tom Joyner Show" and for having April Ryan and for having WLIB. None of those might be available...

LOSER Time, sir.

WINNER ...except for the extra affirmative action for black-owned radio stations. Why did you vote against them?

LOSER Time.

WINNER Why did you vote against them?

LOSER Gentlemen, we now have an Internet reaction, a question from the Internet. And before I quote the question, please in the audience, you're delaying the progress of this interesting debate. Please restrain your outbursts so that we can proceed.

This is a question from America Online for Vice President Gore. What will you do to redefine affirmative actions goals as an assurance against present and future discrimination?

WINNER Well, I think that the policy "amend it, don't end it" is the right approach. In order to make certain that we keep affirmative action, we have to reject the idea of strict numerical quotas. And in the instance that Bill was talking about, that is exactly what was involved strict numerical quotas.

Affirmative action that opens up new opportunities and makes available the resources of the spots in universities, the loans, the investment capital, that is the direction that we should go in. But we should also understand the importance of communications media, television stations, radio stations. One of the changes that I would seek is to repeal the measure that Senator Bradley supported, the only Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee to support this No. 1 goal of the Newt Gingrich Republicans when they came in to end affirmative action in broadcasting for broadcasters.

And I would hope that Senator Bradley would change his position and support a change in that law and...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... and add back that affirmative action.

LOSER Senator?

LOSER Well, let me briefly respond to this. The — I think that we need more minority media. That's the importance of the Madison Avenue Initiative. That is why I've met with the Madison Avenue Initiative at the Black Caucus last fall — we talked. There are important ways that advertising dollars should go to African-American media.

I voted against that amendment. But do you know why there is not — you know why that there's now not the affirmative action you're talking about for African-Americans in the media? Because Bill Clinton signed the law that made it happen. It was a law that was signed and that's why it happened.

And I'm still going to offer you the opportunity to explain a little more carefully why you voted to preserve tax-exempt status for schools — not just Bob Jones, all of those schools in Mississippi and otherwhere, those white schools that started to be built whenever we had integration — to preserve tax-exempt status for those schools. You have to face up to this if you're going to be a strong leader. 

WINNER You know, I think it's pretty clear what's going on, Bill. You're sounding a little desperate because you're trying to build yourself up by tearing everybody else down. Very clear. Very clear. [booing]

Now, I still haven't gotten the answer to why you voted against WLIB and the Tom Joyner Show and all of the African-American-owned stations and outlets that are there because we had that affirmative action. 

Now, that — the amendment that you were the only Democrat on the committee to support...

LOSER Now, time.

WINNER ...was made a part of the Republican effort to shut down the government.

LOSER Time.

Senator?

LOSER I think the question was about the future of affirmative action.

And I believe that we need a strong president who's not going to back away from leading on affirmative action.

I believe affirmative action is common sense. I believe it's reaching out to the broadest possible community in this country in order to bring all talent into our country's best performance. That's what I believe.

And, you know, I think that the things that have happened in California, the Proposition 209; the things that happened in Texas, the Hopgood Decision, are the wrong direction. And the only way you're going to change that is if a president is willing to lead with the bully-pulpit on this issue and not follow. 

LOSER Your question please, for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Senator, if you're elected what would you do to help combat the AIDS epidemic in the minority community?

LOSER I think that it's a very important question. I would fully fund the Ryan White Act, because I think that is a special importance. In the health care program that I have outlined, I have allocated a very large sum of money to community health clinics and community health centers, which is where a lot of the minority population could get treated.

I also have passed a — suggested a health care bill that would allow HIV positive people to be able to get access to health care, because now they're not — they're denied access to health care.

I think making those investments in infrastructure — we need the clinics in the neighborhood, and the funds to reach out — the Ryan White and in making sure that they can see a doctor before they get AIDS when they have HIV, is a way that I would go, and think it would be an important way to deal with this issue. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER I think we have to — I think we have to attack this problem not only here at home, but around the world. I went before the United Nations Security Council to ask them to redefine security to take on the challenge of HIV/AIDS in Africa and in other parts of the world where this is such a crisis.  And here at home, I have worked very hard to have Medicaid eligibility when someone tests HIV-positive. And we're moving very aggressively on that.

Now, here is the problem that you would face if the country every had Senator Bradley's health care proposal. Fifty percent of all of the Americans who have HIV/AIDS now get Medicaid. Ninety percent of all the children with HIV/AIDS get Medicaid.

His proposal would eliminate the Medicaid program and replace it with a $150-a-month voucher with which you cannot purchase anything like the health care benefits that are now available under Medicaid.

And a lot of the AIDS organizations...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ...have come out and criticized it as a result.

LOSER Senator Bradley. 

LOSER We've talked a lot about my health care proposal in this campaign. In its terms, it's a disability, a disability under Medicaid. It saves the same amount of money. It's the same services. It's the same benefits. The only difference is that now, if you have HIV, you can qualify for insurance, and if you're in the neighborhood, you get a health — you get a community health benefit. That's the only difference.

And tonight, I pledge that any health care bill that I would sign would have every Medicaid patient...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... a better health plan than Medicaid is today. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER Well, that's not a plan, that's a magic wand. And it doesn't work that way. 

Because the problem that — that people with AIDS and cancer and muscular dystrophy and other diseases have in the private health insurance market is that the insurance companies don't want to take them. They want to get rid of them. You give them $150-a-month voucher, they can't buy it.

And incidentally, I think that it's time to move step-by-step to universal health care...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... and give the medical decisions back to the doctors and the nurses and take them away from the HMOs. 

LOSER Your question please for Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE Good evening, President — Vice President Gore. My name is Monique Code. And I'd like to ask you a question regarding Medicare for our elderly citizens within our community and elsewhere. If you were to be president, how would you address affordability of prescription Medicare when the salaries of our elderly patients is limited? And it is a problem for those to afford health care in general, but specifically prescription medicine. I need to know how you would — how you would address that issue.

WINNER Right. Thank you. I've made a proposal that will give every single person under Medicare eligibility for financial help in purchasing prescription drugs. I think it's time to take that step.

Now, I think that it's also important to recognize the financial challenges that face the Medicare system as a whole. Now we have — now the baby boom generation getting ready to retire, and whereas there are 40 million people under Medicare today, in not too many years, that's going to double to 80 million. By the year 2015, therefore, the Medicare system will go bankrupt unless we put money from the surplus in now.

One of the big differences between — two big differences between my health care proposal and Senator Bradley's. First, he would not give any prescription drug benefits until a senior citizen had paid $800 of her own money. And second, he doesn't put a dime into the Medicare trust fund from the surplus. And I'll ask again for — as I have in previous debates, why not? 

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER I believe Medicare is a sacred trust. For 18 years, I fought on the Senate Finance Committee to preserve premiums from going up. I once offered an amendment on the Senate floor to prevent premiums from going up and using tobacco tax money in order to prevent it from going up, and Al Gore was one of the few Democrats to vote against that amendment, preferring Big Tobacco over Medicare recipients. 

I will tell you, in addition, I have a prescription drug benefit that will give you no cap. You could have as much as your costs are. Al would cap it.

Let's say I ran into a woman the — I ran into a woman the other day, she said her mother had a $10,000 prescription drug bill. Under the program that I've offered, the government would pay $7,500 of that bill, and under Al's it would pay much, much less, because he caps it at $1,000.

And so I think there's a big difference...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... between a little bit and making sure you give people real insurance for prescription drugs. 

LOSER Vice President Gore?

WINNER Well, I'm in favor of the so-called catastrophic protection, and we put money in the budget this year to take care of that. But the fact remains, under Senator Bradley's plan, the majority of seniors on Medicare would pay more in premiums and get absolutely nothing in return.

And you still haven't answered the question, Senator Bradley; why don't you put any money from the surplus into the Medicare trust fund to shore it up against the financial crisis that's now pending?

LOSER Time.

Senator?

LOSER I've said throughout this campaign that if we grow more than 2.9 percent, then money from — will go from the general revenues — the surplus, to Medicare. We're projected to grow much higher than that if we continue as we are in the path that we're headed now. To me, that is the reasonable way to proceed.

Medicare is solid now. It is solid until 2017. Nobody is questioning that. If we continue to grow, it'll be solid further. If we grow more...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... the money I will take from the surplus and put it in the trust fund. 

LOSER Now, we have a question from the Internet for Senator Bradley, from Middleton, Maryland.

"Senator Bradley, can we limit the number of guns an individual can buy and allow only guns used for hunting?"

LOSER The answer is, yes, we can limit the number of guns that people buy. In fact, I've offered the strongest gun control proposal of any presidential candidate in history. I want registration and licensing of all handguns. All handguns. 

I want to make sure that there're trigger locks on guns, no gun dealers in residential neighborhoods; that we have background checks at gun shows, as well as gun dealers.

And I'll tell you something else. Al has been Bill Clinton's vice president for seven years. He's done a good job as vice president. But he was also a conservative congressman. And when he was a conservative congressman, he voted with the NRA, and the head of the NRA said that he was the poster child or man of the year. So there are two differences here. 

There are two differences.

LOSER Time. Time.

WINNER Senator Bradley, a couple of days ago your campaign said that you wanted to get some things off your chest. Well, since then you're made personal attack after personal attack.

Problem is these attacks don't solve any problems. They do divide us as Democrats. 

They distract us from the real enemy, the right-wing extremist, Confederate-flag-waving Republicans who are trying to roll back the progress that we have made. 

Now, the Clinton-Gore administration has passed the toughest gun control measures in the last 30 years. I cast the tie-breaking vote to close the gun show loophole. Where were you? You had left. You had left. And on the very day......on the very day when I cast that tie-breaking vote, you were out speaking at a fund-raiser. So, let's not kid ourselves, we've got a lot of work to do.

LOSER Time. Time. 

Senator Bradley?

LOSER Well, what you've seen is an elaborate what I call Gore dance. It is...... it is a — it is a dance to avoid facing up to your conservative record on guns.

It is a dance that denies the fact that you do not support registration and licensing of all handguns, but you'd want to give the impression of that, so you say, I'm for licensing of all handguns. I'm for licensing of all  handguns. [laughter]

LOSER Time, time, time.

LOSER What does that mean? I'm for licensing of all new handguns. Only new, not the 65 million that are out there. 

WINNER By all means, Bill, get the negativity off your chest. But then when you get through, let's return to face the real problems that we're facing in this country. 

Now, I support a complete ban on junk guns, Saturday night specials, assault weapons, and, yes, I support photo license IDs for the purchase of all new handguns. When somebody goes down to the gun store, all right — and this is — if passed would be the toughest gun-control measures that we have seen in 30 years.

LOSER Time.

WINNER And we've already passed the toughest in the last 30 years.

LOSER At this point in our debate we go to our panel of journalists.

CNN senior analyst Jeff Greenfield.

Greenfield Senator Bradley, tonight and in other debates, it seems that you are using a policy argument to try to make a different argument, and I want to see if we can get this right on the table.

Policy differences aside, and knowing that the voters will make the ultimate choice, is it your opinion that the vice president has the character, the trustworthiness, the intellectual honesty to make a good president?

LOSER What is your view of this?

LOSER My view is that the people will make this decision. My view also is that if Al were the nominee, I would support him. 

My view — my view, however, is that we have very different views of the Democratic Party. I — in Congress, he introduced four bills that dealt with education and zero bills that dealt with health care. He was a conservative Democrat, did not support national health insurance, an 84 percent right-to-life voting record and was the poster boy for the NRA.

What I'm saying is, That's one view of what the Democratic Party can be. The other view is to go the road of making access to quality affordable health care available to every one in this country, making major investments in urban public schools that need those investments so much......doubling the amount of money spent on Title I, so that urban public schools...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... will have qualified teachers and be accountable to parents.

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER Well, you've got it right, Mr. Greenfield. He questions the character of people who disagree with him.

When NARAL, the leading pro-choice organization in America, endorsed my candidacy, his campaign put out information questioning their character — questioning the character of their leaders.

When the AFL-CIO endorsed me, he put out a statement attacking them.

He confuses disagreement with somebody not being a good person.

Now, yesterday, he even proposed the appointment of new special prosecutor to investigate Democrats. Senator Bradley, you must be the only Democrat in America who misses Ken Starr. [laughter]

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER I did not propose a special prosecutor. I said that the Democratic Party will lose its mantle as a reform party if we don't come to terms with what happened in 1996. And I think the best way to come to terms with what happened in 1996 is for you to tell people exactly what happened, in your own words, so that — let me tell you, if you are...

LOSER Time.

WINNER Well, let me just read you the front — "The New York Times" today, recalling — reporting on your statement yesterday.

LOSER Incorrect.

WINNER "Former Senator Bill Bradley publicly endorsed today the appointment of a special prosecutor...

LOSER It's incorrect.

WINNER ...for the Clinton-Gore campaign in '96."

LOSER It's incorrect.

WINNER Well, take it up with "The New York Times." You're the one that is reported as having said that...

LOSER No. No. It's incorrect.

WINNER And the transcripts — the transcripts... I read the transcript of what you said. Now, the point is — the point is this We have a...

LOSER Time.

WINNER All right. I'll wait.

LOSER The next question from the panel of journalists comes from "Time" magazine's Karen Tumulty.

Tumulty Yes. Senator Bradley, if I could follow up on Jeff's question, clearly in delving 10 and sometimes 20 years back into the vice president's record, you are trying to raise questions of his leadership and questions of his character. If you feel the need to raise those questions, don't you feel you have the responsibility to tell us what you think the answer is? 

LOSER I have — I have told you what I think the answer is. And it is to nominate me as the Democratic nominee of this party. 

That's what I told you.

You know, me calling attention to the fact that he was a conservative Democrat before he was Bill Clinton's vice president is simply truth-telling. It's simply telling people what the facts are.

It's not embroidering the facts. And laying out much bolder proposals on health care and on education than the vice president does is not embroidering anything. It's proposing a new future.

I am — as an example in this campaign, he proposes increasing defense expenditures more than he proposes increasing education expenditures.

WINNER That's not true either, not true. That's not true either. Let me respond to this. You know, we've had basically the same length career in the Congress, and over the course of that time, I'm proud that I have a better COPE voting record measured by the support of working men and women and organized labor than Senator Bradley. I compiled that better record in a state in the South where it was not always that easy compared to New Jersey.

I have — I am the one who has been endorsed by the leading pro-choice group. I have been endorsed by organized labor. I have been endorsed by Senator Ted Kennedy and by virtually the entire Congressional Black Caucus.

Now, do you think that they all have such poor judgment, Senator Bradley? 

LOSER What I think is they don't know your record as a conservative Democrat. [booing] 

LOSER They — they don't know that you voted five times over three years for a tax exemption for schools that discriminate on the basis of race. It's in the record. The Black Caucus stated so.

LOSER Time.

LOSER It's there in the record.

WINNER You know what? In my experience, Black Caucus is pretty savvy. They know a lot more than you think they know. 

You know, they're not — black — Congressional Black Caucus is not out there being led around, you know. They know what the score is. And they also know that their brothers and sisters in New Jersey said you were never for them walking the walk, just talking the talk. 

LOSER Could I — Bernie, could I on that?

LOSER The vice president still has how many more seconds?

WINNER Sharpe James is here...

LOSER Your time is out.

WINNER ... the mayor of the largest city. He can tell you.

LOSER Your time is out.

WINNER Well, I thought you said I still had time.

LOSER Well, I misspoke. 

I misspoke.

And senator, your staffs agreed that you had a minute apiece, 30 seconds apiece. We can't allow anything other than that.

The last question from the journalists on the panel will be "TIME's" Tamala Edwards.

Edwards Yes, my question is for the vice president.

Mr. Vice President, twice tonight when asked about things you've answered about education — incarceration, reparations. In fact, a majority of the African-American community supports vouchers, 60 percent. However, one thing that you're proud of is you like to say you always have opposed vouchers.

AUDIENCE And you've criticized Senator Bradley for even wanting to experiment with them. However, you, yourself, are the product of private institutions, as are all your children.

In fact, your — the only child you still have at home, your son, Albert, is a junior at Sidwell Friends, a very expensive Washington, D.C., private school.

Is there not a public or charter school in D.C. good enough for your child? And, if not......why should the parents here have to keep their kids in public schools because they don't have the financial resources that you do?

WINNER Well, all of my — all of my children — you know, you can leave them out of this, if you want to, but all of my children have gone to both public schools and private schools.

The reason I have opposed vouchers is because I think they represent a big and historic mistake by draining money away from public schools at a time when we need to lift up the public schools. 

Now, you're right that — you're right that Senator Bradley voted for vouchers every single time they came up for a vote during his entire 18 years in the Senate. I think those votes were a mistake.

The Republicans always portray them as experiments, because that's how they try to get Democrats to go along with it.

I think that what we need, instead, is to bring revolutionary improvements to our public schools, not gradual — gradual improvement. 

And we need to start by treating our teachers like the professionals that they are, and rewarding them adequately, and raising standards, and invest — I propose a 50-percent increase...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... in the federal share of investment in public education.

LOSER Senator Bradley? 

LOSER When I talk to people in urban America, they're very concerned about their schools. In 1968, I worked right here in Harlem, at an Urban League street academy. Ran a little reading program at 116th and Lenox, it was called, then.

And it was an experience that seared me with the need to do something about urban public education.

I frequently fought and always voted to increase Title I fundings. And in this program, in this year, in this election, what I have done is to advocate doubling Title I money, which is the largest federal program that goes to urban schools and to use that money to improve the quality of the teaching — every teacher has to be qualified — to hold schools accountable so that we reduce the disparity between minority and nonminority performance, and give parents, give parents the freedom to move...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... from one public school to another public school if the second one is a better performing school. That's an investment in urban public education. 

WINNER I believe we should make it the top priority also by investing in the construction of new schools and new classrooms and giving — and having universal preschool for every child and every family, and giving — and giving families help in paying college tuition.

Now, when I began my campaign I made this the top priority. Senator Bradley went for 14 months before making a speech on education policy per se. And I would like to ask him a question. Why now do you still...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... not provide money to help in constructing schools or paying college tuition?

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER OK. We have a different view of what education is. Al views it as a box with some programs in it. I view it as beginning at birth, extending through every life stage and being for everyone.

That is why I make a major investment in the first four years of life so that kids will have early education. That's why I increase Head Start by 400,000 slots, you don't. That's why I create 2,000 after school programs, patterned on the Beacon Schools Program in this very city.

LOSER Time.

LOSER And that's why I make major investments in community colleges in this country, because those are the first step up the rung of achievement for people in America. 

LOSER Ladies and gentlemen, we will continue this live Democratic presidential candidates' debate from the Apollo Theater after this commercial break.

[television break]

LOSER The stump was mounted in the wings of the Apollo.

As the story goes, Ella Fitzgerald, Billy Holiday, Lauryn Hill and other future stars rubbed the stump when they were competing at Amateur Night at the Apollo. And they won.

Continuing our debate from the stage of the Apollo theater, a question for Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE Good evening. My name is Clayton Banks. I'd like to know what your criteria will be for selecting your vice president. And will we see the first black vice president or minority president? 

WINNER Well, first of all, let me say I was interested in the story about the tree of hope. That's why I touched it on the way out here, as Senator Bradley did also. But I want to work to make the tree of hope the tree of reality for Harlem and for the people of this country.

Now as for a vice presidential running mate or a Cabinet or anything like that, I have refrained from — from making any short list or long list because I don't want to get ahead of myself. I'm focused on trying to convince folks to go to the polls and support my candidacy on March the 7th. And so I don't want to get ahead of myself.

But I'll tell you this The one criterion that I would use if I have that privilege is to select someone who would be capable of becoming president on a moment's notice in case that had to happen. And of course, I would make that selection without regard to race or gender or ethnicity or national origin.

Well, national origin, he'd have to be an American. He or she would have to be an American under the Constitution. 

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER I think the first criteria is that the person should be able to step into the office if the president was not there and perform the duties exceptionally well.

I think the second criteria is that the person should be able to help in a campaign.

The third is that the person should be someone that the president has the ability to get along with and can be a partner.

I think there are plenty of African-Americans in this country who fit that criteria. I think one of the......you know, if Dr. Martin Luther King came back today and looked out there and saw this country, he would say on one way that dream has been fulfilled, because he said once the overt shackles of discrimination are removed then African-Americans will ascend to places of prominence in every field in America. And that is precisely what's happened.

The pool is out there. And so I would seriously consider it. In my own appointments of federal judges, two of the three federal judges that I appointed in New Jersey were African-American.

LOSER Time.

LOSER And my staffs, both in the Senate and in the campaign, reflect diversity as well. 

LOSER Vice President Gore?

WINNER I think I answered the question. Do you want...

LOSER Is that all right with you, sir?

WINNER That suits me.

LOSER Well...

LOSER OK, then we'll...

LOSER... I think — I think that, if I could take my 30, I think that the key thing is to recognize that we are truly at a new time here, and we're at a new time where there are new possibilities, and we are at a time where we have a lot of prosperity, but that prosperity hasn't filtered down to everyone.

But we also know that discrimination comes in different forms. It's now the bank, it's now the digital divide. But we begin to also lead by examples...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... of people we put before the public. And elected leaders who are African-American are important to put before the public to demonstrate for young people...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... that they too can have a career in politics.

LOSER Time.

This question for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, Vice President Gore, my name is William Sweden, and here is my question.

The Confederate flag has been flying over the statehouse in South Carolina for as long as I can remember. What would you do, Senator Bradley, and Vice President Gore you can chip in, to have this racist symbol removed? 

LOSER What I've already done is gone to Columbia, South Carolina, to Benedict College, and made in no uncertain terms a speech to say, Take this flag down. 

And I also called the governor. And in the speech I pointed out that the Confederate flag over the capital has not been there since the Civil War. It was put up after the 1964 Civil Rights Act was passed, and in the period of desegregation, as a defiant symbol against desegregation in America.

In my view, it represents the past not the future of America. And as president of the United States I would not let up on beating that drum day after day after day. The large majority of people in South Carolina want the flag to come...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... and the question is whether the elected officials will honor what the people want.

LOSER Vice President Gore. 

WINNER I agree with what Senator Bradley said. Both of us have made numerous statements and speeches about this.

I think it is to the everlasting embarrassment of the modern Republican Party that both of their leading candidates for president went to South Carolina and took a position that they were scared to say anything about taking the Confederate battle flag down. And I think that — I think that was a very serious mistake.

You know, who we are as a people will be determined, as much as anything else, by how we address the challenge of diversity and inclusion and harmony. This — this month is the 35th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. Next — March 7th, the day of the primary here in New York, is the 35th anniversary of the Pettis Bridge and the march on Selma. Today is the 35th anniversary of the assassination of Malcolm X.

LOSER Time.

WINNER We have an obligation to bring our people together. The American flag unites us, the Confederate flag divides us. One flag, one nation under God indivisible. That's my position. 

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER I wonder if any of you in here know what the subject was of Governor George Bush's speech at Bob Jones University.

It was called, "The New Conservatism." Now, the only thing that I observe is that by going to Bob Jones University to make a speech about the new conservatism, the new conservatism doesn't look a heck of a lot different to me than the old conservatism. 

And I think, once again, we cannot have, we must not have tax-exempt status for schools...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... who discriminate on the basis of race.

LOSER Vice President Gore. 

WINNER I agree that we shouldn't have tax-exempt status for schools that discriminate on the basis of race. And I'm glad Bob Jones University does not have a tax exemption.

The only thing I would add to what I said earlier about the historic anniversaries that we are celebrating this year, is that I would like to take just a moment, because I recognize his presence in the audience, to acknowledge the presence of Martin Luther King III. And I'm certainly honored that you are with us, Martin. 

Stand up. Stand up. 

LOSER Your question, please, for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Reverend Gregory Cook. New York City. Union Baptist Church.

This past week, Governor Bush was asked in the media, what was his opinion in regards to a moratorium on the death penalty in light of the new DNA testing.

To Vice President Gore and to Senator Bradley, what will be your policy regarding a national moratorium on the death penalty in light of the fact that new DNA evidence has released an overwhelming amount of convicted criminals, quote, unquote, "minority individuals," and in view of the disproportionate amount of minorities convicted by our so-called injustice system? 

WINNER I think that the problem of racial profiling that we started with is just the beginning of the problems we have to face within the criminal justice system, including sentencing; the disparities between crack and powder cocaine, for example, as they're currently written, are not justified by the scientific evidence; the practices of many law enforcement agencies need to be changed, as we've talked about; and, where the death penalty is concerned, I strongly support the inquiry under way right now in the U.S. Justice Department to see whether or not the racial disparity on the surface of the data justifies action of a kind that they're now exploring.

I think that the record that the governor of Illinois confronted was, kind of, different from what it is nationally so far.

LOSER Time.

WINNER I do support the death penalty, but I — and I do not support a moratorium at this time. Senator Bradley's attacked me for not supporting the death penalty enough. But I think that this inquiry...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... this inquiry in the Justice Department should be pursued.

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER The most important thing that we can do now to deal with the disparity in the application of the death penalty of African-Americans is to pass the Racial Justice Act, which would indeed reduce that disparity. But to do that, you need a president who's going to stand up and try to tell the...

[audio gap]

LOSER I will be that president. 

I will push for the Racial Justice Act. I will — I will not, at the end of the day, compromise it. It will either be in a crime bill, or there will not be a crime bill if I am president of the United States. 

The issue of the criminal justice system is, though, deeper than simply the death penalty. There is unequal justice in this country. Not only racial profiling, not only crack cocaine — which I would change the differential...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... but also in terms of kids getting mandatory sentences for first-time, non-violent drug use and being put away 20 years. That should not happen. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER Well, I think that we should call for a lot of changes, including a review of the kinds of penalties that are calculated under the "three strikes and you're out." I think the focus ought to be on truly violent crime. I do believe that we need to, as said earlier, continue reducing the crime rate. And I do believe that community policing is a good strategy.

LOSER Time.

WINNER But we also need more prevention and alternatives for young people and education. 

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER I think programmatic responses are important. But this is a deeper moral issue for the country. You cannot have individuals who are African-American living in a community, law abiding citizens, they go out and they're victimized by crime.

And then they tell their son, who is a great kid, who is doing all the things right, when he goes you out, watch out Saturday night, because you're driving while black and that's dangerous in this country.

We have to have elected officials that are going to get beyond...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... and challenge white America to stop denying the plight of black Americans and the indignities that they're experiencing. 

LOSER Your question, please, for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Yes. I'm Peggy Shepherd with West Harlem Environmental Action.

Senator Bradley, would you initiate new policies or expand upon President Clinton's executive order on environmental justice to better protect communities of color like the Harlems of the world that are disproportionately impacted by pollution cited in our communities, by growing health disparities and by an asthma epidemic?

LOSER The...

The answer is yes. I think that there's no question that there's environmental pollution endangering urban America. I mean, just smell the buses in Harlem. Just smell the diesel fuel that comes out of Harlem out of those buses.

It seems to me that a president could have an impact by getting to the MTA and telling the MTA, "Replace those buses with natural gas buses." 

Second, if you had a health care program that I've offered where every child in America is covered, you could be seen earlier.

And third, if you are located in a community with a community health center, it would be easily accessible. So I would do all of those things. 

LOSER Vice President Gore?

WINNER Well, I've worked on this environmental problem for a long time, including the problem of environmental justice. When I was in the United States Senate, I was the principal sponsor, along with Congressman John Lewis in the House of Representatives, of the Environmental Justice Act. And I argued successfully that President Clinton ought to issue the executive order on environmental justice. And yes, I think that I can be strengthened. But I think that it's doing us some good things right now.

I think that we ought to have clean air and clean water, and we ought to have a president who's willing to fight for them. And incidentally, we can improve our economy and create millions of good new jobs, if we go about building the new technologies that can help clean up the environment.

We also have to reclaim the abandoned brown fields that are in urban areas, that often have some environmental problems associated with them; clean them up, have a set standard and then give tax incentives to bring new jobs into the communities that have been abandoned.

LOSER Time.

WINNER And bring back economic hope. 

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER You know...

AUDIENCE Vice President Gore, if you support environmental justice. what do you do about the fact that $500,000 of your money, and...



LOSER Your question, please, Senator Bradley.

Senator Bradley would you please, after we get this done, respond to the question asked you, please? Thank you.



We're going to go — we're going to pause.

LOSER If I could...



LOSER But I want you to respond to the question asked you. I want — I want...



Well, he might very well do that.

The question — the question on the table was asked by the lady and Senator Bradley will respond to that question.

LOSER I was driving up here tonight on Frederick Douglass Boulevard, and I must say, as I drove up I saw abandoned building after abandoned building. I saw incredible potential unfilled.

If I am president of the United States, there will be a major investment program in Harlem and urban America like the street that I drove up. And that means Community Reinvestment Act...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... and it means major investment in home ownership in Harlem and other African-American communities. 

LOSER And now an Internet question for the vice president.

My apology, Mr. Gore, you have a 30-second response.

WINNER Yes, I thought so. Thank you. Thank you.

We have brought new investment to urban America. We have produced 20 million new jobs in the last seven years. We have the lowest African-American unemployment in the history of the United States. We brought an empowerment zone with Charlie......Congressman Charlie Rangel's help right here to Harlem.

Next door to this theater, I met with a workman putting in a new computer software store just this morning.

We need to do a lot more. We need to enforce the Community Reinvestment Act and broaden it to apply to other financial institutions...

LOSER Time. 

WINNER ... that have investments in the community. 

LOSER And now, Mr. Vice President, we go to the Internet for a question for you from CNN.com from Navarre, Florida.

The question is "With all of the talk about tax reductions, why won't the candidates just keep the tax rates the same and pay off the national debt?" 

WINNER Pretty good question. I think that the risky tax scheme, as I always call it, that's been proposed by the Republican candidates is reckless and would be very harmful to our country, because what we need to do instead is to use the surplus to safeguard Social Security first and foremost. I'm opposed to raising the retirement age or cutting Social Security benefits.

Secondly, we need to put money from the surplus into the Medicare program to strengthen it before the retirement of the baby boom generation.

Then, we need to pay down the national debt, because that keeps interest rates low. We have $19 billion more this year in the budget because we paid down the debt by 170 billion in the last two years.

Any tax cut ought to be targeted and affordable and aimed at Americans' expenses for education and health care and environmental protection. We should reject the Republican tax scheme out of hand.

LOSER Time. Senator Bradley. 

LOSER I don't think that cutting taxes now is the answer. I think that now we have unprecedented prosperity. We have large budget surpluses.

We should be fixing our roof while the sun is shining. We should now be passing national health insurance. We should now be making major investments in our urban schools and schools across this country. And we should commit, as I have, to reduce child poverty by 4 million in the first four years, and eliminate child poverty in 10 years.

But you know, to do that we have to understand where people live their lives. And earlier I was talking about Al as the conservative Democrat, and he was saying 20 years ago, not so long ago, 1996, the welfare reform bill — and the welfare reform bill that Al Gore urged President Clinton to sign in the middle of the campaign so as to win the election was truly a gamble with poor children in this country.

LOSER Time.

LOSER And that's a gamble that I think shouldn't have been taken. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER You know, you're so fond of the old welfare system...[booing]...what I was concerned about and still would be concerned about, well, reforming it and changing it was the objective, because it trapped people in welfare. If they got off welfare, their children lost health insurance, their public housing rent went up.  And millions of people who wanted to get good jobs were told in effect if you go out into the work force, you're going to lose money.

LOSER Time.

WINNER It needed to be changed and it has worked for the most part.

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER The welfare reform bill that exists now, the welfare system is not the welfare bill that was passed in 1996. There have been changes. There have been significant changes for legal immigrants. There have been significant changes on the time that people can be on welfare.

And in addition to that, there are now hundreds of thousands of children in this country who do not have health insurance, because when they lose their welfare and go off of welfare, they automatically lose Medicaid eligibility for their health insurance. 

LOSER Time. Now we go to our...

WINNER Don't I — don't I have a 30-second now?

LOSER No, sir.

WINNER OK. Sorry.

LOSER Now we go to our panel of journalists. "Time" magazine's Tamala Edwards with a question for Senator...

Edwards Bradley.

LOSER Bradley.

Edwards Senator, a couple of times tonight, as you've raised different issues, the vice president has suggested that your positions might be a function of your standing in the race. And you, yourself, have pointed out that currently you're the underdog. In fact it's been interesting that over a year some of the issues you've raised, the endorsements you've collected, including Michael Jordan, in recent weeks, that you continue to lag in this community.

And what's been interesting to me, talking to people about that is that they subdivide it and say — experts that is — and say that you tend to do very well among middle class and upper class blacks, in places like Montclair and New Rochelle. But where you're lagging behind are in working-and lower-class communities like Harlem and Brooklyn.

A few years ago Public Enemy famously played this stage. And so I'm going to paraphrase Chuck D. and ask why is that you have been able to reach the bourgeoisie, but not rock the boulevard? 

LOSER You know what's interesting about your question, Tamala — and I am disappointed there're not more support in the African American community according to the polls, because if you look at the programs that I've offered — health insurance access to all Americans, guarantees for children, making sure that we have community health centers — that is aimed at a population that's disproportionately poor. For example, you have about 25 percent of African-Americans who don't have health insurance.

In terms of the education program, the public education programs that I've explained tonight go to primarily urban and some rural areas that have high numbers of poor children in them.

If you take the whole effort on eliminating child poverty, you have 40 percent of African-American children living in poverty.

If you look at the respective positions, there is no question that the positions that I've advocated...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... are stronger for the community than the positions that Al has advocated. 

LOSER Vice President Gore?

WINNER Well, if I translate that answer, what he's saying is that people on the street are in the same position that he said the Congressional Black Caucus is in They just don't, in his view, understand his proposals.

Now I tell you, that's what he's saying. It's exactly what he's saying. He's saying that if they just understood what the proposals were, they would support him.

Well, let me tell you what the problem with that is. The presidency is not an academic exercise. It's not a seminar on some grand theory.

People on the street know very well that the presidency is a day-by-day fight for real people who face real problems.

And they know that the Clinton-Gore administration has been fighting for them. They know that I want to fight for them. 

I want to fight for your families. I want to fight for your community. I want to fight for more jobs. I want to fight to lift this country up. And that's why I am running for president, not on the basis of some theory. In theory...

LOSER Time.

WINNER Oh, they still have the 30 second up. I wasn't intentionally going over.

LOSER She was just a tad slow getting it up.

WINNER She was carried away in the emotion of the moment. [laughter]

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER I think on so many levels that the debate doesn't reflect truly the richness of our country nor the opportunity of the moment. And the question is not which person can get the most elected leadership support. The question is which person's program will best benefit the people out there who are working every day, the people who are trying to make ends meet...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... the people who need to have somebody who's going to fight for them every day. 

LOSER Our next question for Vice President Gore, from Karen...

(Unknown) [off-mike]

LOSER Thirty seconds now, sir. Don't mean to bullox you.

WINNER No, that's all right. In theory, the idea of eliminating Medicaid and giving people $150-a-month voucher might sound good in theory. But you talk to people on the street outside the Apollo Theater and you ask them about it.

And they know that you can't go out there and buy an insurance policy that will cover your health care benefits, much less prescription drug benefits, for $150 a month. The theory is one thing; the reality is something else. 

LOSER Time.

WINNER I'm fighting for a better reality for the people of this country. 

LOSER Our next question for Vice President Gore comes from "TIME's" Karen Tumulty.

Tumulty Thank you. Mr. Vice President, twice tonight you've been asked questions about how justice is administered in this country. At a time when crime rates are falling, the prison population is swelling to the point where 2 million Americans are incarcerated, two-thirds of federal inmates are either black or Hispanic, is this something the Clinton administration anticipated when President Clinton signed tougher crime laws and why is this happening?

WINNER I think there are...

I said earlier, Karen, that I think that we ought to review the nature of the crimes that are included in the calculation of this three strikes and you're out provision. I also think that we need to focus more on prevention. We need to give more alternatives to incarceration.

And as I said at the start of this debate, I believe that we need to spend as much time and effort and money and energy on education as we do on incarceration. I think that prevention and education and alternatives really represent the long-term answer.

We have got to keep our neighborhoods and our communities safe. I think that community policing does work. I think that we need to add to it provisions that will take race out of the equation in law enforcement.

We talked about a lot of these issues here this evening.

LOSER Time.

WINNER But I think the long-term answer is much more prevention.

LOSER For Vice President Gore, this question from Jeff Greenfield.

WINNER I think he gets...

LOSER I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

LOSER Al — the vice president said he wanted to take race out of I think the criminal justice system or out of policing, he said. That requires a president who is strong and willing to lead on the central question of race in our country today.

And that means sometimes telling white Americans what they don't want to hear.

And I, therefore, don't do it with any kind of pointed finger. But take the issue of white skin privilege. Now, what is white skin privilege? White skin privilege — did you see the television program a couple years ago where a black couple and a white couple, exactly parallel, went to 10 places to get apartments or houses. The black couple was rejected in all. The white couple was accepted in all.

But in a more personal sense, what is white skin privilege?

When I was a rookie in the NBA, I got a lot of offers to do television and commercials — to do advertisements. I didn't — and why did I get those? White skin privilege.

I wasn't the best player on the team, but I didn't take those because I thought that was not the right thing to do and that they were — should have gone to my African-American teammates.

We have to explain white skin privilege. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER Now — I get 30 seconds now?

LOSER Yes, sir.

WINNER All right. Just three days ago, I talked to an African-American law enforcement officer in Springfield, Massachusetts, in one of my open meetings. And he — he and I had an exchange on this.

Here's what he said that he thinks needs to be done. He says that you — you've got to put a lot more emphasis in the training of law enforcement officers on this question but not just training in the law enforcement techniques; also in human relations.

Some of the changes...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... in the heart that people sometimes go through can be brought about more readily with the right kind of experiences and education and training, and personnel selection.

LOSER Well, I think that one of the most important things here is making sure that young African-Americans, Latinos, participate in the political process.

And they should know that nothing is going to intimidate them from participating in that political process. And I think that what we need to do, and what I would do as president if I were elected, is to make the Voting Rights Act permanent.

LOSER Time.

LOSER I've talked to Martin Luther King Jr. about this, Martin King about this. It is very important to make the Voting Rights Act permanent so that the right to vote will never be endangered for African-Americans. 

LOSER Journalist Jeff Greenfield has a question for Vice President Gore.

Greenfield Mr. Vice President, when Tamala asked you about schools and your children you bristled a bit, so let me depersonalize this. You and Mrs. Gore, Senator Bradley and his wife, me, any parent of means has the choice, you can send your child to public or private school. But when the public schools fail our children we don't wait for new legislation, we protect our kids' future by pulling them out of those public schools.

There are tens of thousands of parents, disproportionately black and brown, who do not have that choice. And I would put on the table one of the staunchest opponents of that choice are the two major teachers unions that happen to supply one in nine of the delegates to the Democratic National Convention.

The question is, after 35 years and $100 billion in Title I money, with SAT scores that gap no narrower, why shouldn't these parents conclude that the Democratic Party's opposition to choice is an example of supporting a special interest rather than their interest?

WINNER Well, it's not the......it's not the opinion of the NEA and the AFT that's reflected in the policies supported by Democrats, it's the opinion of the overwhelming majority of Americans.

This issue of public funds to private and parochial schools is not a new one in America.

Abraham Lincoln faced it in his race for the state legislature in Illinois. It is a perennial issue.

But a higher percentage of American students go to public schools today than ever in our history. The absolute number is an all-time record.

Now, if I felt that the only alternative to vouchers was to continue things the way they are, then I would feel, perhaps, the same way.

That's why I think that the alternative must be — not the same kind of gradual change, much less status quo that we've had. We have to have revolutionary improvements. I have proposed a 50-percent increase in the federal role; a $10,000 hiring bonuses for teachers...

LOSER Time.

WINNER ... that teach in areas; plans to turn around failing schools. And if I had more time, I'd give you the rest of it. Go to algore2000.com on the Internet and see the details. 

LOSER Senator Bradley?

LOSER You know, Jeff, I think you raised a very important point. There's not a parent in an urban area in America that doesn't think about it. And in fact, the reason I voted for experiments in vouchers, on several occasions, was because I was listening to those parents.

I represented New Jersey, second highest per capita income in the country, but five of the poorest places. I would do town meetings in Newark, Jersey City, and African-American parents would come up to me and say, Our school is a disaster drugs, violence, teachers that aren't qualified. Nobody cares. What are you going to do about it?

And I said, Well, you ought to join the school board. They'd look at me like I just descended from Mars. They'd say, Wait a minute, we join the school board — we can't. We go to work at 600, get home at 900.

So I voted to give them a chance with a couple of experiments. There are now experiments in Milwaukee and in Cleveland. But I think the answer is not vouchers because the system isn't big enough. The answer is a major new investment in public education under Title I, but not the money just flowing in, but the money flowing in making the schools accountable for results and qualified teachers. 

LOSER Vice President Gore.

WINNER I'd — in addition to hiring bonuses for new teachers, I have a $25 billion plan worth of interest-free bonds to build new schools, modernize schools, connect all the classrooms and libraries to the Internet; give the teachers the training and professional development opportunities that they need; expand Head Start, yes; and universal preschool for every child, as I mentioned before; help for parents and families in paying college tuition; plans to turn around failing schools.

LOSER Time.

WINNER We've got to have an all-out national effort to lift up our schools dramatically. This is the information age. It's absolutely essential. 

LOSER Senator Bradley.

LOSER If a child goes to kindergarten and is sick, the child is not going to learn. And under the health care program that I've offered, every child would have a doctor.

I know a teacher that tells a story about a child who comes in sick, she puts him in the back of the room in a bed of coats, because the child is sick and doesn't have health insurance. So health insurance is education policy as well. Gun control is education policy as well. There are 800,000 kids...

LOSER Time.

LOSER ... that took a gun to school at one day last year.

LOSER Time.

LOSER So we have to see this a little bigger then simply a box that says "education," and deal with all the influences that come in on our system of education.

LOSER Senator Bradley and Vice President Gore, when we come back, closing statements from each of you after this very short break.

[television break]

LOSER Welcome back to the concluding moments of this Democratic presidential candidate debate.

By a draw before this debate, the vice president will go first with his one-minute closing statement, to be followed by Senator Bradley.

Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Thank you very much, Bernie.

I'm proud of what we have achieved together, and that's one of the reasons why I have such faith and hope in our ability to build a bright future together. Let me tell you about a young woman from Louisiana who is here.

She's made history and she's helping me make history with this campaign. Her name is Donna Brazile, and she's the manager of my presidential campaign nationally. 

Her mother was a maid, her father was a janitor. She worked hard to get a good education. She helped to change the community, and now she's helping to change this country.

I want to provide opportunities for all Americans to bring about the kind of future that our children deserve. That's why I think we have to invest in education as the number one priority; why we need to keep the prosperity going, enforce the civil rights laws and make sure that nobody is left out of the prosperity and have the kind of future that all Americans deserve.

I ask for your vote on March the 7th. Thank you. 

LOSER Senator Bradley, your one minute, sir.

LOSER Someone once said that a lot of people want to change the world, but only a few people want to change themselves.

When it comes to the issue of race in America we have to do both. We have to change the underlying conditions and we also have to change the hearts of the American people. We have to do both.

I believe the American people are good people. But, as the doctor — Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King once said, that the reason the civil rights revolution didn't occur sooner than it did in America was because of the silence of good people.

What my campaign is about is asking good people to come forward and join us so that our voices will be heard. I believe that we can move ahead in this country as one nation, I believe we can respect each other, but you need a strong president who's going to put this as the number one issue on his agenda every day in his administration, and I will do that.

LOSER Thank you, gentlemen. 

Gentlemen, thank you very much.

And thus, another historic performance has concluded on the stage of this very fabled theater. And tonight's performance by these two gentlemen has been in the best tradition of American politics. 

CNN and "TIME" have extended the same invitation to the Republican presidential candidates to have an Apollo Theater debate. 

Coming up, a post-debate program including live interviews with candidates Gore and Bradley, hosted by "TIME" magazine managing editor Walter Isaacson and CNN senior analyst Jeff Greenfield.

Be sure to follow full coverage of the Michigan and Arizona primary returns tomorrow night beginning at 800 p.m. Eastern on CNN. And also this programming note CNN and "The Los Angeles Times" will host two debates. On March 1st, the Democratic presidential candidates; on March 2nd, the Republican presidential candidates.

For now, again, our thanks to tonight's sponsors, the United Missionary Baptist Association and to the Harlem Host Committee.

I'm Bernard Shaw. Good night from the Apollo Theater. 

MODERATOR Thank you for joining us as the Democratic presidential contenders hold their final debate before the New Hampshire primary next Tuesday. If you were with us earlier, you know that the Republican candidates finished their debate in this very studio just half an hour ago.

Griffith That's right. And our New Hampshire voters take this political tradition that we do every four years very seriously. And we hope tonight that the people of New Hampshire, the people in their living rooms, will be able to explore the issues, examine the candidates, and then finally make up their minds on Tuesday.

The debate, the rules much similar to the one before. During the next half hour Judy and I will pose questions to the candidates. Each candidate will also have time to question one another. And then, of course, both gentlemen will have their closing remarks.

MODERATOR And now let's welcome the Democratic candidates Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley.

Gentlemen, thank you both.

The first...

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR The first question goes to Mr. Gore.

Most people believe that you are an honorable man, but when it comes to electoral politics your critics, including some Democrats, say that you will do almost anything to win, including reinventing yourself, using consultants no matter what their reputation, and running not just a tough, but a mean-spirited campaign. Newspaper editorials here in New Hampshire and around the country accuse you of distorting Mr. Bradley's record. Is this really necessary to win your party's nomination?

WINNER Well, Judy, of course I strongly challenge your characterization. And there is nothing that I have said in this campaign that is in any way mean spirited. I have never run a negative personal attack against my opponent and I never will. I have never even mentioned his name or show his picture in an advertisement and I have no plans to.

Now, I think that some people who feel uncomfortable when the substance of positions if criticized confuse free-spirited debate on the substance of issues with negative attacks. It's not a negative attack to defend Medicaid when Senator Bradley proposes to substitute vouchers or subsidies, as he prefers to call them, limited to $150 per month per person.

It's not anything but an exercise in democracy to defend Medicare, and say what all the independent analysts have said, that because the baby boom generation is about to retire, doubling the population of Medicare recipients, we need to start putting money into the trust fund.

Senator John McCain has the same position.

MODERATOR Well, Mr. Vice President, there have been, evidently, several distortions of Mr. Bradley's record. And I'm going to cite just two of them. You charged, for example, that his health care plan would eliminate federal standards for nursing homes. It would not.

Number two, you charge, in supporting that he — in supporting pilot, private school voucher programs — which he did, he voted to siphon off money from public education, which is also not the case.

Now was this a matter of misinformation, or were you just being political?

WINNER Well, Judy, I disagree again with your characterization. Federal nursing home standards are enforced by the providing of money, under the Medicaid program, to more than two-thirds of all the nursing home patients who get as much as half of their money from Medicaid.

When the federal government says, "Look, you have got to abide by standards," the only threat they have to enforce those standards is withdrawing money.

Now on public school vouchers — private school vouchers, Senator Bradley voted every time it came up in the Senate, for private school vouchers. It's pretty well accepted that there is a limited amount of money in communities for public schools, and if you take some of that money and devote it to private schools, over time that is going to result in the siphoning of money away from the public schools.

Griffith Thank you, Mr. Gore.

Mr. Bradley, I want to get right to the heart of the education issue with you since we've been talking about it. As you know, traveling through New Hampshire, we're struggling in this state with a heavy-duty funding education — education funding issue. We have a new state-wide property tax. Many of our schools are in fact overcrowded. Some in disrepair.

We have the problem of unfunded federal mandates for special education, in which some parents in this state actually want their children to be coded so that they can get the extra tutor or the extra attention without having the federal dollars coming from Washington to cover those expenses for the districts.

If we fund the mandates and create vouchers wouldn't it help the public schools by lowering the enrollments and in fact giving the public schools more money or no?

LOSER No, I don't think so. I think that the key thing when it comes to education, generally, is to conceive of education as beginning at birth, extending through every life stage, and being for everyone.

This morning I was in Manchester at the Y, at an early child care program. The first three years of life are decisive in terms of early brain formation. That's why I think you begin investing in education in those first three or four years. I think then it's important to increase the Head Start slots by 400,000, because that prepares kids to go to school.

And then I think it's very important to — when you get to elementary and secondary, that the biggest thing that the federal government can do in the next decade, is to try to put 600,000 new, qualified teachers in classrooms in this country, and 2,000 after-school programs for kids, so between 300 and 800 they have some place to go.

Then a major investment in community colleges, and more funding for special education, which would reduce the property tax burden on New Hampshire property tax payers.

Griffith So, can you go ahead an clarify your voucher position, then, at this time?

LOSER Sure. I don't think that vouchers are the answer to the problems of public education. I voted for it several times when I was in the Senate as an experiment. There are now two experiments going on. I don't think it's the answer to the problems of public education.

Griffith Thank you very much.

I want to go now to Vice President Gore, if I can.

Mr. Gore, tell us how, first of all, you plan to tax Internet commerce during your administration. And get a little bit specific about issues like business-to-business commerce, and also about the taxing of electronic retailing for those kinds of establishments that have what Wall Street calls both a brick-and-mortar establishment, and do commerce on the Internet.

WINNER Bricks and clicks, they refer to it.

Griffith Bricks and clicks.

WINNER Well, I haven't — I haven't proposed taxing Internet commerce or e-commerce at all, Tom. Right now, there is a dispute ongoing between the Internet service providers and the Internet community generally on the one hand, and the state and local government leaders on the other hand, who have depended on sales tax revenue and who are worried that they might see all of that revenue lost over time.

I strongly support a moratorium preventing any taxation of the Internet as negotiations are encouraged between the state and local jurisdictions and the Internet service providers.

Griffith Could you give me — are you willing to go on the record with a John McCain style of "no taxes under no circumstances" type of pledge?

WINNER Well, I haven't proposed any. I think that we need to — and I'm against it. But I think that we need to let these negotiations continue. Because there are two sides to this, and it's completely unfair to subject the Internet to thousands of different taxing jurisdictions. And if we can find a way to avoid it all together, that would be great.

But the state and local government leaders also have a point. And they're trying to make that point in the negotiations that are under way right now. And I think the best thing we can do is facilitate those negotiations and try to get a reasonable compromise.

Griffith Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, we talked with a number of Democratic voters in Iowa, where you've just come from, and here in New Hampshire who say they like you, they respect you, but they think you are too laid back in this contest.

They note your determination to avoid going negative. But they worry that in the fall the Democrats are going to need a fighter to go up against what will surely be a relentlessly tough campaign put on by the Republicans, and they say they don't see that fight in you. Is it there?

LOSER Judy, I think if you looked at my record in the United States Senate you'd see a lot of fights that I made that were very successful. For example, in the early 1980s I began to fight for tax reform, which was lower rates and fewer loopholes, creating a tax system where equal incomes paid equal taxes. People said that could never happen — that that would never happen because the special interests would stop it. Well, we overcame the special interests and we made it happen.

Once I — in the latter part of my terms in the Senate, I discovered that women were being pushed out of the hospital in 24 hours after giving birth. I got angry, and I introduced legislation, I marshalled public support, 85,000 letters came into my office, and over a 15-month period we worked hard until we passed the law.

I fight for my convictions and for the things I believe in. I don't believe in politics as usual where it's simply charge-countercharge. I believe in fighting for principle.

And I can guarantee you one thing. In the fall against the Republican there'd be a lot to fight about.

MODERATOR Well, you say that, however, Mr. Bradley, you have surrogates in this campaign who are being very tough on Mr. Gore. Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, the widow of the late Massachusetts Senator Paul Tsongas, both of them on the air now attacking Mr. Gore for suggesting that he has distorted your record. Are you hiding behind them and letting them do your dirty work?

LOSER No, I'm not, Judy. I just think politics should be a case of belief and not tactics; that it should be a case of saying what you're for, not what you're against; it should be a matter of bringing issues to the fore, not demeaning your opponent.

And, unfortunately, that has not been reciprocated on the other side in this campaign.

Griffith Gentlemen, this is our opportunity to ask one another questions. We're going to start with you, Mr. Gore, if you'd like to pose a question to Senator Bradley.

WINNER Yes. First of all, I want to make a brief comment. Senator Bradley is the only one who has been forced by the media to apologize for negative attacks in this campaign, and he is the one who brought Willie Horton into the campaign, so...

LOSER Both of those......if you're going to talk about a higher standard, you need to live by it.

Both of those...

WINNER Now, here's my question. I've asked you this before, but I've looked at the record and I found that the '81 budget cuts that Ronald Reagan proposed resulted in an increase of one million children losing health care under Medicaid and 1.5 million children living in poverty.

Why did you support those Reagan budget cuts?

LOSER Well, first let me say that during the Reagan era, I was the point man in the Democratic Party against the Reagan efforts. I went on national television opposite Ronald Reagan in the passage of the tax bill. On the budget, I was the head of the task force of the Democratic Party in the United States Senate. And my job was to try to diminish the effect of those tax cuts — of those budget cuts.

We succeeded in doing that. Ultimately, I voted for the Reagan budget. But the fact is, if people had voted as I did for the Reagan budget and against the tax cuts, there would not have been the deficits of the 1980s. And if there hadn't been the deficits of the 1980s, that means we would have had higher growth. That means we would have had more revenue coming in. And that means we would have been a stronger country.

So I voted for those but it was an act of leadership, I think. Once again, getting ahead of the curve here, I warned that if people didn't do that, we'd have deficits. We had deficits. And those deficits stole from the poor much more than they lost through the budget cuts. It stole from the poor and from the middle class much more than they lost through any budget cuts.

Griffith Mr. Gore.

WINNER Well, there are only two problems with that. First of all, you voted for the budget cuts before the tax cut vote came up. And secondly, the way you've been talking, I just don't see how you can vote for Ronald Reagan's budget cuts and then try to campaign like Robert Kennedy.

Griffith And one final from you, Mr. Bradley.

LOSER Well, let me just say, when Al accuses me of negative campaigning, it reminds me of the story about Richard Nixon. It said Richard Nixon's the kind of politician who would chop down a tree and stand on the stump and give a speech about conservation.

Griffith Mr. Bradley...

LOSER It just won't fly.

Griffith Mr. Bradley, your turn to pose a question to Vice President Gore.

LOSER Al, Hillary Clinton said the other day that consistency on fundamental issues of principles is important. She went on to express how she and Rudy Giuliani have the same position on choice now, but that he had changed his position to arrive there and she had always been there.

My question to you is, do you think she's wrong?

WINNER I've always supported Roe v. Wade. I have always supported a woman's right to choose. And let me say that, if you entrust me with the presidency, I will guarantee that a woman's right to choose is protected.

Now it's true that early in my career I wrestled with the question of what kinds of exceptions should be allowed to the general rule that Medicaid should also pay for this procedure. I have come to the strong view that all women, regardless of their income, must have the right to choose. And that's my position.

Now the next president is likely to appoint as many as three, maybe four, justices of the Supreme Court.

All of the Republicans candidates who were in this studio have taken a pledge to overturn Roe v. Wade and support a constitutional amendment to take away the right to choose.

We basically agree. We have exactly the same position. So if you want to manufacture a distinction, OK. But if you want to know my position, I favor a woman's right to choose, regardless of the woman's income.

LOSER Well, you still didn't answer the question, whether consistency on fundamental issues of principle is relevant. I think they are. And I can understand why you wouldn't answer the question, because when you were in the Congress, you had an 84 percent right-to-life voting record.

And it seems to me that this is an issue that requires somebody to know where they stand, and to know why they stand where they stand. I respect people who have a different view than I do. I respect your position that you have. People can evolve, but your campaign shouldn't go around saying that you've always been for a woman's right to choose, because the record shows you have not.

WINNER Well...

Griffith All right, let's go on. Let's go on to the next group. Mr. Gore, you have a question for Mr. Bradley.

WINNER Well...

Griffith Oh now, I'm sorry, you've got a...

WINNER Don't I have a...

Griffith I'm sorry, you do get to respond. I'm sorry, you do get to respond.

WINNER Yes, I thought that I did. Thank you, Tom.

Griffith Yes.

WINNER I have always supported a woman's right to choose. And I support it today. And...

LOSER That's not true.

WINNER Well, it is...

LOSER You voted...

WINNER ... true...

LOSER ... the other way.

WINNER I have always supported Roe v. Wade, and a woman's right to choose. And the fact is...

LOSER Al, that's not true.

WINNER ... the exceptions on the — if I could finish. I haven't interrupted you, Bill. The exceptions to the general rule that Medicaid should provide funding for abortions constituted virtually the only votes in the House of Representatives during those years. And I've told you that I wrestled with that.

But if you want to know what my position is, you can look at the record and you can hear me right now — and not just here, but in every speech that I have made I support a woman's right to choose.

Griffith All right. If you could ask a question now of Senator Bradley, Mr. Gore.

WINNER Yes. On the question of welfare reform, I believe that it has been an important achievement. In fact, we have moved seven million people from welfare to work, cutting the rolls in half. You voted against it in the United States Senate and I'm wondering why.

LOSER I voted against it because I didn't think it was in the best interest of the country. And I'm wondering why you think it's working so well when, because of welfare reform, there are one million children in this country today who don't have health insurance — who've lost their health insurance because of welfare reform.

I also think that, although the welfare rolls have dropped, that people in deep poverty have increased.

And when I look at this vote, and I say what this vote really was was a gamble with kids for reelection. In October 1996, that's when the vote took place, that's when the discussion took place. And I voted against it because I said I was not willing to take that gamble, and I said the next four years there would be attempts to correct a bad bill. And indeed that's what happens.

Legal immigrants, 60, 70 years old, were kicked off of the welfare rolls because of that bill. The fact is that there were strict limits set at two years and five years that said that if — you only have welfare for two years, then you have to go off, you only have five years in the long — in your entire life.

And that, I thought, was an onerous burden. And, indeed, that has been changed now. Governors now have flexibility. And, indeed, the legal immigrant provision has been changed.

So the bill I voted against is not the bill now. But I think we need to reform welfare reform. No question about that.

Griffith Mr. Gore.

WINNER There's only one problem with that, Bill. There have been no changes to the welfare reform bill. There was the extraneous provision related to legal immigrants, which has been changed, as the president and I pledged we would change it. But the two-to five-year provision, it's the same now as it was when it was passed.

So are you saying you would repeal welfare reform or are you saying it was mistake to vote for welfare reform?

LOSER No, I'm not saying it was a mistake to vote for welfare reform. I'm saying that we need to reform the reform. And, indeed, legal immigrants were excluded; now they're included. That was a change. That was a change.

In addition to that, I think that if a father is forced to pay child support, that that child support ought to go to the mother. Under this bill, where it goes is to the county, to the state government to pay the costs of the system. How do you expect the family who is — a mother trying to support a child to be able to do that when you take the money that comes from the father and give it to the state instead of the child?

And, finally, I think we've got to do something about one million children who don't have any health care in this country because they lost it when they were kicked off of welfare.

Griffith Mr. Bradley, you have a chance to ask the vice president a question.

LOSER Al, I've offered a health care plan that provides access to universal, affordable, quality health care for all Americans; a health care plan that guarantees children health coverage; a health care plan that gives the elderly a Medicare drug benefit; a health care plan that in effect gives the people earning under $50,000 the equivalent of a $25 billion tax cut.

Now, you have done nothing in this campaign but attack this bill, this suggestion, this idea. In fact, "The Keene Sentinel" said "Gore persists in mischaracterizing Bill Bradley's health care plan."

Griffith Could you get to the question, Mr. Bradley?

LOSER The question is, why?

WINNER Well, I was the first candidate in this race, in either party, to put out a comprehensive health care reform bill. And it's based on the principle that we can best get to universal health care for all Americans in a step-by-step way that has been endorsed by Mr. Health Care in the U.S. Senate, Ted Kennedy; Governor Howard Dean, the leading expert among the Democratic governors, and all governors in this country.

My plan provides health care for every single child in this country. It provides a prescription drug benefit for seniors under Medicare which — unlike your provision, Bill, your provision requires them to spend up to $900 of their own money before they get a penny of benefits. More than half of seniors under your plan would have to pay $300 a year in premiums and not get a penny in help for purchasing their prescription drugs.

I provide a tax credit for the small business employers who have more than half of all the uninsured work force and for individuals to purchase their own health insurance. I also deal with the issue of long-term care to give help to those who are bearing that burden. And perhaps most importantly in the short turn, I give the medical decisions back to the doctors and the nurses and take them away from the insurance companies and the HMOs.

Griffith Senator Bradley.

LOSER Well, you have said again tonight that you're for universal health insurance. The problem is we don't get there, anywhere close to getting there. You nibble around the edges, and indeed you have nothing in you budget for the next 10 years to get to universal health insurance. And yet you assert that you want to do that.

In terms of the Medicare drug benefit, let me say the difference between our plans are this. I saw a woman in Des Moines the other day. She had — just let me finish — $10,000 in pharmaceutical costs. My plan would have cost — would have paid $7,500 of that. Al's plan would have paid $1,000.

Griffith We need to get on with the questions...

LOSER That's a big difference.

WINNER If I could follow-up to that...

Griffith As a follow-up — yes, as a follow-up.

WINNER And I've got the right to answer now?

Griffith Yes.

WINNER OK. Bill, under your plan, people here in New Hampshire would really be left out in the cold. Now I know that you're uncomfortable hearing this, but I am going to defend Medicaid and Medicare.

If a Republican candidate had proposed the elimination of Medicaid and the substitution of vouchers, or subsidies as you prefer to call them, at $150 a month, you and I and every Democrat would be up in arms criticizing such a proposal.

Here in New Hampshire, there is not a single health care policy, Tom and Judy, that is available under the federal plan that he's pointing people toward that you can purchase health insurance for, as an individual, and none that are available that have benefits anywhere nearly approaching what is available now under Medicaid.

Griffith All right. Thank you very much.

We'll get back to you, Senator Bradley, in just a second.

We are now going to move to a section where now the moderators will ask the two of you. I appreciate your dealing with the intricacies of that whole process. It's an interesting dialogue. We want to continue moving that way.

But this is for you, Vice President Gore, and we've spoken before about the issue of Clinton fatigue. You've addressed it to me personally, you've addressed it to New Hampshire's audience by discussing your loyalty to the president during those difficult days in Washington.

I get a sense out there, though, that among a lot of people there's also something that I — they call spin fatigue. It's the idea of deny, defend, spin. It's something that seems to have evolved over the last eight years with a lot of the administration loyalists.

Can you talk to us a little bit right now about what you — type of people you hope to surround yourself with in your administration, and would Clinton holdovers assume that they have a job?

WINNER Well, this will be a fresh, new administration. But I think what you're picking up out there, Tom, is what I'm picking up, that people are tired of the whole discussion about the president's personal mistake. They think that, by and large, he has been a great president in turning this economy around.

You know, the Clinton-Gore administration has ended the deepest recession since the 1930s, when New Hampshire was losing 10,000 jobs a year, and brought on the strongest economy in the history of the United States — one in which New Hampshire is gaining 16,000 jobs a year. I want to continue that prosperity. And I want to have a dialogue with the American people in this campaign, and if you entrust me with the presidency, in the presidency itself, that is honest and forthright, and similar in tone and substance to the kind of open meetings that I've been having all over New Hampshire.

You talk to some of the undecided voters who have come to the open meetings I've had here, and ask them what their reaction is to the kind of forthrightness and candor and straight talk that I have tried to give them in response to every question, every comment, every suggestion.

I've learned a lot from them. And that's the kind of approach I would take in a Gore presidency.

Griffith Can you give us a sense of — give us two names of someone who might be a counsel to the president.

WINNER Well, both Bill and I have resisted — and I think the other candidates, by and large have as well — going to name a Cabinet, or even a vice presidential running mate, before I've earned the honor and privilege of making such choices.

I will say this, that over the last seven years I have helped to search out quality people. I've had conversations to try to convince people to come out of academia, to come out of the business world, to come out of the labor movement, out of the environmental movement and elsewhere, to get the very top, best, most-qualified people — men and women reflecting the diversity of this country to be a part of the administration. I would take that approach in a Gore administration.

Griffith Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, a question about international policy. With rising oil prices around the globe, many experts say that Iraq now has more leverage over the United Nations than at any time since the 1991 Persian Gulf war. Russia openly backs Iraq. China and France frequently vote with Iraq at the U.N. against the United States. At this point, the Clinton administration seems, to many experts, undecided over whether to take a harder line against Saddam Hussein or to try to strike some sort of accommodation. What specifically would you do about Iraq?

LOSER Well, the first thing I'd do is try to loosen his grip on the oil pipeline. The fact is that he has the capacity now, in OPEC, to reduce production, which increases price. That's precisely what's happened now. And that means that prices for New Hampshire residents for home heating oil go up — about $1.74 now.

And as I think about this, I see there are things that an administration could do here to stop that. One would be to let oil out of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That is there in order to have oil enter the market when prices go up; that'll keep prices down.

The administration hasn't done that.

The second thing that's important for us to do now is to tell Kuwait and Saudi Arabia — two countries that we protected in 1990-91 — to increase their oil production. If they increase their oil production, the prices would then drop.

And with Saddam Hussein specifically, I think the most important thing is to diplomatically isolate him. I would not let sanctions go. I would keep sanctions on and try to keep him pinned down and surrounded through diplomatic effort.

MODERATOR This is a follow-up. Desert Storm, which you opposed, was successful because the U.S. military had the resources that it needed, and many critics today say that there is a huge readiness problem in our military. You are the only presidential candidate who has said he is not for increased military spending.

My question is, how do you know that this is not going to leave the United States' national security position in a vulnerable state?

LOSER Because we're heading to a new age, Judy. We no longer have to fight the Cold War. We have a defense budget that resembles the Cold War defense budget. We don't have to protect Europe against the possibility that Soviet tanks would move across the North German plain.

We have new threats on the horizon. So we can eliminate certain weapons systems that are from the Cold War.

We can also consolidate bases much more than we have. And we can make tough choices on investment in new technology as opposed to platforms. And we can look ahead to a time where things like the arsenal ship will be moving toward replacing the aircraft carrier and doing so with only 50 people on board.

MODERATOR All right, a question now to Mr. Gore, also international policy question. Chechnya — the Clinton-Gore administration is continuing to back international financial support for Russia, loans, despite the brutal war in Chechnya, in which, as you know, Russian soldiers have killed many, many civilians. Why is your administration not willing to do anything truly tough toward Russia given these circumstances?

WINNER Well, as a matter of fact, we have. And the Ex-Im proposal that came up just a few weeks ago was pulled back and vetoed by direct intervention of the secretary of state. We have opposed new IMF provisions. There has been no direct state-to-state aid for more than a year now.

Now, particular programs that go toward dismantling nuclear warheads, for example, under the Nunn-Lugar policy, you wouldn't want to cancel that. Particular cooperative ventures where none of the companies or the state agencies involved are implicated in any of the activity in Chechnya or in proliferation activities, that's a separate matter.

WINNER We have, in fact, enforced a real cutoff of a lot of forms of aid.

MODERATOR But you have not gone as far as — for example, Governor Bush, Senator McCain, even Senator Bradley have recommended — all of them have recommended going further in terms of cutting financial assistance to the Russians. Why don't you — why aren't you willing to advocate this, since you know — we now know how much this war is draining from the general Russian treasury?

WINNER Yes. Well, let's start at the beginning. Russia has 20,000 nuclear warheads. And they may not be aimed at the United States, because they're de-targeted now, but within two seconds, those targets could be programmed right back into the missiles.

As long as they have that kind of arsenal, if you think I'm going to support a cutoff of programs that are designed to dismantle their warheads, to help them move toward a reduction in military force that could threaten the lives of the American people, I'm not going to go along with that.

We live in a world where we need to make our points as forcefully as possible, and keep our eyes on the ball. And the movement toward democracy and free markets in Russia may not have been as rapid as we would like, but the movement to reduce the threat they pose to us, and bring about changes there is some thing that overall has been a good thing.

Griffith Thank you very much. The next question goes to Senator Bradley.

A lot of observers have said basically both of you are so similar on policies — you may not agree with this, but observers say this — that you're so similar on policies that the real question here is who has the personality and the temperament to be the next president.

With that in mind, Senator Bradley, will you please outline for me your worst behavior on the basketball court?

LOSER This is a very personal question. [laughter]

My worst behavior on the basketball court, I suppose, was occasionally holding John Havlicek when I played the Boston Celtics. And actually, I knew I was doing pretty well in New Hampshire about six months into the campaign when some person came up to me and said — gave me a bumper sticker and it said Another Celtic Fan for Bradley.

But I also, in addition to holding John Havlicek occasionally, you know, there's a competition that goes on. There are elbows that are thrown. Occasional blows are thrown. That's part of the game. So if you're asking me about that, I think that's what I would say.

Politics is different. Politics should be something that's higher. Politics should be something that elevates us. It should not be something that drags us down. I'm trying to get beyond politics as usual to a kind of politics that allows Americans to realize that they're a part of shaping our collective futures, by participating and by recognizing that candidates who state what they're for have a better chance of leading truthfully than candidates who do not.

Griffith Maybe trying to get to emotion here. In basketball, have you ever cried in victory or in defeat?

LOSER I've never cried in victory or defeat in basketball. I cried the other day, though, right here in New Hampshire.

I was in a setting where a woman named Kathy Perry told me her story. She said that she and her husband had four kids. They both — she had two jobs, her husband had one job. They took one of their children to the doctor and they didn't have health insurance. The doctor diagnosed it as strep. She was leaving and she wrote out the check and her son said to here, I'm sorry, Mom. And she said, Why? He said, I'm sorry because I got sick.

I don't think any child in America should get sick. And when I heard that story, tears rushed to my eyes.

MODERATOR We're going to have to move now to the next round of candidate-to-candidate questions. And the first question from Vice President Gore to Senator Bradley.

WINNER Senator Bradley — Bill, as college becomes more crucial to working families, a lot of students are worried about the debt that they're going to incur and a lot of families are worried how they can help them pay the tuition. I've put out a comprehensive education reform plan that will give new help to families with college tuition.

I looked at your proposals on education, and with the exception of giving some equipment to community colleges, there's nothing to help pay college tuition. Why not?

MODERATOR We need a question. OK.

LOSER Well, indeed you've focused on an important aspect of the proposal which is the community college proposal. Fifty percent of the kids in higher education in America go to community colleges, and yet it only gets five percent of the federal education dollar.

I think that it's critical that we help community colleges, because that is the place where most kids begin the process of higher education, going on to four-year education institutions. That is also where mothers go after they've raised kids so they can learn more, so they can earn more. It's also where workers in our society who have been downsized have to acquire new skills.

So, that is a major investment in community colleges.

In terms of the four-year college, I think we ought to do more of what I call self-reliance loans, which allows people to repay their loan as a percent of their future income, as opposed to having a giant debt that comes down on them as soon as they get out of school.

In addition, I propose college scholarships for 10,000 kids at $7,500 each if they would agree to teach in urban schools...

MODERATOR Mr. Gore has a follow-up here.

WINNER Yes. We're not talking about machinery and equipment here, we're talking about people. And with the exception of a few scholarships for teachers — and I've proposed to recruiting a lot more teachers — why don't you propose anything to help middle-income families pay college tuition and save for college tuition?

LOSER Actually I have proposed, through the health care plan, an equivalent of a $25 billion tax cut. Do you know how much that could mean for someone at $30,000 of income? At $30,000 in income, that could put almost $3,000 in that family's pocket. And if they had health insurance, they could spend that money on college education for their children.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, a question for Mr. Gore.

LOSER Al, you've made a proposal that we take 30-second ads off the air. And you know, that translation is — you're well known, I'm not. You take them off, you win. And I look at that, and I say, I understand why you did it. But the real problem is negative ads, not 30-second ads. And the AP Ad-Watch called one of your ads unfair and misleading.

And my question to you is, why should we believe that you will tell the truth as president, if you don't tell the truth as a candidate?

WINNER That's not a negative attack?

Let me say in response, Bill, first of all, I have proposed that we debate twice a week, and take all of the 30-second, 60-second TV and radio adds off the air. And I've said I'll do that if you pick any state where you will be willing to do that. Now as for criticism of negative campaigning, one newspaper recently called your attacks "muddying your image."

You had — you were forced to apologize for a negative personal attack. You introduced Willie Horton into this campaign. So let's be serious about this. I've never mentioned your name in an ad. I have never used your picture in an ad.

But, you know, I am going to defend programs like Medicaid and Medicare. I'm going to defend middle-income Americans against a budget plan that I think would drive interest rates up and threaten this economic prosperity which has been so good for New Hampshire.

So I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm going to fight for the American people.

LOSER Al, if you talk about a flyer that was immediately repudiated that went to a couple hundred people versus an advertisement on television, that's like comparing a gnat to an elephant. You're the elephant of negative advertising here. And the fact of the matter is — don't take my word, take "The Lawrence Eagle Tribune." It said — "Lawrence Eagle Tribune" which said that he was a master of spin and smear.

MODERATOR Is there a question?

LOSER No.

WINNER OK. Well, let me respond anyway. You know, there are — there are plenty of reviews of the campaigning that goes on. But the truth is, look, the people of New Hampshire know a negative ad when they see one. Ask them if they've seen a negative ad that my campaign has run.

They did see that flyer that you apologized for.

And I accepted your apology. But it's not the only example. "The Boston Herald" called your attacks a low blow. And one of the network anchors on the Sunday morning shows said that you'd made an unfortunate decision to, kind of, get a little nasty in the campaign.

I have not complained, and I will not complain. But if you make those kind of accusations and attacks against me and hold a standard up that you, yourself, are not complying with, I mean, that's just — that's not the way to go about it.

Let's talk about the issues. Let's have debates twice a week.

LOSER In politics, sometimes people make misleading statements because they don't know any better. You know better.

WINNER Is this...

LOSER You know better. You know better, and you continue to...

MODERATOR No, but because...

LOSER ... do what you know is untrue. And that does not respect the voter of New Hampshire.

MODERATOR All right, Mr. Gore.

WINNER Well, I'd like a rebuttal also, then.

MODERATOR All right, go ahead.

WINNER But there has never been a time in this campaign when I have said something that I know to be untrue. There's never been a time when I've said something untrue.

Now, let's be honest here, Bill. What you're uncomfortable about is that when you put out your health care plan, and you realize that nobody in New Hampshire or Iowa can take advantage of it...

LOSER That's not right. That's not incorrect.

WINNER ... and when you realize that more than half of all the seniors get not a penny from your prescription drug benefit, you realized you made a mistake, but instead of correcting the plan, you decided to shoot at the messenger that pointed out what's wrong with the plan.

LOSER Both of those things are incorrect. That is not correct. The fact of the matter is, as I said earlier, if you had added $10,000 in pharmaceutical costs for prescription drugs, your plan would cap that at $1,000...

WINNER How much money do you have — how many expenses do you have to have before you...

LOSER Wait, wait — your plan would stop that at $1,000.

WINNER ... get any money under your plan?

LOSER I'm sorry. This is a tactic. See this is a tactic. Your — your plan would cap it at $1,000 and mine would pay $7,500.

WINNER That's not right, either.

LOSER This is the difference between going for big ideas and nibbling around the edges.

WINNER See if we could debate twice a week, we could have a debate just on health care. And I could point out that my cap goes up to $5,000. And that more than half of all the seniors don't get a penny under Senator Bradley's prescription drug plan, but have to pay more in — in payments each year and get nothing in return.

Now that's — that's just a fact.

MODERATOR All right. We've let — we've let, sort of, slip out of the rules here because it was clear that both of you had things that you wanted to say.

Now, we have a question for — from — from Senator Bradley for Mr. Gore.

LOSER Al, I think we need a fresh start in Washington. And I read in "The Boston Globe" today the following thing. It said, "What's wrong with Washington is it's in the vice-like grip of moneyed special interests and their lobbyists." And it went on to say that you're the favorite of the Washington lobbyists.

So my question to you is, how can you be fighting for the people when you're working hand-in -love with the special interests who essentially are fighting against the people?

WINNER Well, I'm not working hand-in-glove as you have attacked there. If that's not negative, I don't what it is.

You know, I have never been afraid to stand up to the special interests. I have fought against the oil lobby for home heating oil assistance here in New Hampshire and for protection against drilling off the coast. I have fought against the pharmaceutical companies to get more competition from generic companies to bring drug prices down. I fought you when you were pushing that amendment on behalf of the pharmaceutical companies.

I have fought against those who have tried to eliminate the right to organize in the work place. I have fought for working people against every lobby that exists in Washington.

For 23 years now, I have fought for the people, and the whole basis of my campaign here is that I want to fight for the people of New Hampshire and I intend to do just that if you will entrust me with the presidency.

LOSER Well, all I can say is it's politics as usual. And that's a thousand promises and a thousand attacks. That's what's been your campaign — a thousand promises, a thousand attacks. A promise to every little special interest group; attack, attack, attack every day. That's been the nature of it.

And quite frankly, I think the people are fed up with it. But from your standpoint nothing have changed. Lobbyists are still in charge in Washington.

WINNER Look, I have support — I didn't wait until I ran for president to first speak up on campaign finance reform.

When I went to Congress 20 years ago, I proposed full public financing of congressional elections. Senator Bradley went for 17 years,in the United States Senate before he put his name on legislation that he introduced on campaign finance reform.

I have been fighting for that for my entire career. I refuse to accept PAC funding. I refuse to accept that kind of special interest — I've called for the abolition of the so-called soft money spending...

LOSER But you still raise soft money.

WINNER And I have called, and I called, and I call again now to just eliminate the one source of more than half of all the campaign finance raised and spent, and that is the 30-second TV ads, which you are defending, constantly, which I'd like to just get rid of.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, it's your turn now to ask a question of Senator Bradley.

WINNER OK, let me get back to the Medicaid issue that we had an exchange on before. You have said, we'll eliminate the Medicaid program, and we'll put in its place a system of giving $150 a month, in the form of a voucher, or a subsidy — if you prefer that word — so that people can go into the private market place and get health insurance.

I said before, there's not a single plan here in New Hampshire where an individual can buy health insurance for $150 a month, in the federal employee plan. Am I wrong about that? If so, what — where is the plan, and what is its name?

LOSER What your wrong about, and how you've mischaracterized this, is saying New Hampshire would have $150. That's where you're wrong. New Hampshire will have more.

I'm not going to do a health care program that doesn't give people who are on Medicaid now, largely adults, access to several plans in every state. The legislation will be written, that's what will happen. The figure of $150 does not apply to New Hampshire, it applies to other states.

Let's take, for example, what you've done on Medicaid. Since — over the last seven years Medicaid HMOs in this country have gone from 14 percent to 54 percent of all Medicaid recipients. And what — the average of the Medicaid recipient, all of them, has a fee of under $150. Under $150. So this can easily be done.

The big difference is here, by raising this issue you are trying to get away from facing up to the fact that I've offered a proposal that would provide access to quality affordable health care for all Americans; would provide a Medicare drug benefit for the elderly that's much more generous than yours, much bigger than yours; and would indeed guarantee all children health coverage in this country; and on top of that...

MODERATOR Mr. Gore...

LOSER ... provide money to middle-class people to be able to pay for their health insurance.

WINNER Well — well, let...

LOSER That is what you're trying to cover up by this misrepresentation on $150.

WINNER Well, let me say again, Senator Ted Kennedy took a careful look at both plans and said mine is clearly the best way to advance the cause of universal health insurance.

But if New Hampshire's going to get more than $150 a month, you're changing your plan. Name me three...

LOSER I'm not changing my plan.

WINNER ... name me three states where the people would get less than $150 a month?

LOSER There are any numbers of states...

WINNER Can you name some?

LOSER Tennessee is one.

WINNER Two others?

LOSER There are any number of them. There are 24 states...

WINNER Can you name a couple of others?

LOSER There are 24 states that have a waiver from the national government in order to do Medicaid, and that is under $150.

Now what I think is going on here is pretty clear. In politics, as I said, people make misleading statements. And most of them do it because they don't know better. You know better. You're know what you're saying is not true. And quite frankly, I wonder whether if you're running a campaign, that is saying untrue things, whether you'll be able to be a president that gets people's trust.

If you're running a campaign that's divisive, that's the kind of presidency that you will also have.

WINNER Could I have a rebuttal since that's a...

LOSER I think — I think they deserve — people deserve...

MODERATOR All right...

LOSER ... more respect.

WINNER Look, since that's a negative personal attack, can I have a rebuttal?

MODERATOR Go ahead.

WINNER Look, Bill, we have had some heated disagreements in this campaign. Let's keep it to the substances of the issues. I haven't accused you of lying. We can have a disagreement on the substance of the issues without you making negative personal attacks. Look, the people out there are tired of that. They want to talk about the substance of the issues. And if you feel like you're on the defensive on the substance of the issues, then change your plan.

Don't shoot the messenger. Don't try to take it out on somebody that you hear pointing out some legitimate problems. Now, that's what's really going on here. And the easiest way to solve it would be for you to simply accept my challenge of debating twice a week. And we could have a debate just on health care.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, you get a response.

LOSER My response is that this country has wanted universal health insurance for 40 years. I am the first candidate that is out there in this campaign, offering them universal access to quality, affordable health care.

You have said you want universal health insurance, but you have no way of getting there. And so, instead of facing up to that fact and admitting to people that you have no way to get to universal health insurance, you decide to pick this number or that number out of a proposal, when in fact the proposal will cover people in this country.

MODERATOR All right. We have — we are now going to go to the final round of moderator questions. And because we've ended up with more comments from both of you, we're going to ask you if you would limit your answers at this point to 45 seconds, if possible. And we will not be asking follow-ups.

To you, Vice President Gore, Senator Fred Thompson, Republican, Senator Joe Lieberman, Democrat, have both suggested that the campaign finance scandals of the Clinton-Gore administration in 1996 were the worst since Watergate. Chinese army officials, other foreign officials, invited to coffees at the White House; the Buddhist temple incident; the Lincoln Bedroom virtually auctioned off. My question is No one up high paid a price. Isn't this just a license for the same sort of thing to happen in this election and the next election?

WINNER Well, we need campaign finance reform. And you've listed some of the reasons why I'm fighting so hard for it. I fought for it for 20 years. And I believe that all of the broadcasters who have the public airwaves held by license ought to be required, as a condition of the license, to give free time for debates and the discussion of issues during a campaign.

I think that soft money, ofthe kind that the DNC raised in that campaign, ought to be completely prohibited for both political parties.

I don't accept PAC contributions. You can, under the law, but I abide by a higher standard. And if you entrust me with the presidency, I will make certain that our country gets sweeping, meaningful, tough campaign finance reform.

Griffith Senator Bradley, you also have talked about campaign finance reform. However your critics, some of them anyways, maintaining that your biggest contributors have been, in fact, pharmaceutical companies. How would you fight for lower prescription drug prices if you — those are your biggest contributors?

LOSER Well, let me correct the record. They're not my biggest contributors. Over 18 years in the United States Senate, anybody associated with a pharmaceutical company contributed less the 1 percent of all the money I raised. In the presidential campaign, it's less than three-tenths of a percent.

If you take a look at my drug program — prescription drug program, what you find is it has a preference stated for generic drugs. That may give the pharmaceutical companies heartburn.

The fact here is, campaign finance reform is the most important thing we can do in this country. It will break down the wall that's come between the people and their elected representatives, it should be no soft money, public financing of elections and free television time in the last six weeks of a campaign.

If we do that, we have a chance of allowing the people's voices to be heard.

Griffith Senator, thank you. I have a question, and we're running out of time, so I'm trying to get them in as quickly as I can.

Mr. Gore, can you outline and specify your vision of the White Mountain National Forest for our people here in New Hampshire, who count on it for business and trade, and for recreation?

WINNER We should respect and continue the process of local input to take into the account the unique circumstances in the White Mountain National Forest. And as we protect more wilderness areas, that same local input must and will be a part of the process.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, in this campaign, you have attempted to, I would say "wall off" an unusually large amount of information from the press and the public about such things as who your main advisers are, what books have particularly influenced you, your complete medical records, among other things. These are not personal questions. How then do you justify not sharing this information with the American people, when you're asking them to elect you to the highest office?

LOSER Well, Judy, if you want me to share a little bit with you, I will. I'll give you two books that I like. One is "Victory" by Joseph Conrad. I like that because there's something in their by a character named Heiss, who says, "Woe be it to the man who has not learned while young to put his trust in life." Now what does that tell you about me, running for President of the United States? It tells you that I've read the book.

MODERATOR But what about your advisers, and your medical records?

LOSER In terms of my medical records, I have done the same thing that Al Gore has done...

WINNER No, that's not right.

LOSER Which is to lay out — to lay out the latest doctor's report, put it out there so that people can see, and that is precisely what I've done.

MODERATOR And your advisers.

LOSER And my advisers? I think that, I mean, you know, Paul Volcker, Henry Kaufman — I can give you a long list of advisers on the economy and in foreign policy and defense.

Now, the fact of the matter is, you don't always talk about all your advisers.

WINNER Can I have a quick rebuttal, because I have not done the same thing as Senator Bradley?

Griffith We have — I'm sorry...

WINNER Yes.

Griffith... Mr. Vice President, we have to go to our closing remarks.

WINNER OK.

Griffith And your closing remark is first. You have 45 seconds.

WINNER Well, he can do whatever he wants on the medical records, I'm not critical of that in any way. But I don't want to be put in the same boat because I've released all of mine fully. Each person should make that decision for himself.

Now, in Iowa, Senator Bradley asked the question Are you better off today than you were seven years ago? I think the answer to that question is yes, but I don't think that's the question. I think a far more important question in this campaign is, Can we do even better?

I think that I have the experience and the skills to keep our prosperity going and invest the surplus wisely.

We've just begun to fight for universal health insurance, step by step, starting with every child in America, and then their parents. We've just begun to fight for revolutionary improvements in public education.

Griffith Thank you.

WINNER I want to fight for you. I ask for your vote.

Griffith Thank you.

Mr. — Senator Bradley please.

LOSER I've had a great year in New Hampshire. I respect you. Next Tuesday I need your vote.

This isn't about experience, we both have experience. This is about leadership. And I think what a leader does is take big, complicated problems, turn them into public issues, and then make something happen.

That's what FDR did. That's what Lyndon Johnson did. And that's what I want to do on the issues that confront us today in the area of health, education, campaign finance reform, gun control and help for working families.

As I look at this campaign and think about what we can be as a country, I'm buoyed with optimism. We're at the beginning of a tremendous phase of growth in this country. And any politician can pick a fight...

MODERATOR We're going to have to...

LOSER ... but only a leader can move a country forward.

Griffith Gentlemen, to both of you, thank you very much.

MODERATOR And with that, our time is up. We do want to thank Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley, both of you for being with us. And to all of our viewers here in New Hampshire, and across the country, thank you.

Griffith And we also want to remind to go to the polls and vote. It's Tuesday, the first-in-the-nation primary tradition continues.

Have a good night, everybody.

MODERATOR And we welcome you to North High School in Des Moines, Iowa. As we celebrate the birthday of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., we also look ahead to the Iowa caucus, just one week from today. This evening we are joined by two men who are seeking the nomination of the Democratic Party for president of the United States. They are Vice President Al Gore and former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley.

Gentlemen, we welcome you both.

LOSER Thank you.

WINNER Thank you.

MODERATOR Soledad, as you know, Mr. Gore and Mr. Bradley have agreed to join us tonight to talk about the all-important issue of race in America. Many voters watching around the country might not necessarily associate race issues with voters here in the state of Iowa, but indeed these issues matter here in Iowa. And we believe the issues of race are important to African-Americans and Hispanics and people of color all across the country. All Americans ought to be concerned about these issues. And so we are delighted tonight to bring you this debate and are pleased that Mr. Gore and Mr. Bradley have agreed to join us this evening.

Now, before we start, let me also take a moment right quick to thank State Representative Wayne Ford, the founder of the Brown-Black Forum, for his extreme and wonderful involvement in making sure this happened. Mr. Ford, we thank you, sir. 

Soledad.

MODERATOR And so, with no further ado, let's begin our debate.

Vice President Gore, we're going to begin with you this evening. Some 46,000 people, twice the number predicted, showed up today for a King Day rally in Columbia, South Carolina. They were, of course, protesting the flying of the Confederate battle flag atop the state capitol.

Now, you have said, Mr. Vice President, that you think that the flag should be removed from the state capitol. You also have said that you think it should be removed from state institutions. Given that, do you support and do you intend to abide by the NAACP's boycott of the state of South Carolina until that flag is removed?

WINNER Well, Soledad, first of all, let me thank you and Tavis for hosting this debate, and express my gratitude to all of you for attending, and to Wayne Ford and the others who have worked so hard to put this on. Wayne first invited me to this debate almost a year ago, and I am honored to be here. And I ask for your support in the Iowa caucuses because I want to be president of all the people, and I ask for your support to help bring our country together.

And one of the ways we can bring our country together is to recognize that the Confederate battle flag divides America. It stands as a hurtful symbol to millions, not only African-Americans, because it recalls the pain of slavery. It should be removed from the state capitol building in South Carolina and from any government institution, so as to make them welcoming to all of our citizens.

I do not think a president of the United States should ever boycott an individual state, because a president needs to bring our people together. And we need to bring the Confederate flag down.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley.

LOSER I'd pull it down today. I think it should be withdrawn absolutely. I think it's an offense to our common humanity and it is not the future of this country. You know, the way politics is in the country today, people don't expect much of politicians because politicians don't expect much of them. I mean, for many politicians, it's dangerous to tell the truth. There is no subject about which that is truer than the issue of race. And that's why I believe that if we're going to move forward in this country, we have to tell the truth.

And somebody once said, "Many people want to change the world, but few people want to change themselves." If we're going to make progress on race in America, we have to do both those. We have to change the conditions of discrimination and poverty, and we have to change our hearts so that we can bring everybody along as our brother or sister.

MODERATOR Mr. Gore, your rebuttal.

WINNER I agree with those comments. I thought it was a good statement. And I think that — to return to the original question, I think that it's perfectly true that there are some people who see the Confederate flag in a different way, and I think that we have to try to bring them into a shared understanding of why, as a symbol, it is so hurtful to the majority.

And remember this. Sixty percent of the people of South Carolina want it to come down. It's only the Republican candidates for president who are so scared of the extreme right wing that they will be tolerant of intolerance, lest they offend the offensive. It ought to come down. 

MODERATOR And Mr. Bradley.

LOSER I don't want this to be a symbol of America in any way whatsoever. That's why it ought to come down. But I also want to look forward and get back to the conditions and the heart. This is Martin Luther King holiday. It is a day that celebrates the life of a remarkable human being, a great leader.

It seems to me, what would we want — what would he be asking us to do? He'd be asking us to eliminate child poverty, provide access to affordable health care for all Americans, help working families that finally need some help, and move our collective humanity a few feet forward. That's what I want to do if I'm successful as president of the United States. 

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, the next question is for you, sir. In the wake of the vice president's attack on your health care plan, which he says would leave millions of African-Americans and Hispanics without coverage, you have said you've been misrepresented. You have said you're offended. You have said you find his criticisms to be divisive and to be scare tactics. Do you think the vice president's comments border on race-baiting?

LOSER No, I don't think they border on race-baiting. I think that they do tend to divide people. The reality is, in America today, only a politician in Washington thinks Medicaid is a great system. I want to do something better. We all know if you're a Medicaid recipient, you end up — two-thirds of doctors won't accept you. You go to an emergency room after you're already sick to get the most expensive care, when you should be able to have a primary-care physician.

That's what I want to do. I want to provide a primary-care physician for everybody. And 40 percent of the people in poverty in this country don't have Medicaid. They are overwhelmingly African-American and Latino. Under the proposal that I have offered, they would have health care and they would be mainstreamed. There would not be any more stigma attached to the health care they get. 

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President.

WINNER I appreciate the support of Senator Ted Kennedy, Mr. Health Care in the Senate, in endorsing the health care approach that I've recommended as the best way to get to universal health insurance and to start by providing affordable high-quality health care for every child in America.

One way not to get there is by eliminating Medicaid and providing an inadequate $150-a-month voucher in its place. A couple of friends are here today that I met recently; Sheila Woods, who is African-American with a seven-year-old son, Diasi, and Isala Garcia, with a five-year-old daughter. Irjel, if you would stand also. Isala, gracias.

Both of their children get Medicaid. Both of them as parents would be eligible for health care under my plan. Neither they nor their children would get Medicaid under Senator Bradley's plan, and both of them would be given a $150-a-month voucher. And there is no plan available here in Iowa that you can buy for that that will give the prescription drug benefit that their children get now, the hearing and vision tests that they get now, and does not have a $4,000 expense out of their own — up to that out of their own pocket that they would have under the plan they would have to purchase in Iowa with the vouchers.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, you're shaking your head no.

LOSER Well, I mean, this is a song we've played a number of times in this campaign. This is not a voucher. It's a weighted average. It'll be different in different states. It will be adjusted over time. Everyone who has Medicaid now will have access to health care, but they'll have access to health care in a federal system, which is the same system that provides health care for congressmen and senators.

Take Medicaid in Iowa, though. Take the CHIPS program. About 10 percent of the kids eligible are now covered. That's all. Take if you want to get dental care. In the city of Des Moines, there are two dentists who accept Medicaid patients. That's not good enough. 

MODERATOR Vice President.

WINNER You can't — the fact remains, and the question hasn't been answered, where could they buy the health care benefit that they get right now with $150 a month? A weighted average means half or so of the states would get less than $150 a month. I haven't heard any mentioned that would get less than $150 a month.

And, you know, I told this story before, but a weighted average sounds like the guy who had his feet on a block of ice and his head in the oven, and according to the weighted average, he was comfortable. [laughter] It doesn't work out in real life that way. And I think that we have to have — you know, we have to build an America in which every single person has high-quality health care, starting with every child. 

MODERATOR Mr. Gore, it's been said a few times already today that we are in a state today where we are celebrating the —

[Unsolicited question] Your plans are to stop global warming.  If you could answer that, I'd really appreciate it. [The questioner is escorted from the auditorium.]

MODERATOR See, I get my 15 minutes and this is what happens to me. [laughter] You're on my time. What's up with that?

LOSER You just made it, Tavis.

MODERATOR Yeah, I'll tell you. Anyway —

WINNER I saw them demonstrating outside, and actually, it's a pretty good question. I've brought up global warming about 10 times during the debates that we've had —

MODERATOR Let me —

WINNER — and it has never come up. And I actually think they've got a pretty good point.

MODERATOR Maybe we'll get to that —

WINNER They're going about it the wrong way, but —

MODERATOR As we move to the audience, Mr. Vice President, maybe someone will ask that question. The question I was about to ask a moment ago, before I was interrupted, we celebrate today the life and legacy of Dr. King. That's been said a number of times. Senator Bradley asked a moment ago almost rhetorically, you know, but seriously, what Dr. King would want us to be doing, were he here today; I think a legitimate question. If we're not going to talk about education and economics when it comes to people of color, then this debate really is a bunch of conjecture, I think we all agree.

But part of the problem — one of the reasons why we can't get to those real discussions about education and economics is because other mess keeps getting in the way, like the attack on affirmative action. I, quite frankly, am tired of people taking King's words and misappropriating what he meant, to suggest that affirmative action Dr. King would not be for.

I want to ask you — I don't want to use the phrase "litmus test," necessarily, but where do you rank affirmative action when it comes to anyone you might have the chance to nominate to sit on the Supreme Court? Are we talking the Thurgood Marshall construct or the Clarence Thomas construct? [laughter]

WINNER Two words Thurgood Marshall. [laughter and applause] You know, the next president is likely to appoint at least three justices of the Supreme Court, and the majority on the court that will determine our policies for the next 30 to 40 years will be appointed by the next president of the United States.

If you entrust me with the presidency, I will appoint justices to that court who understand and reflect in their decisions the philosophy that our Constitution is a living and breathing document. Dr. King would want us to rededicate ourselves to building a beloved community, and that means that we've still got work to do. And affirmative action is one of the tools that we still need to have available to us to remove the barriers of discrimination and open up opportunity for all through economic empowerment, through the best education system in the world, through universal health care, through an end to poverty in this country, and through a Supreme Court that will honor our Constitution's deepest values and the deepest meaning of the American spirit. 

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, how do you rank affirmative action?

LOSER I could never appoint anybody to the Supreme Court that I thought might turn the clock back on civil rights. I think of affirmative action. I think of how overblown the criticism is, how true it is to reach out and try to draw people in. It's the best of what America is. I mean, more people in this country lost their jobs in the 1982 recession because of bad economic mismanagement than were helped by affirmative action since its inception.

I look out there and I say, you know, I think that we've made progress, but I think now things are a little more subtle. It's not the school door being shut. It's not, you know, the overt prohibition of going into a hotel. What it is now is you can't go to a bank and get a loan. You can't — . We've got Medicaid doctors who won't accept Medicaid payments. There's a long way to go. And until we get to that day, we still need affirmative action. 

WINNER I believe that we need vigorous enforcement of the civil rights laws. I believe that we need to understand and operate on the assumption that we should have prenatal care, high-quality child care, universal preschool, adequate child nutrition, raise the minimum wage a dollar an hour, expand the earned-income tax credit, give access to higher education for every young person in this country, bring the crime rate down even further, much further in our neighborhoods, and care for every single child in this country; bring our people together with affirmative action, civil rights enforcement, and with leadership to put civil rights right at the top of our national agenda. 

LOSER I was out in Santa Cruz, California a couple of years ago and I was with a group called Barrios Unidos. And we had a meeting afterwards with several women there. And I asked them, as I usually do in these settings, "What do you feel? What do you hope for?" I asked them, "What do you hope for?" And one young woman, who was 19 years old, a sophomore at a local college, looked at me and said, "What I hope for" — and her voice cracked; tears came to her eyes and she said, "that someday I can be treated like everybody else in America." That's what I hope for, too. And everything I do as president of the United States will be aimed to bring that day about. 

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, you and Vice President Gore are on record all over the place, thankfully, being vehemently opposed to racial profiling. As you both know, it's much easier in the abstract to oppose things like racial profiling than it is when it's a real-life example. Let me ask, if I can, a real-life question.

You know the story very well. In upstate New York, Oneonta, New York, where this elderly white woman was attacked in her home, the only thing she saw — the man had a ski mask on. She only saw one of his hands. And from the color of his skin, she knew that he was an African-American. She filed a police report, and the police in Oneonta, New York, this small college town, arrested — questioned, rather, every single African-American man in town — old, young, middle-aged, bald. It didn't matter what you looked like; if you were a black man and had at least one hand that was black, you got pulled over by the cops. [laughter]

The question is, if that happened to be your mother, that elderly white woman was your mother, would you agree with the decision of the Second Circuit Court that said that those cops in that city acted properly, that their conduct was not unconstitutional, it did not violate the separation — the right to unreasonable search and seizure? Do you agree with the Supreme Court with the appellate court in that decision?

LOSER I do not agree with it. We all know what driving while black is. This is breathing while black. [laughter] In my opinion, it is the opposite that we should head in this country. Racial profiling is particularly pernicious because we're talking about people who pay their taxes, work hard, abide by the rules, and they are plucked out because of our inability to see beneath skin color or eye shade or ethnicity in this country, and stopped on a regular basis.

If I were president of the United States, I would put an executive order in immediately that would end racial profiling in the federal government. I would work to get local police departments to keep data to be able to demonstrate that there was racial profiling, and then I'd stick the Justice Department after them to make sure they were going to abide by the law, with no racial profiling. [laughter]

WINNER I said at the beginning of my campaign for president that on the first day of the Gore presidency, I would issue an executive order to ban racial profiling. And the first civil rights bill introduced from the White House of the year 2001 would be a bill outlawing racial profiling. There's a lot of pain out there in this country on the part of African-Americans and Latinos and Asian-Americans who feel as if they have been singled out unfairly, and sometimes in a very harsh way, because of the way they look. That is unacceptable, and it's not necessary in order to have good community policing.

Now, the fact is, we need more community police officers, more contacts between officers walking the beat and the leaders in each community. And we need more diverse police departments with African-Americans and Latinos and others represented fully on the police force —  — so the police force understands the community well.

LOSER You know, Al, I know that you would issue an order to end racial profiling if you were president of the United States. But we have a president now. You serve with him. I want you to walk down that hallway, walk into his office and say, "Sign this executive order today." 

MODERATOR Vice President Gore.

WINNER I don't think President Bill Clinton needs a lecture from Bill Bradley about how to stand up and fight for African-Americans and Latinos in this country.  It's one thing to talk the talk. It's another thing to walk the walk — [boos] — whether it's down the hallway — the mayor of the largest city in New Jersey, an African-American, Sharp James, asked for help on the policy of racial profiling when you were in the Senate. He's here today, and he's supporting me because President Clinton and I have helped him with racial profiling. And you can ask him his reasons why he's made that decision. 

MODERATOR We're now going to take some audience questions, and our first question comes from Christina Fazon, who is an educator from Davenport. Your question, please.

AUDIENCE Hi. If neither of you supports school vouchers, what does your administration plan to do to not only increase funding but the quality of inner cities' public school education?

MODERATOR You have one minute for answers, starting with Mr. Gore first.

WINNER No child in this country should be trapped in a failing school. That is why I began my campaign for president by coming here to Iowa to outline a comprehensive education reform proposal, with a specific plan to turn around every failing school. I'm proud to have the support of Iowa teachers. I think it's time to start treating our teachers like the professionals they are and reward them adequately —  — and give them smaller class size and smaller schools and higher standards, with the resources to bring all children along. I'm for universal preschool in this country.

Now, I think that — I say in every speech that bringing about revolutionary improvements in our public schools has to be the number one priority for investment in the future. I never supported vouchers. Senator Bradley voted for them every single time they came up for 18 years in the Senate. I'm glad that he says he's opposed to them now and that was a mistake. But when he talks about them, I still get the feeling he's a little intrigued by them. [laughter] I think that they represent a mistake because they would drain money away from our public schools at a time when we ought to be increasing the federal investment in public schools. And I propose to increase it by more than 50 percent. 

MODERATOR Senator Bradley.

LOSER I don't think vouchers are the answer to the problems of public education. I've said that over and over in the course of the campaign. I voted for experiments. Those experiments were to try to help kids that are caught in dead schools have a chance. No experiments ever took place. And so now I think what we need to do is we need to focus on how we improve education in this country.

I believe education is not just simply K through 12. I view it as beginning at birth, extending through every life stage, and for everybody. And that means the first few years of life, kids have to have stimulation, early child care and education. That means 400,000 more slots for Head Start, getting kids ready to learn. And when you get to elementary and secondary schools, that means making sure there are qualified, great teachers in every classroom. I've offered a proposal that would put 600,000 qualified, great teachers in public schools in urban areas and in rural areas of this country. That's an important step in the right direction. 

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, this question is for you. This is Sullivan Bakan, who is a student here at North High School. Your question, Sullivan?

AUDIENCE In your administration, do you intend to make efforts to appoint minorities to high-level positions?

LOSER Absolutely. I will make sure that an administration that I lead reflects the diversity of the country, for one common-sense reason — because that would be the best administration. I have always had advisers at the highest levels who were African-American, who were Latino, who were Asian-Americans. And I did that because I thought that made me a better leader. For example, in my campaign, my issues director is African-American. My chief delegate is African-American. My treasurer is African-American. My deputy campaign manager is Asian-American. And I have a senior adviser on Latino affairs.

The fact is that the reason you do these things is because that will make your administration strong and better able to lead all the people of this country. And besides, there are a lot of people out there with great talent that need to be given that chance to serve their country. 

WINNER Let me say that I am very proud to be a part of the Clinton-Gore administration, which has broken every record for the inclusion of African-Americans and Latinos in Cabinet positions, White House positions, judgeships —  — and high agency posts. I'm proud that here today are Secretary Alexis Herman, Secretary Rodney Slater, Secretary Bill Richardson. And we have been one of the most successful administrations in history, bringing about the strongest economy in history, not in spite of diversity but because of diversity.

If you entrust me with the presidency, I will seek to break that all-time record, not only because that's fair and right to have a government that looks like America, but because it is the best way to have a government that works well for America, that understands the challenges and sees the opportunities in every single community all across our land. It is past time for us to remove the old barriers, get past the old prejudices, and truly become one America, with respect for one another, embracing the highest common denominator of the human spirit. That's what America is all about. 

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, this question is for you. We'll start with you. This is Randy Palmer, who is an attorney in Des Moines. Mr. Palmer, your question?

AUDIENCE How will Senator Bradley's proposal to amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include gay and lesbian Americans impact the civil rights of racial, religious and other minorities?

WINNER Well, I favor the elimination of any discrimination against gays and lesbians. I think the time has come for us to expand the circle of human dignity and bring all Americans into the fullness of American life, with full protections under the law.

Now, the leaders of most all civil rights groups and most all gay and lesbian rights groups believe that it is not wise to open up the '64 civil rights bill in the Republican Congress to a process that could lead to it being seriously damaged and even lost. Virtually all of them have followed the leadership of Congressman Barney Frank in supporting the Employment Non-Discrimination Act as a way to get right to the heart of the problem in eliminating the discrimination that exists against gays and lesbians. We came within one vote of passing that in the last Congress. If you entrust me with the presidency, I will lead toward the one America I mentioned a moment ago and toward an end to discrimination against gays and lesbians. 

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley.

LOSER I was in the Senate and voted for the act that Al says is important. I think it is important. But I don't think that it is completely — it doesn't take care of everything. When there is discrimination, you address it with the 1964 Civil Rights Act. That's where you would add another class. Now, I think that — I'm against discrimination against anyone; African-American, Latino, gays and lesbians. And I think you ought to do it right in the place where it's always been done.

Now, would I send such a piece of legislation to the Congress if I thought the 1964 Civil Rights Act was going to be opened up? Absolutely not. One of the main reasons I got into politics in the first place — I was in the Senate chamber in 1964 the night the Civil Rights Act passed. And I said to myself that night, "Something happened here to make America a better place, not just for African-Americans, Latino-Americans, Asian-Americans, but for all Americans." I even thought that night maybe someday I could be in the United States Senate. And I tried to honor that spirit. And I would never do anything, anything, that could possibly undermine that act. but I don't think progress for everyone means less progress for someone.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley —  — this question we will start with you first — this is T.C. Rush, who is a systems analyst from West Des Moines. Ms. Rush?

AUDIENCE If you — hopefully this question will be settled very soon — but if you were president now, would you favor allowing Elian Gonzalez being with his father? Wouldn't family values favor reuniting him with his parent? Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, yes, sir.

LOSER Well, as an American I wanted Elian Gonzalez to be in the United States. I said that when he came. There's a court proceeding going on. That court proceeding ought to work. As a father I can understand why his father wants him in Cuba.

The best answer would be for his father and Elian to be in the United States.

But I think there is a wider point here. The tragedy of this young person has riveted the nation's attention. I want to make sure that we don't lose sight of that tragedy, because there are tragedies every day in this country with nearly 14 million children living in poverty on the streets of America. I believe we should take some of this good will and some of this determination to help and turn it to reducing and eliminating child poverty in this country. If Elian Gonzalez can be an inspiration to do that, then I think it will have a much longer-term effect than just simply one tragic incident, no matter how tragic it is. 

WINNER I think that the question ought to be — I think the question ought to very simply what is in the best interests of this child. I think that the father should come here and stand on free soil to express the true feelings in his heart. I think we should remember and honor the fact that this child's mother lost her life, sacrificing her life in order to try to get her child freedom.

Now, if Castro keeps hiring these paid demonstrators to shout outside the father's window, how can we be sure that he is not speaking under the threat of intimidation? If he is not allowed to come here and speak freely, then the matter should be addressed in our domestic relations courts that have expertise and experience, and the body of law by which we traditionally answer those questions according to due process.

I want to compliment Congressman Bob Menendez of New Jersey who has helped to lead our nation's dialogue on this issue. As a father myself, I believe that we should focus on getting that father the right to say what is truly in his heart and then focus on what is truly best for the child.

MODERATOR Vice President Gore, this question is for you Under what is colloquially known as the "wet-foot-dry-foot" law, which in essence means that a Cuban who makes it to U.S. soil can stay — that is not the case for a Haitian immigrant, that is not the case for a Mexican immigrant, that is not the case for a Chinese immigrant. Do you think that this law should be expanded to include all of these groups?  Or do you think this law should be halted?

WINNER I think that communist dictatorships are treated differently for a legitimate reason. I do think that underlying your question is the stark reality that in some times past Haitian immigrants have not been treated according to a fair standard, and I —

MODERATOR So China should be the exception as well?

WINNER — I am glad — no, no — I would say the same of Chinese immigrants. And recently the child of a Haitian immigrant who had been sent back was returned when the INS reversed itself and applied the same standard there — which it should always do.

But I think that the law which singles out the pervasive effects of a communist dictatorship is a difference that is justified, and it has been reflected in some other situations where communist dictators have been calling the shots.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley?

LOSER I basically agree with Al on that. I think that there's a wider issue though here, which is immigration generally and the role it plays in our country. And people who come to our shores as refugees have a right to remain because they're fleeing tyranny — not just communist tyranny but tyranny. I think we ought to assure that they can stay and have the same legal rights as everybody else. In 1996 the immigration law created some problems that we need to rectify.

I think we are — unless you are a Native American, or unless — who was here at the beginning, or an African American who was brought against your will — we are all immigrants in this country. And because we are immigrants, that's the best of what we have as a country. And quite frankly, if I was elected president of the United States, my wife would be the first immigrant first lady of the United States. So I think immigration is what we are. As a country it should be celebrated. It adds dynamism to our society, and we should never lose sight of that fact. MODERATOR We now have four preselected panelists with very brief questions. The first is Dr. Paula Mahone.

AUDIENCE As an African American doctor, I am very concerned about the declining enrollment of African Americans in medical school, and of course I'm concerned about the underrepresentation of other minority Americans. Can you tell me, Senator Bradley, what you would do if elected president to assure equal representation of minority physicians in medical school?

LOSER Well, first of all that I think is partly an affirmative action question. I strongly support affirmative action. I think that once you've attained a certain level of competence that a university, a medical school, ought to be able to put its class together to reflect the country as a whole. I mean, you've seen what's happened over the last 30 years where individuals who were admitted to universities or graduate schools because of affirmative action not only did as well as everybody else there, but they went on to distinguish themselves in careers in the country. And what career do we want African Americans, Latinos or Asians to distinguish themselves in if not for caring for the sick? And so I would say that's important.

Another is scholarships that would be available. Another is making major investment in math, science, computer and foreign language education in high schools so that you would find — with good qualified teachers — so you would find more and more African American, Latino and Asian students coming out of high school to college and then moving on to medical school.

WINNER Dr. Mahone, I recognize you, and when you performed that medical miracle you made not only Iowa proud but the entire nation proud.  And I think that it's fair to say that there were countless young African American girls and boys, and boys and girls of all backgrounds, who saw you on the national television screens at the very top of your profession demonstrating to one and all that there is nothing you don't know how to do in the field of medicine. And they thought to themselves, You know, I can do that, and I may set my sights on that. That is another benefit to our country, of reaching out to guarantee that we have medical school classes that look like America, and that youngsters can go into school in higher education and graduate school regardless of their family income. That's why I proposed a national tuition savings plan, and a 401(J) account, and measures to increase the funding to make sure that all young people have access to higher education, no matter what their family income is.

MODERATOR To those who are watching the debate live around the country, Dr. Mahone needs no introduction here in Iowa. Mr. Gore spoke of a medical miracle — he was talking of course about the Macoy septuplets — you all know that of course. [laughter]

Anyway, before we go on to Steffen Schmidt, our next panelist, I should tell you that these four panelists, as I mentioned earlier were preselected, were selected by the Brown-Black Forum, and I neglected to tell you that. Forgive me.

Mr. Schmidt, your question for Mr. Gore first?

AUDIENCE Thank you. Mr. Gore, moments ago you talked about diversity on the Supreme Court. We Latinos and Latinas have been waiting for an Hispanic on the Court. Would you take a pledge here tonight that you will appoint a Hispanic to the court? And could you give us two names of potential candidates? [laughter]

WINNER Steffen, do you have a law degree? [laughter] I think that I am going to avoid listing —appoint - names of people to appoint, because I am not going to get ahead of myself. I am fighting to get the Democratic nomination. I want your help in the Iowa caucuses and then in the New Hampshire primary and beyond. If I am entrusted with the presidency, I will make appointments and nominations that fully reflect the diversity of our country, to the Supreme Court as well as to the Cabinet, and that includes Latinos, yes. 

MODERATOR Senator Bradley?

LOSER I think that one of the most exciting things taking place in the country today is the tremendous burgeoning enthusiasm and optimism and confidence in Latino America. Some of the most exciting organizers that I've met in my life are in California — young Latino organizers in Texas — because they see this process now opening in a way so that their futures can be realized as every other generation. Every other ethnicity's future has been realized through the political system of this country. It is tremendously inspiring for me to see that. I want to say thank you to Pete Wilson, who is the governor of California, who run a very negative 187 negative campaign that I strongly opposed — I want to thank him, because he's brought them forward.

But the reality is that that means that they should be appointed at the highest levels of our government, and that includes the Supreme Court — no commitment today, but commitment that there are many who could. 

MODERATOR Our next panelist is Michele Soria. I mentioned earlier that these panelists were preselected by the Brown-Black Forum. Now I am obligated to tell you that she happens to be a Bradley precinct captain, just in terms of full disclosure. Now, having said that — [laughter] — having said that, how about a question for Bill Bradley? [laughter]

AUDIENCE Demographic evidence indicates that racial and ethnic minorities will become the majority in the U.S. in the near future. Senator Bradley, what leadership qualities do you possess to be a leader of this diverse nation?

LOSER Well, thank you very much for your comment. I guess it goes back to basic values and dreams and visions for the country.

I know a couple of things. I made my living for 10 years playing professional basketball, traveling with a predominantly African American group around the country — I learned more from them than they ever learned from me. And one of the things I learned is how much I will never know about what it is to be African American in this country.

But I saw some things that offended me, and I want people to know that I see things, but you feel them, and discrimination is still there, racism is still there. And because I know and I see I might not know as well as you, but I do know it has to end. And therefore I would take my life experience and move it toward changing conditions, as I said at the beginning — poverty discrimination and changing our hearts so that we could all reach out to each other and get to a time finally in America when, in Toni Morrison's words, "race exists, but it doesn't matter." 

MODERATOR Vice President Gore?

WINNER Thank you for your involvement in the political process, and please give my best to your mother and father — they have excellent political judgment, and I appreciate that — [laughter] —

LOSER Youth, youth, youth. [laughter]

WINNER Make sure they get to the caucuses too.

I feel this challenge with all of my heart. I believe that it is right at the core of who we are as Americans. We are bound together not by any common ethnicity or race or language or national origin; we are bound together by a set of ideas and ideals. Even our Founders who wrote the Declaration and the Constitution underestimated the spiritual power of the words they gave us. Otherwise they would have freed their slaves and given women the right to vote as well as African Americans and Latinos. But in our generation we have been privileged to stand on their shoulders and expand the circle of human dignity.

I want to create an America in which our children and grandchildren will be able one day to look back on this time, at the start of this millennium, and say, We didn't yet understand the full mandate of the American dream. We have got work to do, and I want to lead this country toward a future that is bright and hopeful for all of the people. 

MODERATOR This question goes to Vice President Gore first, and this is Erik Parker. Erik?

AUDIENCE Yes. Currently Section 2 of the Fourteenth Amendment allows the states the right to disenfranchise convicted felons. As a result, 1.4 million African American males are unable to vote in this nation. However, former Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall said, and I quote, "It is doubtful whether the state can demonstrate either a compelling or rational policy interest in denying former felons the right to vote." Vice President Gore and Senator Bradley, do you agree with Justice Marshall? And, if you do, what would you do as president to rectify that?

WINNER Well, I believe first of all we need to recognize the inequities in our criminal justice system which have in part resulted in the very high incarceration rate for African Americans. And I think we have to recognize that while everyone in our country, from every group, wants to see vigorous enforcement of the law and reduction in crime, there has to be equal enforcement, including in sentencing — and there are disparities in sentencing that need to be addressed.

Now, the principle that convicted felons do not have a right to vote is an old one, it is well-established. I think that the definition of what kind of crimes automatically fall in the category that triggers that exclusion from the franchise could well benefit from a fresh review. I am not familiar with the specific case that you are referring to, but I will review it. I believe that the established principle that felonies — certainly heinous crimes — should result in a disenfranchisement.

LOSER There's no question there is unequal justice in the United States. There is also no question that a generation of young African American males are ending up in prison — in the large part for non-violent first-time drug offenses, in large part because of the disparity in the sentencing for different quantities of crack and cocaine.

The first thing I would do is bring the difference between crack and cocaine much closer together. I would then try to take a look at mandatory first-time non-violent drug offenders, and say does mandatory sentencing make sense there. I don't think it does.

And the last thing I'd do, speaking specifically to your point — if someone is in on a non-violent offense and comes out and is able to go straight for two years, three years, I think that that person ought to be able to wipe his weapon clean and start the day anew. And that's what I would attempt to achieve. 

MODERATOR This question is for Mr. Bradley. You spoke a little earlier about your experiences working in professional sports where your teammates were dealing with racism on a daily basis. What do you think then should be done with a player like John Rocker, who has made disparaging remarks about immigrants, about homosexuals, who called teammate a "fat monkey"? Do you think this is a sign of a mental illness? Do you think this indicates a person — [laughter] — who needs some kind of counseling? Should he be removed?

LOSER I don't know John Rocker, and I don't want to know John Rocker.  But what I think is that it's important for the team to take action — I mean, I wouldn't be disappointed if they fired him — certainly suspension is in order. I don't know what his situation is. I saw Hank Aaron met with him, along with Andrew Young the other day — they're talking to him. So I am not in the middle of that.

But I do know one thing this would not have happened had an organization and a team been attuned to the kind of things that he said. When I was on the Knicks, one of my jobs was when there was a white player that came on the team who didn't quite understand — used the wrong words — [laughter] — I took him over to the side and said, Look, that doesn't work on this team. If you want to be on this team, you respect everybody. If that had happened on the Atlanta Braves, you wouldn't have had John Rocker. 

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President?

WINNER I don't disagree with anything that Bill said on that. I was in Atlanta today. I spoke at Ebenezer Baptist Church at the invitation of Coretta Scott King on Martin Luther King Day. And while I was there I spoke to Andrew Young, and I was very impressed with what Andy Young and Hank Aaron had to say after their meeting with Mr. Rocker.

I think that if he has more meetings like that, and impresses more people the way he impressed them, he is going to be on the road toward receiving the forgiveness that he needs eventually. I think that America — first of all, I think what he said was reprehensible and disgusting, and I condemn it without any reservation, of course.

I think America is all about redemption. And part of the message of Dr. King is to love your enemies and plant the seeds of reconciliation in their hearts. For some racism may be a form of mental illness. For others it is simply a manifestation of evil that they have the ability to transcend and overcome with love, forgiveness and redemption. 

MODERATOR This question — also back to you, Mr. Vice President — the Democrat activist, the Reverend Al Sharpton, has now endorsed anybody yet in this race. He is of course in the forefront of New York City politics and he is perceived by many people to be very controversial. For example, many people point to his refusal to denounce the anti-Semitism of people like Khalid Mohammed. He says he has asked you for a public meeting. Will you commit to a public meeting with him? And what would it take for you — what would you do to get his endorsement?

WINNER Well, I did meet with him in a group of quite a few ministers and religious and clergy leaders —

MODERATOR He wants a public meeting.

WINNER — in New York. Well, the — you guys were out front covering us as we came in and went out, and we had a good dialogue, and I have talked to him previously. And so I was not hesitant to do that, and I'll take it as it goes along.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley?

LOSER Well, I went to the House of Justice in Harlem. I was introduced by Al Sharpton. I was introduced in a very polite way. It was the first time, I believe, since 1968, that a Democratic candidate in the primary had a major public meeting in Harlem. And I went there to speak to the community. Al Sharpton invited me to come to the House of Justice, but I went there to speak to the community. I don't agree with Al Sharpton on everything. But I think that he's got to be given respect, and people have to — have to — be allowed to grow. And so I look at this and I say it's a sad time when we don't look at somebody as they move through life and we get them stuck in a particular position in life. That's happened too often. So, yes, I had a public meeting with him — five or six hundred people in the community. I did it because that's the way I do with all communities — speak with them where they are living their lives, because I want to be a president that helps people where they are living their lives. 

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley, with all due respect to the voters here in Iowa, and New Hampshire, as you and Mr. Gore both know, both Iowa and New Hampshire are both overwhelmingly white states with a disproportionately loud voice in the electoral process, in terms of who is going to come out of this, Bradley or Gore on top, I wonder whether or not you think we ought to take a look at another look, I should say — at how this deck is stacked and whether or not you think it is fair to persons of color, since this is a race debate, unfair to persons of color around the country that we don't get a chance really to be heard until six or seven weeks into the process. Two small states, overwhelmingly white, but a disproportionately loud voice in the process.

LOSER Well, Tavis, that's why I wanted to do this debate, so that even in the Iowa caucuses that your voices would be heard.

I personally think the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary is a good way to begin a presidential race, because you have to go to where people are. When you begin to run in politics for your first office — mayor, state senator, whatever — you begin in somebody's living room. People take their measure of you, they watch how you move, how you answer questions. That's exactly how you have to begin to run for president of the United States when the race begins in Iowa and New Hampshire. I think that's positive.

I have been in this community in Des Moines, and in Waterloo, in just those kinds of meetings, so African Americans, Latinos in Iowa have had their chance to take my measure in those kinds of meetings. I think that's positive, and I certainly believe — I hope you go to the Iowa caucuses next week and help me. 

WINNER Let me unequivocal and clear I support Iowa having the first caucuses and New Hampshire having the first primary.  And let me point out that thanks to Wayne and others, out of all of the 30-some-odd caucuses and primaries, Iowa is the only one that has or has had a black and brown debate for all of the candidates. [applause and cheers] And let me point out also that the first baby born of the millennium here in Iowa was an African American child, and the first born in Des Moines was a Latino child.  And I want to congratulate Governor Vilsack and the first lady, Chrissy Vilsack, for their inclusion and leadership here. And I want to point out for the listening audience that today is the first time, because of the Democratic leadership of Governor Jean Shaheen in New Hampshire that New Hampshire has at long last celebrated the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, and I congratulate New Hampshire. 

MODERATOR As we are nearing the end of our broadcast, I am going to ask you to keep this final answer to 30 seconds apiece, please, and a tight 30 seconds.

Advisors, Mr. Gore, to President Clinton suggested that the president create a permanent commission on race. He declined. Would you create a permanent commission on race if you were president?

WINNER Well, actually the administration does have a permanent follow-up to that commission that is pursuing all of the matters that were explored by the commission. Let me say that if you entrust me with the presidency, I will see this challenge as a sacred undertaking, because I believe that bringing our nation together is the key to our future prosperity and the key to our ability to lead fulfilling lives as Americans. We live in a diverse world in a global economy. Diversity is a precious advantage for us. I want to unlock our potential.

MODERATOR Mr. Bradley?

LOSER The answer is I don't know if we need a permanent commission. What we do need is a permanent commitment. We also need a permanent institutional place where this can be moved forward, because what we have to show people is not just that we are sensitive to African Americans, Latinos and Asians, but that we can bring white people to understand the long-term future of this country is served when we move forward together.  That will require presidential leadership. And it is going to require much more than that. It's going to require every person in this country taking their step to see brother and sisterhood as the future of the country. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR Mr. Gore, it — as they say, it has been fun, but we've got to run. You've got 30 tight seconds for a closing comment — 30 seconds.

WINNER I mentioned earlier that I had the honor of addressing the Martin Luther King Day ceremonies today at Ebenezer Baptist with the King Family and much of the civil rights leadership of our country. I believe that in order to realize America's potential in the 21st century we must have a president who is willing to fight for civil rights and women's rights, to tear down the barriers of discrimination and to unlock economic empowerment for all of our people. I ask for your support in the Iowa caucuses on January 24th. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR And closing remarks from Mr. Bill Bradley.

LOSER A poet that I like once wrote the tragedy is not to die, the tragedy is to die with commitments undefined, with convictions unexpressed, and with service unfulfilled. On the subject of race, I have a lifetime of commitments and a lifetime of expressing my convictions. If the people of Iowa and this country will join me, I will be able to fulfill that service, and we will be able, if you join me, together then we can move our collective humanity several feet forward and make this country what it can be. Thank you. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR Thank you very much. Soledad, I have been enlightened, I have been encouraged, I have been empowered by this. I hope our audience has as well. And thank you for the opportunity to work with you.

MODERATOR Thank you as well. We would also like to thank the members of the Brown and Black Presidential Forum, and also the people who generously contributed North High School for us this evening. Thank you very much. Have a safe evening, and don't forget to vote. 

MODERATOR Welcome. We're very glad you're with us today for what has become an important Iowa campaign tradition the "Des Moines Register's" pre-caucus presidential candidate debates.

Today, you'll be hearing the views of the two Democratic nominations — or I'm sorry, the two Democrats seeking their party's nomination. And they are Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee and former U.S. Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey.

Next week, we'll be hearing from the Republican candidates, and by the way, I should add that today's debates are closed-captioned and on some stations are being translated into Spanish.

This caucus season's campaign for the support of Iowans has been one of the more hotly contested campaigns that we've seen in many years. Candidates have spent more days in the state than many have in the past, They and special interests are spending a lot of money on advertising.

For their part, many Democrats tell me that they find much to like about both of these candidates. But they are having a tough time making a decision.

Well, gentlemen, I trust that by the end of today's session, that choice will be much, much easier. It's our hope that viewers today will see clear distinctions between the two of you in your styles, your expectations, your hopes, and your general approach to government.

Our questions today have all come from Iowans, but before we address those questions, we'll have opening statements from each candidate.

Vice President Gore, let's begin with you. You have one minute.

WINNER Thank you. It's really an honor to be here and for those of you, I've not yet had a chance to meet personally, I'd like to start by briefly introducing myself. Tipper and I have been married for 29 and a half years. We have four children and one grandchild, as of July 4. I'm a Vietnam veteran, and for 16 years, I served in the U.S. Congress, House and Senate, alongside Tom Harkin. For the last seven years, I've served as vice president.

And the other night in the debate, Senator Bradley criticized me and other Democrats for being in what he called a "Washington bunker." So, I want to start by telling you what we were doing in that Washington bunker. We've created 20 million new jobs, cut the welfare rolls in half, passed the toughest gun control in a generation, and created the strongest economy in the history of the United States of America.

Now we have a fight to continue our future with prosperity. I want universal health care, dramatic improvements in all of our schools, and help for farmers. That's not a bunker, those are the front lines in the fight for our future, and that's where I want to fight for you for the next four years.

MODERATOR Thanks, Mr. Vice President. Senator Bradley.

LOSER Let me thank the sponsors of the debate for the opportunity to be here today.

I grew up in a small town in Missouri on the banks of the Mississippi River. It was a town that had 3,492 people in it, there were 96 in my high school graduating class, and it had one stop light. It was a town — it was a factory town. Most of the people worked in the glass factory, and yet a lot of the students in high school came in, bused in from farms in the neighboring area. It was a multi-racial, multi-ethnic town. It was a very special place to grow up.

I learned a lot of values there courage, discipline, respect, responsibility, resilience. I carry them with me.

A lot of the small towns that I've gone through and met people in in Iowa remind me of that small town in Missouri. And, you know, I find that in the course of this campaign, I've had a chance to talk about a lot of things with Iowans. And I look forward this debate to continue that discussion.

MODERATOR Thanks, Senator. Well, now, moving to some questions from some Iowans, and as both of you know, Iowa has a higher percentage of older residents than most other states. And many of our older residents, and I might add their sons and daughters like me, are increasingly concerned about medical costs.

One of the questions we received is from Margaret Rooney from Des Moines. And here's what she wrote to me "My entire Social Security check, $702 a month, goes for health care expenses. $470 is spent on supplemental insurance — I'm sorry, on prescription drugs; $182 is spent on supplemental insurance; and the last $50 is owed to an ambulance company which charged me $378 for a five-mile trip to the emergency room. Now Medicare refused my claim, in spite of my doctor's writing two letters stating that my injury was a medical emergency. What are you prepared to do to help me?"

Senator Bradley, you can go first on this one. A minute and 30 seconds, please.

LOSER Well, I think that the lady in question has a lot of company out there in the world today. I think that senior citizens are really inundated by high medical costs, indeed, particularly high drug costs. That's why, as a part of an overall health care program that I've proposed, that I cover drug costs for senior citizens. After they've paid the first $800, they pay 25 percent above that.

And this will be a tremendous benefit.

The other night, for example, I was out on the picket at Local 147 of the Teamsters Union. Had a chance to talk to a lady there who told me that her mother paid $10,000 a year for drug costs. All of her Social Security check went right to pay for the drugs.

And I thought, as she was talking, that she was precisely the person that I intend to help. Because if she had had the program that I'm advocating, the most she would have paid is about $3,000 not $10,000.

And we've got to remember that when we have the elderly treated with life-saving drugs, they will live longer — chronic disease, catastrophic disease. So, if we make sure they get access to the right drugs and we pay for them, that will save overall health care costs, because they will not be put into hospitals or have to pay very much high expenses for doctor bills.

So, it makes good sense in a human area. It also makes tremendous sense in terms of saving money.

MODERATOR Thank you. Mr. Vice President.

WINNER How much was her prescription drug bill again?

MODERATOR Something like $470 a month.

WINNER OK, two things. First of all, she depends upon Medicare and Medicare is one of the best programs we've ever enacted. But here's the problem There are 40 million Americans on Medicare today. And yet that number is going to double over the next 25 to 30 years, to 80 million. So, the trust fund is going down rapidly. By the year 2015, Medicare will be completely bankrupt, unless we start acting to save it now.

I have a plan to take us toward high quality health care for all in a way that does not eliminate Medicaid or put Medicare at risk.

In order to accomplish that goal without doing harm to Medicare, I allocate $374 billion over the next 10 years to the Medicare program.

Now, one of the disagreements you may have been reading about in the presidential campaign so far is my concern that, under Senator Bradley's plan, he doesn't put a penny into Medicare. And I don't think that's a good approach because I think we need to take care to protect Medicare.

Now, secondly, on her prescription drugs, under Senator — under my plan she would get the cost of her prescriptions drugs covered. Under Senator Bradley's plan she would have a $500 deductible and then $300 premiums, so she wouldn't get a penny of help under Senator Bradley's plan.

And if she gets Medicaid, which does pay prescription drugs, she wouldn't get it there either because he cancels Medicaid.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, 30 seconds for rebuttal.

LOSER Again, a slight misrepresentation. I replace Medicaid with something that is better. That's always conveniently ignored.

Let me say, I think Al has the view that, if we provide universal health coverage for everybody, that we can't protect Medicare; if we protect Medicare, we can't provide universal health coverage for everybody.

Now, I don't agree with that. I think we can do both. And this morning the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget said that the net surplus over the next decade is going to be another $800 billion. So we can do both.

MODERATOR All right.

Mr. Vice President?

WINNER Well, that wasn't a report, it was sources speculating. And the — and the people who make up the numbers say the natural growth in government services is going to take up almost all of that over the next 10 years.

Now, the problem with Bill's approach, saying we can wait until Medicare goes bankrupt to address it, is it, kind of, reminds me of the guy who fell out of a 10-story building and as he passed the fifth floor he shouted, "So far, so good."

Well, that's where we are with the Medicare trust fund. It's going down rapidly. Our population is aging and we need to start putting more money into Medicare now.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Here's an agriculture question from David Schoenbaum, who lives in Iowa City. He writes "Candidates from both parties have told "The Des Moines Register" that they support genetic engineering, something Iowa agriculture is heavily invested in. We're also heavily dependent on exports, as both of you know. But, genetically engineered products meet heavy resistance in European countries and in Japan. Now a century ago, we could deploy our ships and threaten to shoot if other nations didn't open up their markets. What can we do today?" Senator Bradley, you're first on this one, as well.

LOSER I think the most important thing we can do is to use our authority under the World Trade Organization in order to petition to get access to markets. When, for example, Europe blocked our beef because of beef hormones, we went to the WTO. We farmed a dispute settlement mechanism. We presented our case and they ruled in our favor. There's still delaying the entry of that beef into Europe, but the decision was made.

I think we have to continue to push, under the remedies that are available to us under the World Trade Organization, to get access to markets for our agricultural goods.

But we all know that the problem of agriculture in this country is serious. In Iowa it's dead serious. I've talked to thousands of family farmers over the last year and it means we have to change policy. It means we have to get the antitrust division to get after these large packers that are discriminating against family farmers. It means that we have to have a conservation reserve program expanded. It means that we have to provide income supplement to farmers, based upon the relationship between price and their costs, and it has to go to them with a cap so it only goes to family farmers and not to big corporate farmers.

And then we have to help our family farmers get a bigger chunk of the food dollar. Now they only get 20 cents of the food dollar. They should get more.

I was down in Delaware County not so long ago talking to some hog producers, and they had an idea. They butchered their own meat, they didn't sell it to a big hog producer. And when they did that, they were able to sell it.

We need to help family farmers move further up that chain and get a bigger piece of that food dollar.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, if I recall the question's about genetically modified organisms, and, you know, the key point is we can't let Europe and Japan determine our farm policy. The decisions on GMOs, as they're referred to, or hormones in livestock really ought to be based on sound science. Not science controlled by people working for the companies that profit from these new technologies, but neutral, dispassionate experts who will give us the best and most accurate conclusions about their safety. If they are safe, and if they enhance productivity at no risk, then we ought to be able to use them.

Now the decision on beef — you know, actually what happened is they decided to accept compensating tariff increases on cheese and a lot of the products that are important to them. But now, I've personally been involved in trying to persuade France and the European Union, Japan to take a scientific, reasonable, rational approach on these new products. Now with consumer preferences emerging and evolving, at some point, we've really got to take a hard look and look at our hole cards here. Because we don't want farmers to be out on a limb and left holding the bag. But the best approach is to use sound science, make the careful and correct decisions, and not let Europe and Japan make them for us.

Now of course, we have also got to address these other issues, including it's time to get rid of almost all of the so-called Freedom to Farm Act because it's been the freedom to fail and it's not working.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley — 30-second rebuttal.

LOSER I would like to take my 30-seconds and go back to the question of Medicare quite frankly. [laughter]

Because the vice president said that I was prepared to let Medicare go. Absolutely not. For 18 years in the United States Senate, I fought to protect Medicare; protected premiums from going up for senior citizens time and time again. I will always do that. Medicare is solid now until 2015, 2017. If we continue to have this economic growth, we're going to have it even longer.

And if we continue to have a health care program that's going to make the elderly — before they become elderly because of the program that I've offered healthier — it's going to cost us less money.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, you know, even John McCain on the Republican side of this race, has said that it's fiscally irresponsible to put out a budget plan that spends all of the surplus either on some tax scheme or some spending proposal without setting aside money for Medicare.

Now, it's one thing to have cast votes in the past on Medicare, but this is about the future. And this race is about the future. And a question that seniors here in Iowa need to ask is, who is going to fight to protect Medicare in the future? Is it going to be an afterthought, or is it going to be right up there at the top of the health care agenda?

MODERATOR OK, thank you.

Now we'd like each of you to ask a question of each other. And you will each have an opportunity for a follow-up question. Senator Bradley, please go ahead with your question for the vice president. You'll have 30 seconds to state the question. And he'll have a minute and 30 seconds to respond.

LOSER Al, in 1964, 76 percent of the people in this country said they trusted the government to do the right thing most of the time. That number is now down to 29 percent. Why do you think that's so?WINNER I think it's happened for a variety of reasons, Bill. I think that the assassination of President Kennedy marked a rite of passage in our nation when many people began to think that something bad started to go wrong, because right after that we got mired in the Vietnam War.

You know, I was in the Army at that time and I came home thoroughly disillusioned with politics, partly because of the same kind of changes that a lot of other people were seeing in our country.

Right after that, our hopes were raised with the civil rights movement, with the campaign of Bobby Kennedy, and then with the assassination of Dr. King and Bobby Kennedy those hopes for many were dashed, and then Richard Nixon was elected and Watergate took place.

And you know, at that time I thought politics would be the very last thing I ever did with my life. But I saw how people who were willing to fight against those problems and against cynicism could make a real difference. And that's why I decided to start fighting for a better future.

I think that we need campaign finance reform in order to restore a sense of trust and integrity in our government, and that's why I've supported, for 20 years, full public financing of elections. That's why I don't accept any PAC contributions.

And that's why I have suggested that we have twice-weekly debates, and instead of depending on these 30-second television ads and 60-second television ads, let's depend on debates like this one. Maybe the next one could be on agriculture. I know that you have said no, but as they say on that millionaire show Is that your final answer? [laughter]

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, you have time for a follow-up.

LOSER You know, I — I'm glad you mentioned campaign finance reform. I think that it's terribly important. I think the rich should have the right to buy as many homes and cars and houses that they want, but they shouldn't have a right to buy democracy.

But I think there's another element, too; and that is candidates going out and telling people what they believe — not taking polls, but telling what they believe. And in 30 seconds you can say a lot.

I'm for a women's right to choose. I'm for affordable, quality health care accessible to all Americans. I'm for education improvement in this country. I am for trying to make sure campaign finance reform is a reality, that working families have a better chance to advance, and that we eliminate child poverty in this country. How's that?

MODERATOR I didn't hear a question there, but...

WINNER Well ...

MODERATOR You had a chance for a follow-up, but go ahead.

WINNER Well, I think that the reason you didn't hear a question is because 30 seconds actually wasn't enough to say what he wanted to say...[laughter]...and still ask the question. And let me say again You can pick whatever state you wish. You can pick New Hampshire, where the polls say you're ahead. You can pick any state and say, "We'll get rid of the 30-second television ads and just debate twice a week."

Now, I think the first debate — and I've really — I'm sincere in saying I think we ought to come back to Iowa and have a debate on agricultural policy. And I'll come anywhere anytime, as long as it is in Iowa, because this is the number one farm state, the number one caucus state. And farmers are facing a crisis here. And they deserve to have a detailed discussion of what needs to be done to save the family farm.

MODERATOR Your question for the Senator, Mr. Vice President?

WINNER Oh, is it my turn to ask the questions of him now?

MODERATOR Your turn to ask a question, absolutely.

WINNER Well, let me just stay on what I was talking about right there. Let me introduce a friend of mine to you. Chris Peterson is here. Could you stand up, Chris?

Chris is a farmer with 400 acres. He farms beans and corn.

He's got — he says, unfortunately, he's got some hogs, not many cattle.

Back in 1993, 300 of his 400 acres were flooded out. I joined with Tom Harkin to get the extra billion dollars of disaster relief to help Chris and the others who were flooded out.

MODERATOR And your question?

WINNER Why did you vote against the disaster relief for Chris Peterson, when he and thousands of other farmers here in Iowa needed it after those 93 floods?

LOSER You know, Al, I think that the premise of your question is wrong. This is not about the past. This is about the future. This is about what we're going to do to change the agriculture policy we've had the last eight, 10 years — the Republicans and Democrats.

The family farmers that I've talked to in this state where the backbone of this agricultural economy have had no real help. Freedom to Farm failed. There was supposed to be a safety net. The administration said they were going to put a safety net in, and the first year after it passed, no safety net whatsoever. The reality is that we need to have a change in agriculture policy. Every family farmer — and I can't tell you how many have told me this year that they've been at it for generations. They're on the brink of bankruptcy. They're not getting any help. The corporations are getting all the help. Freedom to Farm gives all the money to the corporations and the big corporate farms, not to the small family farm. And that's why the suggestions that I've made for a change in agriculture policy are aimed to dramatically improve the circumstance for small family farms in this country.

So you can talk about the past, but I prefer to talk about the future.

WINNER Well, I understand why you don't want to talk about the past, because in addition to voting against the — you know, those floods, they created a new great lake on the satellite pictures out here. It was a genuine catastrophe and most people said, yes, these farmers need help.

And there were many other droughts and disasters facing farmers where you were one of a handful who didn't help the farmers.

MODERATOR Quick follow-up question.

WINNER Well, let me ask again, you know, we know you voted against ethanol and tried to kill it and crop insurance and price supports. But, again, what was the theory on which you based your vote to vote against Chris Peterson getting some help when his farm was underwater?

LOSER Well, let's take ethanol, OK, you raised that question. I opposed the mandate for ethanol. Bad for my state. It would have meant higher prices. It would have meant also the fact that people had to pay higher costs. I still oppose the mandate for ethanol.

But I do not oppose tax subsidies for ethanol. That was the change. And that came after talking to a lot of family farmers.

And you know something, when they said FDR wasn't going to be good for agriculture, you know what he did? He came to Iowa and appointed Henry Wallace as his agricultural secretary. Now, I'm not saying Tom Vilsack's interested...[laughter]... but what I'm saying is, under my administration the agricultural secretary will think of the family farmer first all across this country.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Let's go to another question from a reader now. This one's from Roger Sitterly from Des Moines. And he wants to know, "Under what circumstances should U.S. armed forces be used for international peacekeeping, and under whose command?"

Mr. Vice President, you go first on this one.

WINNER We always retain command of our armed forces. If we're part of an international alliance, our commander in chief always retains command.

Now, this is a question that actually comes up quite a bit, as you would expect in the age of Bosnia and Kosovo, and here's my answer to it. I think we have to have a national security interest at stake. I think that we have to have assurance that military force is the only option that can really solve the problem.

We have to make sure that we've tried everything else. And we have to make sure that military force, if used, will in fact solve the problem. We ought to have allies who are ready to go in with us and share the burden.

We ought to also be absolutely certain that the expected cost is worth what we are protecting by way of our national security interests.

Now, I have been a part of the National Security Council and our national security team for the last seven years, and I can tell you I am so proud of the military forces that have helped us to establish peace in the Balkans, and also have supported our resolve to get peace in the Middle East and Northern Ireland and East Timor and other areas where they're looking to us for moral leadership in the world to show that people of different ethnic and racial and religious groups can not only get along, but can actually dream that one day they'll have the kind of freedom with security that we have.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley.

LOSER I think the most important challenge for the next president of the United States in the international arena is maintaining strategic stability that now exists between China, Japan, Russia, Europe and the United States.

If we have any disruption of that, there'll be another arms race, we'll lose a lot of momentum that we have going forward. That is the central most important thing.

Second, I think we need to take our defense budget and move it more to a post-Cold War defense budget. We're still locked in the Cold War with a lot of assumptions and weapon systems that should change to meet the new threats, like nuclear proliferation, biological and chemical weapons, like cyberwar, terrorism, and threats in the Persian Gulf and in Northeast Asia.

And I think that, third, we need to be making a strong decision about the question that was asked.

I don't think that we can be the policeman to the world. I don't think we have the wisdom or the resources to do that. And that means we're going to have to move more and more to multilateral forums to resolve this, such as the United Nations. I personally think the action in East Timor is an example of how work right. And so I believe that the key thing is to never relinquish control of our troops, our command, but integrate more fully into a United Nations operation to deal with these ethnic disputes that are popping up all over the world today. We can't be involved in all 32 ethnic disputes in the world with our own forces. It has to be something we do together.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, a rebuttal?

WINNER Well, I don't really have a rebuttal to that, because I think Bill made a pretty good statement, by and large. I would add just a couple of things. I believe that, and I know he doesn't disagree with this, we also need to have diplomacy to go along with our military force, because it is a way to protect our national security if we can get the U.S. Senate to ratify the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. I've previously said that my first act as president, with your support, will be to resubmit that treaty to the United States with your demand that they ratify it.

MODERATOR OK. Rebuttal?

LOSER I think that, of course, we want to support the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, but we also need to have an administration that will push to reduce the threat of nuclear war everywhere. And one of the things that strikes me is that we haven't moved quickly enough in the last several years to reduce strategic nuclear weapons between the United States and the former Soviet Union.

I believe we need to move on quickly beyond Start II, to a negotiation for Start III in order to lower nuclear weapons.

MODERATOR Thank you. We have a couple of community college students in the audience. And we want to give some of them a chance to ask a question at this debate.

Our first student is Kim Myzenheimer of Mitchellville. She's a student at Des Moines Area Community College in Des Moines.

Kim, please go ahead — and, first of all, welcome to the debate. Go ahead and ask your question.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, you said we don't need to cut defense spending. And, Mr. Vice President, you said we may need to increase defense spending. I'm studying for a position in the human services field, and this is one of the first areas to be cut when money gets tight. If we beef up the military, as many candidates are suggesting, where will get money for human services and other important areas?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, you may go first.

LOSER Well, I think that we can have a steady-state military budget and have money left over to do the pressing social needs in this country. For example, I've proposed a national health insurance bill that will provide access to affordable, quality health care for all Americans. I'm the only candidate in the race that's done that. I am also taking a large amount of the money and helping middle-class families. I was out on that Teamster's picket line the other night. And a man came up to me and said, "I have a health insurance here, but my child has cerebral palsy and I can't get any coverage."

And so what I would do is make sure the money goes to them even if they have health insurance, so they can upgrade their health insurance. We can do that for about $55 billion to $65 billion a year.

You know, it used to be popular in politics to say that you were fighting for the people who work hard and play by the rules. I am still fighting for the people who work hard and play by the rules.

We have tremendous economic growth driven by technological change and globalization, innovation, entrepreneurship in the private sector. That is producing this tremendous surplus. That means we can do more to try to help community colleges. I've proposed a way to do that — $2 billion for community colleges — because that's where people learn more so that they can earn more for a lifetime.

And one of the things that strikes me, relative to your question, is if you look at what Al wants to spend money on, he wants to spend $127 billion on defense increases and wants to spend less than that for education.

MODERATOR OK. Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, that's not right. First of all, I've presided over the so-called reinventing government program to downsize our federal bureaucracy, including, more than any other, the Pentagon and the Defense Department.

I do believe that we have to stand for a strong national security. The United States, like it or not, is the natural leader in the world, especially in this post-Cold War world.

But you know, even as we've kept our military strong, we've turned the biggest deficits into the biggest surpluses in history. And now we have an opportunity to invest in education and human services. And if you work in the field of human services, you know how important Medicaid is to the people who receive those human services.

Ask yourself this question What kind of shape would they be in if the Medicaid program was completely eliminated and replaced with a little $150-a-month HMO voucher, or insurance company voucher? You know, there's not a single plan that is offered anywhere in the state of Iowa that you can purchase for $150 for an individual.

So — the mail handlers' budget cut rate option for a family of four will just barely squeeze in there. But that has a $600 deductible for prescription drugs, no vision, no hearing. And they can make your clients, when you get to work, pay $4,000 out of their own pockets for the health care services they face.

So what kind of shape are those folks going to be in if they lose their Medicaid and do not have any viable option to replace it?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, 30-second rebuttal.

LOSER Well, again, misrepresenting. There are programs under the federal health system in Iowa for $150. But the point is, this is not a $150 voucher. And I think the people of Iowa ought to understand this.

This is not a $150 voucher. This is a weighted average. What does that mean? That means in some states you'll do it for a $100. In other states, you'll do it $180, $190.

So what we have here is a scare tactic to try to make people say that what I want to do in terms of replacing Medicaid with something better, so that 40 percent of the people who live in poverty in this country who don't have Medicaid or any health insurance, will have some health insurance, will be afraid to make this change. I reject that kind of politics.

WINNER Mr. Ryerson, I want to give to your newspaper a list of all of the health care plans here in Iowa, and you can look at it at your leisure. If any of your reporters want to print it, I certainly hope they will because it shows what I said. There's one budget rate plan for a family of four, but it's inadequate. And all of the others are more than that.

Now, here's the reason I'm bringing this up. The people that you are training yourself to serve are the ones who most need a champion. And a president of the United States — and I think candidates for president, need to be willing to fight for those who most need the help, and the people who are now getting Medicaid. Those who have Alzheimer's. The disabled. Those who are poor. Those who don't have any option. They deserve somebody who's willing to fight for them, not just theorize about them.

MODERATOR Thank you Mr. Vice President. Here's a question from Ken Shy. He's a retired school superintendent from Nevada, Iowa.

"If elected president, what would you do that would result in improved learning for all students in public school classrooms?" Senator.

LOSER Well, first of all what I would do is look at education a little more broadly. I think we should have a strong federal commitment to education. I think it should begin at birth, and extend for lifetime and be available for everyone.

So I think we need a major investment in early education and early child care. I would get kids ready to learn by doubling the slots in Head Start. I would then propose adding 600,000 great new teachers to the public schools of this country over the next decade.

I would increase dramatically the number of after-school programs that are available to children in this country between the hours of 300 and 800, which is when most of the juvenile crime takes place. And I would make a major investment in community colleges across this country for the reasons I stated earlier.

But I think there are other things, too, that are relevant to education. I think that when a child arrives at the first grade and hasn't had any health care and is sick, a good health care insurance is education policy as well.

I think last year, when 800,000 kids took a gun to school, that sensible gun control is good education policy as well.

So, you can look at education in terms of where people live their lives — and that's the way I look at it — or you can look at it as if it's some bureaucratic box that says "education" that's unrelated to everything else we do in our lives. I think it's a different perspective on how we view education in this country. I have the perspective of life, and I think the vice president has a perspective that it's a box called education.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, you're right that I've made it my top priority for investing in the future, and I'm proud to have the support of the Iowa teachers for this plan and for my candidacy.

In fact, I came here to Iowa to begin my issues campaign for the presidency. I went to the alma mater of Leonard and Dottie Boswell, Graceland College at Lamoni, and presented a comprehensive plan for education reform. And here's what it has.

It has a plan to turn around every failing school, a proposal that is not in Senator Bradley's proposal. In fact, this is not the only speech that I've made about it, I've made a number of speeches, and I saw every time it's the top priority.

Going on, it will reduce the size of class size — each class so that teachers have more one-on-one time to spend with their students.

It is designed to provide universal preschool all across the United States for every child and every family all across our nation.

It is designed to put new resources, not just technical assistance for the community college buildings, but new resources in the form of a national tuition savings plan and a 401(j) plan for lifelong learning to pay the tuition for those who want to go to college and their families don't have the income.

And it rebuilds failing schools by making it possible for the communities in Iowa, where you got a 60-percent threshold to pass a new bond issue, to float these bonds for school construction and modernization interest free, which means you'll be able to pass them, the federal government will pick it up.

And finally, I want to connect every classroom and library to the Internet...

MODERATOR OK.

WINNER ... and give the teachers the training they need in the new technologies.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Bradley.

LOSER You know, when I was growing up in that small town in Missouri I went to public school, public grade school, public high school. My mother was a public school teacher, my aunt was a public school teacher. I'm committed to public education.

The most important thing that we can do to improve public education in this country in the next decade is to make sure that there's a great teacher in every classroom.

We have to be focused in order to achieve these things. We can spread our interest over the horizon, but if we're focused we can get a great new teacher in every public school classroom in this country, and that is what's important.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Let me introduce you briefly to a great teacher.

Shawn Grady, would you stand up?

She teaches 29 students in the same class at first grade at Willard School here in Des Moines. She needs some help. And not just talk. She needs new resources to be put into our schools, to build new schools, to hire new teachers. I've proposed a 21st century teacher core with $10,000 hiring bonuses, with higher teacher pay in return for better performance in those areas where teachers are most needed.

MODERATOR We're out of time on this one. Thank you, sir.

Now let's go to our second student. He's Derrick Billand of Ames. He's another Des Moines Area Community College student.

And Derrick, thanks for being with us today. Go ahead with your question, please.

AUDIENCE What would you intend to do about the increase in school violence, particularly the lack of guidance at home for children regarding what they see and hear?

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President?

WINNER Well, you know, the number one cause of this problem is the need for better parenting, and that's not a copout. That's a real issue. And we need to help parents with an increase in the minimum wage, an expansion of the earned income tax credit, more flexibility to balance work and family, and a lot of other measures to help these working families. But now the one thing that all these incidents have in common is that they involve guns. And that's why I've helped to pass the toughest new gun control measure in the last generation. I'm now proposing photo-license IDs for the purchase of a new handgun, a ban on assault weapons and Saturday night specials and so-called junk guns, and a policy of zero tolerance in our schools.

But frankly, I think beyond guns, we also need to ask for more self-restraint in the media.

Because the average child now sees 20,000 murders on television before high school graduation. And I think some children are vulnerable to imitating that behavior. Most are not going to be affected by it, but it's not sensible for us to allow that to continue.

We also need more guidance counselors. More psychologists in the schools. Smaller class size, so that teachers and the principals can do a better job of spotting kids that are headed in the wrong direction.

And then we also need to fight this drug problem and the methamphetamine problem that is so serious here in Iowa and the Midwest.

And finally, we need to give all of our children a feeling that their lives have meaning and purpose, and we need to fill that emptiness so many of them have with love and caring and a commitment to their future.

MODERATOR Thank you. Senator Bradley.

LOSER I've talked to so many young people who ask me the same question, so many parents who live through Columbine and saw it and saw their high school and wondered if that could happen in their community.

I mean, 13 kids were killed at Columbine, but 13 kids are killed every day on the streets in this country; 800,000 kids took a gun to school. So the first step is common sense gun control. And by that I mean registration and licensing of all hand guns in America. If we can do that for automobiles, we ought to be able to do that — we ought to be able to do that for hand guns. I'm the only person who's called for registration and licensing of all hand guns. That takes leadership and that's what a president should provide.

The next thing is, every year in New Jersey I used to have a high school seminar. We discussed different topics. Five hundred kids would come. One year, we had a topic on violence. And I walked into the seminar room and I said to the kids, could you — I'm trying to be provocative — Have you ever seen anybody killed? And two of the kids raised their hands. And I said, Describe it. He described how somebody stepped up next to somebody on the side on the street corner and blew off the back of his head. And he described it in vivid detail. And then he said, You know something, Senator, it was nothing like it looked on TV. In other words, there wasn't a commercial followed by a sitcom. It was a moment of finality.

So we have to hold the media accountable for what they do. And then we have to create some opportunity for kids to believe in something deeper than simply the possession of material things.

Those are three elements to try to deal with your problem. And, of course, parents didn't know that their kids are — should know their kids are not building bombs in the basement as well.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Vice President.

WINNER I said most of what I wanted to say earlier on that.

MODERATOR OK.

WINNER We can go on if you want to.

MODERATOR Senator, anything more on this one?

LOSER Yes. I would say that this is an issue that challenges the very best in us. And there is real fear out there in the country. I mean, I was in a middle school about kids worried about — worried about violence in the middle school escalating to violence in the high school. And I was sitting around a table talking to the people and some counselor — I said, What's the difference between now and 25 years ago? — said, The first difference is that there are not enough adults in these kids' lives. The second difference is the media inundates them with sex without meaning and violence without context and they don't want to hear it.

MODERATOR Time's up...

LOSER We can change that with a new ethic of responsibility.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Here's another question from a reader, Liz Gilbert of Iowa Falls, and here's what she wrote to me. "Regardless of who is president, monied corporate special interests still will lobby for and receive special favors where the so-called little guy is ignored. Why should the average American care what happens in this election?"

Senator Bradley?

LOSER That's a fundamental question for our democracy. One of the reasons that I got into this race was try to restore confidence in the collective will and a belief in public integrity.

I think that the single most important thing is campaign finance reform.

Money distorts the democratic process in a fundamental way. I mean, I was on the Senate Finance Committee for 18 years; I saw what happened. You'd be in a meeting and you would have a big tax bill — hundred billions of dollars at stake. Cell phones, lobbyists, the whole room, lined up outside. Somebody wrote a book about it called "The Shootout at Gucci Gulch." And they'd be getting on the phone, said, I got your thing in the tax code, I got your thing in the tax code, you don't have to pay any taxes. But of course that leaves the rest of us paying more taxes than we should be paying.

Three days later, in the same room, there would be a discussion about child poverty. It would be virtually empty. We'd be talking about tens of millions of dollars. There would be no cell phones and the only noise you would hear would be a murmur of too few people dividing too few money to deal with too big a problem.

The rich in this country should be able to buy as many vacations and homes and cars as they want, but they shouldn't be able to buy our democracy.

And until we have public financing of elections — we spend $900 million on democracy abroad, we ought to be able to spend the same amount of money to totally take the special interests out of democracy at home. And then our government will be returned to the people and this woman will believe once again and trust government to do the right thing most of the time.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, we basically agree on campaign finance reform. We support the same proposals. I feel like we could make the immediate progress that I talked about earlier by getting rid of the majority of the campaign finance that goes into these 30-second TV ads.

But, you know, I support the McCain-Feingold measure. I support full public financing of federal elections. I refuse to accept any PAC contributions. I have the smallest average contributor in the Democratic race.

I called 2 1/2 years ago for both political parties to give up the so-called soft money. And I honestly believe that we ought to try to revolutionize the way we go about our democracy by doing in the rest of the country what we see happening in Iowa and in New Hampshire, where people rely on going into living rooms more frequently. That's been a great experience for me.

Now, the reason I think this question goes beyond campaign finance reform is that I remember when I came back from Vietnam I was so disillusioned with the whole notion of politics and public service. I'd watched my dad be defeated for supporting civil rights so many years ago. I watched Watergate and all of the mistakes that were being foisted on the American people.

And here's — to your questioner, here's what changed my attitude I saw people like many of the ones here in this audience who had a full day of work, and yet they were still willing to roll up their sleeves and go to their town meetings and caucuses. And they were willing to get deeply involved in making democracy work.

MODERATOR Time's up.

WINNER The answer to this question must come in part from the person who asked the question. And a president who leads in that direction can help unlock that potential to rekindle the spirit of America.

MODERATOR Senator, a rebuttal?

LOSER Well, speaking of leadership, I think it's terribly important here. It's leadership on campaign finance reform. Al said he's supported it for 20 years. Well, nothing's happened. He said he supports campaign finance reform. The administration has not introduced one bill on campaign finance reform.

There is a question here — is who's going to mobilize and get this changed? I've put it out there and talked about it in every meeting I go to because I believe the American people have to take over here. I believe the American people, by voting for me to give me the mandate, will overcome the special interests in Washington. And that is the only thing that's going to overcome the special interests in Washington.

MODERATOR Thank you. Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, a president doesn't introduce bills in the House or Senate. We rely on allies like Tom Harkin in the Senate and Leonard Boswell in the House.

And we fought for the McCain-Feingold bill so hard that we got every single Democrat who had stayed and fought for it. And then the Republicans went in lockstep. There were only a few of them who split ranks.

So, that's the reason it didn't pass. Don't blame the Democratic Party for it, because the Democrats were unanimous in supporting it. And if you elect me president I will make it happen.

MODERATOR Here's one more question from a reader, and we won't have time for a rebuttal on this one.

As you know, the U.S. Census Bureau has reported that, for every dollar a man makes a woman makes something like 73 cents. Kathy Neale of Ankany is president of the Business and Professional Women of Iowa. And she asks "As president, what would you do to ensure that working families do not suffer as a result of the gender wage gap?"

Mr. Vice President, you may go first.

WINNER I support an equal day's pay for an equal day's work. I support vigorous enforcement of our laws against discrimination, including affirmative action, which all the Republicans are attacking today.

And, incidentally, remember, they're saying that the next president's likely to appoint three, maybe four justices of the Supreme Court. Not only a woman's right to choose, but a lot of our individual rights and civil rights are going to be at risk if the Republican Party controls the majority on the Supreme Court for the next 30 or 40 years.

So those of you who are thinking about going out to your caucuses, get mobilized and stay mobilized for the general election, no matter which one of us in the nominee. Because this is a big fight about our future.

Now, I feel strongly about this, Mr. Ryerson, because I'm the son of a mother who grew up a poor girl in rural west Tennessee at a time when girls weren't supposed to dream for much.

But she dreamed of a day when women and men would be equal and she worked her way through school, took her blind sister, my aunt Dellie, with her, got a — worked her way through college as well, and got a loan and went to Nashville. Worked as a waitress in an all-night coffee shop and became one of the first women in history to graduate from Vanderbilt Law School.

Believe me, all the years that I was growing up and all the years of my life, I have known that women and men are equal, if not more so. As the father of three daughters and as the husband of Tipper Gore, I guarantee you this is going to be right in the center of my commitment to public service.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley.

LOSER Well, I support an equal day's pay for an equal day's work. I think that it is very important that leadership uses affirmative action to advance, to break through the glass ceilings that are in our country today.

I think that appointments should reflect that you see a world without gender. I think that women in the country today have so much talents burgeoning into the scene in the corporate sector and slowly in government. I think that there's an opportunity to unlock enormous potential in our society, so that we can be as good as we can possibly be.

I also think, though, that you have to help women who maybe are not headed toward the glass ceiling but are struggling to make ends meet every day. And that's where increasing help for the Family and Medical Leave Act is enormously important. That's where increasing child care, the dependent child tax credit is important. That's why increasing the child care block grant is important. That's why increasing the minimum wage important.

And yes, that is why providing affordable, accessible health care to all Americans is important. Because last year one million more people lost their jobs and lost health insurance. Who were the most of those people? Most of those people were women.

So when you talk about health care, you're talking about taking money and putting it on the table for those workers that were on the picket line on Local 147 who need that health care and for the women in this country who, if they don't get it, are going to fall deeper and deeper into poverty.

MODERATOR Thank you. That ends the question portion of this debate, and now we'll go to closing comments. Each of you will have a minute and 45 seconds. We'll begin with the vice president.

Go ahead.

WINNER Well, it's been — I said at the outset, it's an honor to be here and I want to say that it is an honor to be in a race for the Democratic nomination with Bill Bradley. I don't want any of you all to mistake the heated disagreements that we have about issues as disagreements about the character or basic goodness of the individual. I believe Senator Bradley is a good man and I've learned a lot during these debates, and I'm grateful for it.

But I do think we have a different approach, different experiences, a different philosophy of what a president should do. I don't think that the presidency is an academic exercise or a seminar on theories. I think the presidency has to be a day-to-day, resolute fight for the American people.

The presidency, when you think about it, is the only position mentioned in our Constitution where the individual who holds it has a responsibility to fight not just for some special interest or one particular region or the wealthy or the connected. He or she has a responsibility to fight for all of the people.

I want to fight for you and I want to ask you to go to the caucuses on January 24 at seven p.m., and when you do, just imagine what it will be like when we have a nation with high quality health care for all. When we have truly revolutionary improvements in our public schools with the new teachers and smaller class size. When we have a safety net for farmers that works. When we restore a sense of meaning and purpose to the lives of our children. When we are able to provide the kind of model and leadership here in the United States of America that causes other nations all around the world to say, we want the kind of freedom that America stands for.

I want to fight for you and I'd like to close by asking for your support in the Iowa caucuses January 24. Thank you.

MODERATOR Thank you. Senator Bradley.

LOSER This elections not about experience. We both have experience. It's about leadership. It's about presidential leadership.

What leadership is about, I believe, is taking a national problem — health care, education — turning it into a public issue, and then engaging the idealism of the American people in order to make something happen.

That's what FDR did in the 1930s with Social Security. That's what Lyndon Johnson did with civil rights and Medicare in the 1960s. They didn't say, well, we're just going to cover 20 percent of the people and see how it works out. They said, We're going to cover everybody with Social Security, everybody with Medicare. Just like I want to cover everybody with health care. And when they did that, they made us all better off.

And so, bold leadership is important and the absence of bold leadership also has results. For example, let's take agriculture. Al's been hammering me on my agriculture votes 15 years ago. But I would simply ask the family farmers of Iowa today, are you better off than you were seven years ago? Or do we need a change? Do we need to take a step to make things happen?

My father was a small-town banker. I once asked him what was his proudest moment. He said his proudest moment was throughout the Great Depression he never foreclosed on a single home. I was naturally proud of him.

I'm my father's son and as a president of the United States, I will not rest until rural America and urban America move ahead.

I will not rest until we leave no one behind, because only if we leave no one behind can we bring everybody together.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

I'd like to thank both of our candidates for being with us today. Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley. And I'd like to thank you for being with us as well. Next week, we'll be back with the Republicans. Have a great day.

MODERATOR Vice President, Senator Bradley, welcome both.

WINNER Good morning.

LOSER Good to be with you, Tim.

MODERATOR Let's go right to it. Senator Bradley, let me start with you. Health care you have been on the receiving end of Vice President Gore's attacks over the last few weeks, questioning your plan, how to pay for it. Your campaign in New Hampshire responded with a flyer--I'll put it on the screen--which talked about the disease of Gore-itis. The symptoms uncontrollable lying; the medication truth serum; the patient Vice President Al Gore.

Specifically, what has Al Gore said about your health-care plan that is a distortion or a lie?

LOSER Well, first of all, Tim, we apologized for that as soon as it came out. It was unauthorized. I do think that there have been some misrepresentations, one of which relates to the total cost of the program. The program will cost between $55 billion and $65 billion a year. I think that is the most significant change in distortion. I think also frequently when you talk about eliminating a part of the health-care program--for example, Medicaid for the poor--there's an absence of telling the whole story, which is what we replace it with and the elements we replace it with.

What we're trying to do is we look out there and we see a health-care system that is in real distress. We find millions of people with health insurance who don't know if they're going to be able to see a doctor or hospital. You see millions of middle-income people unable to afford health insurance, and you find 44 million people without any health insurance.

MODERATOR Forty-four million without health insurance. How many of those would your plan cover?

LOSER We would cover about 30 million, but we would make access to quality health care and affordable health care available to everyone.

MODERATOR Who would you leave out?

LOSER We would allow every--we'd leave no one out because every person with health insurance would be able to exclude their premium from health insurance. So that applies to everyone. And, plus, there'd be access for everyone, so we'd leave no one out. And I think that the question is Who would you leave out?

MODERATOR Well, Senator Bradley, how long before all 45 million uninsured Americans would have some kind of guaranteed health care?

LOSER Well, we look at the next several years as a way to get to 30 million with access available to all 45 million. And the question really is whether they would choose to do it. We subsidize people up to $50,000 in income for children. We guarantee all children in this country will be covered. It's a default system, and we guarantee that the adults who are under about 17,000 will be fully covered.

MODERATOR Vice President Gore, your plan, as I understand it, would take care of about 12 million of those 45 million people. How long before the 45 million uninsured Americans would have access to health care?

WINNER Tim, both Bill and I have the same goal, to get the universal health insurance. He just told you that his plan leaves out some 14 million and offers them the chance to deduct health-care insurance premiums from their income taxes. But most of the people who don't have health care today don't have premiums to deduct, so they're left out. I think we have to get to universal health insurance, and I think the way to do it is to get there step by step.

MODERATOR How long before you would get there?

WINNER I think we can get there early in the next century. I think that we have to start...

MODERATOR 2020, 2040?

WINNER Oh, I think we can get there before then. But here's the point. We should start by getting every single child in America within the next four years, then all the parents of those children, up to 250 percent of the poverty rate, and then let's have small-business owners have not only a tax deduction, which they have now, but a 25 percent tax credit. They have half of all the uninsured work force. Then give individuals who want to purchase their own health insurance the same 25 percent tax credit, beef up the community health centers, give a prescription drug benefit under Medicare and have long-term care and enact a patients' bill of rights.

Now, here's the point, though. There are 75 million Americans today who get Medicare and Medicaid. They are all left out under Senator Bradley's plan because he eliminates Medicaid and replaces it with little $150-a-month vouchers, which also limits the access...

LOSER That's wrong. That's not correct.

WINNER Let me just finish, if I could.

LOSER It's not a voucher.

WINNER There are seven million disabled Americans who rely on Medicaid, many of them to get out of bed each morning--hold on one second. Half of the people with AIDS and two-thirds of all the seniors in nursing homes rely on Medicaid. He eliminates it, and he doesn't save a penny for Medicare.

MODERATOR Hold on just one second. I'm going to give you a chance, Senator. But, Vice President, I went back and looked at the Clinton-Gore health plan of 1994. And let me show you a description of what that plan did to Medicaid. And I'll put it on the screen for you. "Under Clinton's bill, Medicaid patients would receive the same benefits package as other Americans. That would mean fewer services for some Medicaid beneficiaries who currently receive assistance with transportation, translation, rehabilitation. Overall, spending for Medicaid would be sharply reduced." You propose doing exactly the same thing that...

WINNER No, no.

MODERATOR ...Senator Bradley's discussing now...

WINNER Not at all.

MODERATOR And you're accusing him of destroying Medicaid.

WINNER Not at all, Tim. I've always said it's perfectly fine to eliminate Medicaid if you replace it with something better.

MODERATOR Is he?

WINNER No, he...

LOSER Absolutely.

WINNER ...what he replaces it with is...

LOSER Wrong. That's not right.

WINNER ...proposes to replace it with...

LOSER That's not correct.

WINNER Are vouchers that are limited to $150 a month.

LOSER No.

WINNER And he says buy into the federal employee benefit plan. Ninety-five percent of all the health insurance plans that are part of the Federal Employee Benefit Plan have premiums that are far in excess of $150 a month.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER First of all, it's a particular Washington perspective to say that Medicaid is just fine right now. Medicaid is supposed to cover people who are poor but 40 percent of the people who are in poverty in this country do not have any health insurance. None. Medicaid doesn't cover them. Under our proposal, they would have health insurance. In terms of long-term care, we keep the same amount of money that Medicaid spends on long-term care now. It's the same amount of money that will go to the states; the states will have that same amount of money to spend. So the fact of the matter is that this is incorrect. And the real question is whether you're willing to deal with a big problem, a comprehensive problem in a way that ensures middle-class Americans some health. Al does nothing for middle-class Americans.

WINNER Well, Tim...

LOSER The reality is that millions of middle-class Americans out there are struggling to meet their premium payments. Every year, premiums go up and they have no help. We're going to help the middle-class Americans, in addition to covering people who don't have any health insurance.

WINNER Tim, let me make a point on this. Look, this is Bill Bradley's Web site. You can go to it and check it right now. Here's what it says. "States will assume responsibility for institutional long-term care and assisting low-income elderly." Now...

LOSER Sure, but the money comes from the federal government to the states as it does now with federal nursing home requirements.

WINNER Not in your plan, Bill.

LOSER Absolutely.

MODERATOR Bottom line, Senator Bradley, your plan would deal with all 45 million people who are uninsured either directly or allow them the option of insurance in how short a period?

LOSER Well, they'd be available as soon as the law was passed. It would phased in.

MODERATOR But it's more expensive to do that than Vice President Gore's...

LOSER It is definitely more expensive.

WINNER That's not what his plan does, Tim.

LOSER That's why we have guaranteed coverage of 30 million and he has guaranteed coverage of seven million. A study last week by Harvard and Stanford basically said that.

MODERATOR One of the issues that Vice President Gore...

WINNER Can I tell you something? I disagree with that strongly. Let me just say that independent analysis, including at the Emory School of Public Health, Marty Felstein, have showed that we get just about the same amount of people...

LOSER You're quoting Marty Felstein?

WINNER ...88 percent, 89 percent, the difference is...

LOSER That's incorrect.

WINNER ...that Bill's plan devotes two-thirds of the money to people who already have health insurance. And he hasn't responded to the fact that those who now get Medicaid would be given $150 a month and you cannot buy anything approaching Medicaid benefits--what about the people with AIDS?

LOSER Right now...

WINNER What about those that are disabled?

MODERATOR Is that true, Senator?

LOSER No. First of all, it's not a cap; it's a weighted average. And second, there are now in the federal system 31 plans available for people at that level.

MODERATOR All right. Let me turn to Me...

WINNER Tim, if I--look...

MODERATOR Let me turn to Medicare because it's an important component of this. And, Vice President, you suggested that Senator Bradley is ignoring Medicare. And let me just go through for our viewers and for you the simple facts.

When Social Security began in 1945, there were 42 workers--42 workers--per retiree. There are now 40 million people receiving Social Security and Medicare. In the year 2035 that will double to 80 million people. The two programs Medicare and Social Security costs $600 billion right now. In the year 2035 they are going to cost $5 trillion, 12 times increase.

According to the annual report of the trustees of Social Security and Medicare, this is the secretary of Treasury, the secretary of Labor, secretary of Health and Human Services--they say that in the year 2035, if no structural changes are made in Social Security, we either have to cut benefits one-third or raise taxes up to $9,000 per family, 50 percent increase in the payroll tax in order to pay for Social Security.

Senator Bradley, you were on this program in August. You said you'd have a detailed plan to deal with this issue. Senator Moynihan, your supporter, has come forward with some solutions and said, "Let's not cut benefits by a third. Let's not raise taxes $1 trillion. Let's look at this in this way." Life expectancy--when Social Security began, life expectancy was 65 years old. Right now average American is expected to live 77 years old. In the year 2070, Americans expected to live to 87 years old. Based on that, people can retire at 62 or 65, but should there be a gradual increase of the retirement eligibility age where they would get full benefits? Why? Because if someone retires at 70 in the year 2070, they'd have 17 years of Social Security and Medicare. Would you consider looking at a gradual increase in the retirement age?

LOSER Tim, no, I don't propose that. And I think that if you're going to deal with this issue, first, you've got to start with Social Security as a sacred trust. No one is going to let Social Security go. Fifty percent of the people on Social Security, if they didn't have Social Security, would be in poverty. I believe that the most important thing you can do, first, is you take the Social Security trust fund out of the budget, you put it over on the side. So you set aside $1.9 trillion over the next decade for Social Security. And then what you do is you manage the economy so you have higher levels of economic growth.

The whole thing is premised on growth of about 2.9 percent. If we can grow faster--last quarter was like 5 percent, 5.5 percent--that will be more money coming into the trust fund. And if you're going to ever get to the 75-year number that the trustees say is necessary, the only way that that is going to happen is if you have a leader who is going to be able to push a bipartisan approach to the problem and get people around a table to decide how we're going to get there. That is precisely what happened in 1983. In 1983, we were on the brink of bankruptcy. People said we couldn't possibly save it. And yet we got people around the table, Republicans and Democrats, and came up with a solution that has lasted until 2030, 2035.

MODERATOR Would you consider making the cost-of-living increase more accurate?

LOSER Tim, I'm not going to get into going down the whole list of possibilities. When you're out there, you have a negotiation, and you are trying to get together people so this does not remain a political football.

MODERATOR But something must be done, Vice President--benefits cut by a third, taxes increased by $1 trillion. Would you consider gradually raising the retirement age? Otherwise, in the year 2070 someone can retire at 62 and be on Medicare and Social Security for 25 years. And yet that's OK with you?

WINNER Tim, I strongly oppose raising the retirement age.

MODERATOR Ever?

WINNER Let me tell you

MODERATOR Ever?

VICE PRESS.WINNER Well, in the foreseeable future, ever? I'll say ever, sure. And let me tell you why. You know, your logic is that since life spans are increasing, the retirement age should also increase. But what that misses is that steelworker in Buffalo that you sometimes refer to, who has a hard, physical labor job, and the wear and tear on that person's skeleton and muscles is just the same as when average life spans were shorter. And, you know, Senator Bradley voted in the Senate to consider a measure that would raise the retirement age for both Social Security and Medicare to 70. I'm glad that he's backed off that now because I think the American people are correct in opposing it.

But the fact is we have to make sacrifices. You're right on that point. But in an era of surpluses instead of deficits, here is one way to frame these sacrifices. We have now the largest surpluses in history. I devote $1.8 trillion over the next 10 years to the Social Security Trust Fund and then--because that's the money in Social Security. And then in the year 20--after the year 2010, devote all of the interest saved from paying down the debt to the Social Security Frust Fund. Now, Medicare is a different proposition.

MODERATOR Let me just stay on Social Security.

WINNER OK.

MODERATOR There are five million state and local and government employees who don't pay into Social Security, but they moonlight on the side and have second jobs, low income and get full Social Security benefits. Should they not be brought into the Social Security system...

WINNER No, I disagree with that.

MODERATOR ...like federal workers?

WINNER We already made some changes that limit their eligibility from that moonlighting.

MODERATOR So what I'm hearing this morning is that even though the system is going to have to reduce benefits by a third or raise taxes by a trillion dollars...

WINNER No, I don't...

MODERATOR ...both candidates for the Democratic nomination are saying...

WINNER That's wrong.

MODERATOR ..."We can grow our way out of this."

WINNER That's not what I'm saying.

MODERATOR Surpluses can...

LOSER No, I'm not...

MODERATOR ...pay for Medicade and Social Security.

WINNER That's not what I'm saying, Tim. I'm saying that it's not just the surpluses...

MODERATOR What are the tough choices?

WINNER Well, first of all, it is saying we are not going to succumb to the temptation to spend these surpluses on campaign pledges. George Bush, all the Republican candidates, get rid of the entire surplus in the form of risky tax schemes. Bill, according to the analyses that I've cited, gets rid of it all on a spending plan.

LOSER Which is incorrect. Which is totally incorrect.

WINNER Now...

MODERATOR So, Vice President, no structural changes are needed in Social Security?

WINNER Yes.

MODERATOR What are they?

WINNER Well, first of all, here's--let me repeat...

MODERATOR Your own trustees say this must be done.

WINNER Well, we've made changes. We stepped up to the hard choices when this administration came into office in 1993. We did it again in 1997, where the Medicare program is concerned. And by devoting all of the interest saved on the debt that is eliminated by saying, "Hands off these surpluses over the next 10 years," we are making sacrifices. That means that we can't just spend all the money. That means that we have to have fiscal discipline.

MODERATOR Reality check. Suddenly, there are no surpluses. The economy goes into a downturn. Then what happens to Social Security and Medicare? The benefit levels are the same. You increase taxes. Senator, there are no surpluses. It's not a dream world.

LOSER What happens then, Tim, is that Al's solution is gone, and we're back to what I said, which is you have to have a leader who's going to be able to convene a bipartisan approach to this problem to consider all the possibilities. No one is going to let Medicare or Social Security go bankrupt, you know.

MODERATOR What are all the possibilities?

LOSER Well, all of the things that you mentioned. For example...

MODERATOR Retirement age, taxing Social Security benefits, like other pensions, bringing in state and local workers. Everything's on the table?

LOSER Well, I'm not going to get--I said no on retirement age, but I'm not going to get into all these other issues.

MODERATOR But you act like it's radioactive. We can't possibly talk responsibly about Social Security, Medicare...

LOSER Well, that's wh...

MODERATOR ...because we'll be punished by the unions and the senior citizens.

LOSER No, no, that's partly because...

WINNER That's not in my book.

LOSER ...this has become nothing but a political football since 1983. One party has used it against the other since 1983, and the reality is that the only way this is going to be solved is if you can prevent it from being a political football, like Al's criticism of vote for me to continue discussion on a variety of options at the same time; the administration was considering the same discussion.

WINNER No.

LOSER I mean, you know, if it's OK for the administration to discuss...

WINNER No. Not raising the retirement age.

LOSER Oh, you didn't discuss it in all of your Social Security forums out there?

WINNER Well, I certainly didn't.

LOSER No one ever did, right? No one ever did. Give me a break. Give me a break.

WINNER No, I voted against raising the retirement age.

LOSER But the point is at the same time you criticized me for wanting discussion in the United States Senate on a variety of possibilities, the exact thing Tim is talking about, you are out and your administration is out doing the same thing, doing all the same thing.

WINNER You think we ought to consider raising the retirement age?

LOSER We said no. We said no. I said that. OK?

WINNER OK.

LOSER But the point is the tough choice has to be made.

MODERATOR But, Vice President, if, in fact, the surpluses go away, there's an economic downturn. What possibilities would you consider to save Medicare and Social Security because there's going to be a shortfall?

WINNER Look, more than a dozen times in the history of Social Security, we have had to make changes and put together bipartisan solutions that adjust to the fiscal realities of the time. But, you know, whether we have...

MODERATOR So what's on the table? What's on the table? Be specific.

WINNER Well, whether we have surpluses or not is not a matter to see in the crystal ball. That's determined by the choices that we make today. I'm committing to surpluses. I'm committing to...

MODERATOR You're guaranteeing surpluses as far as the eye can see?

WINNER I'm committing that in every budget that I propose in a Gore presidency, we will pay down the national debt. I think that keeps interest rates lower. I think that it is good for progressive programs. It doesn't transfer all this money to wealthy bondholders. It helps to keep our economy strong. Nobody's repealing the business aisle...

MODERATOR So if there is a war, an oil embargo...

WINNER No, of course not. If there's a national crisis, then...

MODERATOR So you can't guarantee surpluses?

WINNER No. Of course...

MODERATOR And then you...

WINNER And if there's a national crisis, then all bets are off.

MODERATOR And everything's on the sable for Social Security and Medicare?

WINNER Well, I'm not for raising the retirement age, I'll tell you that right now. And I don't...

LOSER And...

WINNER You know, the so-called elite opinion is that it's fine to raise the retirement age. That's a tough choice. Listen, if you've got a waitress carrying trays at the age of 65, if you've got somebody on a jackhammer or if you've got somebody who's a steelworker who is in hard, physical labor, I am not going to tell that person that he or she has to wait another five years to get Medicare and Social Security.

MODERATOR And you will guarantee that they can spend 25 years on Social Security and Medicare if life expectancy's 86?

WINNER I will guarantee that in a Gore presidency, you will have the leadership to solve whatever problem confronts Social Security and Medicare without raising the retirement age.

MODERATOR All right.

LOSER And Al referred to only in emergencies. The reality is--look at what the emergencies the Congress declared last month were. This is ridiculous.

WINNER Oh.

MODERATOR Let me turn to education. Senator Bradley, you supported tuition tax credits. A parent who sends their child to a non-public school could deduct part of the tuition on their income tax form. You supported a experimental program of vouchers throughout the country. As president, would you support tuition tax credits and vouchers?

LOSER The answer is, Tim, that--no. And I will tell you why. I have supported vouchers on an experimental basis on a number of occasions over 18 years. I do not believe that vouchers are the answers to the problems of public education. There are 47 million children in public schools, six million children in private schools, 90 percent capacity. How could 600,000 slots be the answer to the problem of 47 million children in this country? Every time I voted for vouchers, I voted for it as an experimental basis and I also said that I would not take any public money that was set aside for schools. This would be new money in order to do this experiment. So I've said, no, I don't think that we're going to need that. There are experiments out there in the country today and those experiments are in Cleveland and Milwaukee. And, quite frankly, the issue is how do you improve the quality of public education in this country? And if those experiments demonstrated that the quality of public education was improved because of the competition, I think that it would be very difficult to turn your back on that evidence, and I would ask Al because the position that he's had...

MODERATOR When will we know whether those experiments have succeeded?

LOSER Well, I think over the next several years. I mean, it's too early to tell.

MODERATOR But no to tuition tax credits.

LOSER No to tuition tax credits.

MODERATOR Why?

LOSER Because I don't think that tax cuts should be gummed up with a lot of credits. I prefer a tax system with lower rates and fewer loopholes.

MODERATOR Vice President, in the District of Columbia...

LOSER I'd like to flip this to Al because...

WINNER Well, I'd like to comment on the same subject, if I could.

MODERATOR You will. One second. Go ahead, Senator.

LOSER Well, I'd like to ask Al, you know, if the experiments demonstrated that the quality of public education was improved, does that mean that you would not even consider vouchers?

WINNER You know, I favor competition, Bill. I favor competition within the public school system. I favor more choice for parents to send their children to whatever school they want to send them to. But the reason I oppose vouchers, Tim, is because even if you say it's not going to come from public school budgets, it does because history shows, experience shows there's a set amount of money that communities have been willing to spend on education. And if you drain the money away from the public schools for private vouchers, then that hurts the public schools. Now, Bill, every time...

LOSER What does that mean? What does that mean?

WINNER It means that it drain money away from public schools.

LOSER But you're talking about a federal experiment.

WINNER Now, let me--I didn't interrupt you, Bill. Let me just finish now. Every time the Republicans proposed vouchers for 18 years, Senator Bradley supported it. Every time the Republicans proposed vouchers when I was in the Congress, I opposed them. I have said this, and I'll repeat it on this show, that investments in improving education in a revolutionary way represents the single most important priority for our future.

I put forward a $115 billion plan. Senator Bradley has a variety of little nibble-around-the-edges proposals. He doesn't reduce class size. He doesn't improve teacher quality. He doesn't fix crumbling schools. My plan does all of that and provides universal preschool. I think that we have got to bring about revolutionary improvements because we're in an information age, and we have the largest number of students in public schools in our history.

MODERATOR In the District of Columbia where we sit, one out of every three students drop out before they finish high school. A new study done three-fourths of the nation's schoolchildren are unable to compose an organized, coherent essay. All across the country--New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, New Orleans--the Catholic school system, more than half of those students are non-Catholic, most of them black, many of them with a single mom. They have decided the public schools don't work for their kid, and they want to stop the experimentation on their child. And they have chosen to send their kid to a Catholic school, even though they're non-Catholic. And 99 percent of them go on to college. Why don't those poor, minority moms with their kids, who could not possibly deal with the chaos of public school, deserve a break?

WINNER Well, I think they do deserve a break, and that's why I say...

MODERATOR How?

WINNER We've got to have a national commitment to not just nibble around the edges, not just have slow incremental advances, but to have truly revolutionary improvements. That means testing all new teachers. That means getting two million new teachers over the next 10 years. That means rigorous peer review of current teachers and making it easier within due process to fire the ones that are not doing the job. It means closing down failing schools, reopening them under a new plan, new principle, peer evaluation of all the teachers. It means reducing the class size. It means wiring every classroom and library to the Internet. It means training teachers...

MODERATOR But these parents have their child right now. They're not going to wait for your experiments and your improvements.

WINNER We shouldn't wait.

MODERATOR They want...

WINNER I'm not talking about experiments.

MODERATOR They have decided the public schools don't work. They want to send a non-Catholic to a Catholic school. Why not give them a couple hundred bucks to offset the burden of tuition?

WINNER Well, first of all, the flaw with the voucher theory is that the vast majority of those who receive a tiny little down payment on the tuition cannot afford the rest of it. And when you drain that money out of the public school system, it kicks off a downward spiral. For example, George W. Bush says close those schools. Give them a $1,500 voucher, which is half of the average tuition. Most of those kids would then go to the next school district over, further crowding those classrooms, further overburdening those teachers.

We have to have a president who will say to this country, "This is our number one investment in the future." We rank 18th out of 18 nations surveyed in 12th-grade math, Tim. We now have 60 percent of the businesses in America with good paying jobs they cannot fill 'cause they can't find enough people with the education.

LOSER Tim...

MODERATOR OK. I'll give you the last word on education.

LOSER Yes, Tim. I don't think that anyone should question my commitment to public education. I also don't think they should question what I've proposed. I believe that there should be a strong federal commitment to education. Everything that we've learned about how children learn--they learn a lot in the first two to three years in life. Early child care is tremendously important. I've proposed a specific program for early child care. I proposed doubling the number of people in Head Start. When you get to the elementary and secondary school level, the single most important thing that the national government could do is to make sure there's a good teacher in every classroom--every classroom--in this country. I have proposed a way to get 600,000 teachers into classrooms of public schools over the next 10 years.

And then since the federal commitment should be from birth, include everyone and go through all life stages, I make a strong commitment to community colleges in this country because that's where the kids go first to college and to a two-year, then to a four-year college. And that's where lifetime learning takes place. So the commitment, in my view, has to be in the places where people live their lives.

I think the differences Al proposes in education program, many of the things that, you know, I don't have a problem with, but it comes from Washington as an education program as opposed to helping people where they live their lives. If you are that young mother you were talking about, and you need to get just a little skill, and you don't have any way to get that skill, well, you could go to a community college, but then there's nobody to look after your children. You have to have somebody to look after your children, so you go to a community college. That's education help where people are living their lives.

I also think that the teacher shortage in this country is going to be dramatic over the next decade; 2.2 million teachers will retire over the next decade. That's why the single most important thing that the national government can do is to make sure that there's a good teacher in every classroom in this country.

WINNER But...

MODERATOR But we have to take a quick break. A lot more with Al Gore, Bill Bradley right after this. Our debate continues.

[Announcements]

MODERATOR We're back. Vice president, let me turn to campaign finance reform.

WINNER Yeah.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley proposed earlier this summer that he would not accept soft money if the Republican candidate would not accept soft money. Let me show you what your campaign manager said about him back then and get your reaction.

"In election after election, Bill Bradley took money from the Democratic Party. Now, he would leave the party and every Democratic candidate, from school board to U.S. senator, to fend for themselves while George W. Bush and the Republican money machine tried to buy the election."

Is that accurate?

WINNER That's--that was in reference to a proposed--what he thought was a proposal to have unilateral refusal to do soft money. You know, two and a half years ago, Tim, I made the same proposal that we ought to completely give up soft money if the Republican Party would do the same thing. I said then, and Tony said later, that it shouldn't be unilateral. Subsequently--now maybe it was just a clarification--but Bill said the same thing. Look, I...

MODERATOR Is that accurate, Senator?

LOSER No, I took the position last summer in a speech that I made--I asked the vice president to join me. He did not join me. There was no acceptance of the challenge I offered him. The day after I made the speech John McCain...

MODERATOR But your proposal is only if the Republicans agree. It's not unilateral?

LOSER I have not ruled out the possibility of unilateral.

WINNER Well...

LOSER However, if you look at the Republican money machine, it would be very difficult to do so.

MODERATOR ...let me...

WINNER I don't think it should be unilateral. That's the only point that was being made. I have exactly the same position. I will refuse to accept soft money if the Republican nominee does. If John McCain becomes the Republican nominee, then whichever one of us wins, there won't be soft money in this race. Now, beyond that, 20 years ago, I proposed and co-sponsored public financing for congressional elections. I have sponsored or co-sponsored more than a dozen major bills on campaign finance reform over 20 years.

I refuse to accept any PAC money. I strictly abide by the thousand dollar limit. I have the smallest average contributor in this race. But, you know, we can go further than this, Tim. I would like to make a proposal on your show today and, you know, we don't have to wait for the Republican nominee to be picked, Bill. I'll make you this offer right now. If you will agree, I will stop running all television and radio commercials until this nomination is decided. That can get a lot of the money out of the presidential campaign and accomplish one of the best reforms. What about it?

LOSER It sounds to me like you're having trouble raising money. I mean...

WINNER No, as a matter of fact, I'm not.

LOSER I mean, this is a ridiculous proposal. You know, the way you communicate with people is when you talk to them. See, I love to talk to them in town meetings. That's my favorite place. I've been doing that since January. But I also love to talk to them over television in their living rooms.

WINNER OK. Here's the second part of the proposal.

LOSER I love to talk to them about what I want to do with the country, who I am, where I'm from, what I believe and where I want to take the country.

WINNER In 30-second commercials?

LOSER Absolutely.

WINNER Well, look, here's my proposal, Bill.

LOSER And the point is, that's not so difficult to do if you know what you believe, and if you know where you want to take the country, if you have a positive vision, if you're involved only in trying to go against someone, trying to hammer someone about this is wrong, that's wrong...

WINNER Well, I haven't...

LOSER ...whether it's my health-care plan or what then you only have a negative message.

WINNER Well, hold on a second here.

LOSER I'm talking about positive messages...

WINNER Yeah.

LOSER ...to talk to people about where the country should go.

WINNER Well, you know, I haven't had to apologize yet.

LOSER I know you haven't.

WINNER I accept your apology for...

LOSER You haven't apologized.

WINNER Nor have you called upon me to...

LOSER I call upon you now to apologize.

WINNER ...because I haven't given you to cause to. But at the beginning of the show...

LOSER Do you apologize?

WINNER No, I don't...

LOSER OK. Well, there it is. There it is.

WINNER ...because I have never launched a personal negative attack and I never will. And I accept your apology at the beginning of the show. But here's my proposal. Let's debate twice a week from now until the nomination is decided and just go face to face about the issues and get rid of all these television and radio commercials. Why not do that?

LOSER You know something, for 10 months that I was running for president, you ignored me. You pretended I didn't exist. Suddenly I start to do better, and you want to debate every day. It's ridiculous. We're having debates. We had a debate the other night in New Hampshire. We're on MEET THE PRESS today. We're going to be in Iowa and New Hampshire the first week of January. The point is, Al--and I don't know if you get this--but a political campaign is not just a performance for people, which is what this is. But it is, rather, a dialogue...

WINNER That's not what I'm doing.

LOSER ...with people, Al. It's a dialogue with people where you listen to their stories, where you listen to what they have to say about their county's future, where you seek to engage them and convince them that the directions that you want to take the country is the right way. That's what a campaign's about.

WINNER Look, we could call this the MEET THE PRESS agreement. We could have two debates every single week and get rid of all of the television and radio commercials. I'm willing to do it right now if you'll shake on it.

LOSER Al, that's good. I like that hand. But the answer's no. I mean, why should I agree no? I'm not someone who's interested in tactics, Al. I'm interested in the...

WINNER Debates aren't tactics. It's how we discuss issues.

LOSER ...direction that this country's taking.

MODERATOR Let me turn...

LOSER The direction the country goes.

MODERATOR Let me go back to campaign finance reform, because, Vice...

LOSER And that was a very interesting ploy on MEET THE PRESS.

WINNER Look, I'm ready to agree right now.

LOSER It was nothing but a ploy.

WINNER Debates aren't ploys.

LOSER No, to come here, shake my hand, that's nothing but a ploy.

MODERATOR Let me...

WINNER I mean, if we debate twice a week, the American people are going to find out a lot more about what we believe and what we're proposing. Look, this is a serious proposition, Tim. I'm ready to agree right here. These 30-second commercials are a part of what's wrong with American politics. You have these little attack ads, you have these little fuzzy images.

LOSER Will you commit not to run any negative ads?

WINNER Absolutely. I will never run a personal negative attack against you.

LOSER No, no, will you attack--no attack ads.

WINNER Absolutely.

MODERATOR Vice President, as you know, the Clinton-Gore campaign spent $40 million in soft money in 1996, $15 million of it on negative attack ads against Bob Dole and Newt Gingrich. Because of the fund-raising irregularities in raising that soft money, 22 people have been indicted, 12 have been convicted, 70 witnesses took the Fifth Amendment, 18 witnesses left the country, 23 foreign witnesses refused to be interviewed. John McCain, on Thursday, was with Senator Bradley and focused on you. Let me show you that and give you a chance to respond

SENATOR JOHN McCAIN (Republican, Arizona; Presidential Contender) The scandal was at the basement of the institutions of government by the Clinton-Gore campaign. The president of the United States rented out the Lincoln Bedroom, treated it like Motel 6 and he was the bellhop. The vice president of the United States had monks pay thousands of dollars and violate their vows of poverty so they could spiritually commune with him.

The vice president of the United States said there was no controlling legal authority. When I'm president, there will be a controlling legal authority.

MODERATOR Are you vulnerable to the Republicans on this issue?

WINNER You know what John McCain left out is that when the McCain-Feingold measure was put before the United States Senate, every single Democratic senator voted for it. All but less than a half dozen of the Republican senators voted against it. I have strongly supported the McCain-Feingold measure. John hasn't been able to convince his colleagues to support it in the Republican cloakroom. The question is not whether we've made mistakes. Everybody who has been a part of this system has made mistakes.

MODERATOR Will you admit that in 1996 the Clinton-Gore campaign fund-raising apparatus was overly aggressive, perhaps unethical?

WINNER I'm not going to use those words. I think that, obviously, we would do things differently if we had to do over again. The point is, do you learn from mistakes? And I certainly have. I strongly support...

MODERATOR What was the biggest mistake that was made? If you learned from it?

WINNER Oh, you know, I think pushing the limits. All this was reviewed, and no charges were brought, but I think that it was a mistake, nonetheless, and I have said that we have got to have campaign finance reform as a top priority. I have fought for it for 20 years. I think that it's--I think the next president has to make it happen, and I promise you, if you entrust me with the presidency, I will make meaningful, sweeping campaign finance reform happen, including requiring broadcasters to give free time for the discussion of issues in election years as a condition of using the public airwaves, including a ban on soft money, including a ban on PACs, including the strict limits on contributions.

MODERATOR Senator, what did you think of the 1996 Clinton-Gore campaign's approach to fund- raising?

LOSER I thought that a lot of people in politics were embarrassed by it, quite frankly. I think Republicans and Democrats were disgraceful in that fund-raising program in 1996. Now, I think Al had the right point. It's the lessons that you learn. In 1990, I raised a lot of money for my Senate race. I raised too much money. I discovered that you can have too much money in a political campaign. I think that's what George Bush is going to discover.

Now, in Al's case, the attorney general investigated it fully and determined that an independent counsel was not needed. And so--and the Republicans might make that an issue, but that's the reality. But I think the question is what you learn from this. And what I learned is that you've had seven years to actually do something on campaign-finance reform, and nothing has happened. I remember visiting the White House in 1993, Democratic Congress, both Senate and House, and urging the president to act on campaign-finance reform. Now, I don't know if you were in the loop or not, but the fact of the matter is that no action took place. And when we say what we...

WINNER Because all the Republicans voted against it.

LOSER ...what we need to do...

WINNER And they controlled the Senate.

LOSER ...what we--where was the effort made, Al, in 1993?

WINNER We got every single Democratic senator to vote for it.

LOSER Now, the point here is that What do we do going forward, and how do we make this happen? Because politicians in Washington can talk back and forth about this forever and sound pretty good, but how do we make it happen? That's why in this campaign, in every stop that I make-- practically every stop I make, I talk about campaign finance reform, I talk about the abolition of soft money, public financing of elections, free television time. And I do that for a very specific purpose, Tim.

I do that because I believe that the people have something to say about this. I don't believe this is just Washington. And if the people understand they're paying higher taxes because of the way we finance political campaigns--little loopholes going through the tax code; that means that certain people pay less tax, the rest of us pay more.

WINNER Tim...

MODERATOR All right, all right.

LOSER If the people understand it--let me finish. Let me finish.

WINNER ...can I make one other point on this?

MODERATOR Go ahead.

LOSER If the people understand that, then the people have given you a mandate, and that mandate overcomes the opposition of Washington special interests.

WINNER I want to make one other point on this. I have fought for this for 20 years. Bill went 17 years in the United States Senate before he ever sponsored a campaign-finance reform bill. Only after announcing his retirement and heading out to run for president did he sponsor a bill on this issue. I started talking about this and arguing for this more than 20 years ago.

We got every single Democratic senator to support sweeping campaign-finance reform. The Republicans defeated it. Now, all of us have made mistakes. Bill was cited by a New Jersey newspaper for what they said in their editorial were nauseating excesses on this. He has the largest average contribution in this Democratic race. He has all of the CEOs of the major pharmaceutical companies supporting him. I mean, look, the way to stop this...

LOSER All right. Let's take this pharmaceutical question head on.

WINNER Now, wait a minute. The way to stop this...

LOSER Let's take it head on.

WINNER I want to finish, Bill. I didn't interrupt you. The way to stop this--let me repeat-- is to take the single biggest expense--more than half of all the money that is raised and spent goes to these little 30-second television and radio ads. I'm willing to stop them entirely right now. You have rejected that.

MODERATOR Let me move to...

LOSER I heard that. I heard that before.

MODERATOR Let me move to...

LOSER I heard that before.

MODERATOR ...another issue. You mentioned mistakes, Vice President. One year ago today William Jefferson Clinton was impeached. The Washington Post reported yesterday that Bill and Hillary Clinton may ask the United States government taxpayers to reimburse $5 million in legal expenses. Is that appropriate?

WINNER I think they denied that. I think they denied that they were making such a request.

MODERATOR So it should not happen?

WINNER Well, I have no idea.

MODERATOR Do you believe the taxpayers should pay for the legal defense of Bill and Hillary Clinton?

WINNER Well, look, they've denied that they're even asking so it's not a--you know, as that article says, under the law they have the right to do it. Would I do it in that position? No, I would not.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley?

LOSER You know, we went through a lot over the last year with impeachment, and while I don't think that what the president did reached the level of impeachment, anytime a president lies to the people, he squanders the people's trust and undermines his own authority. And this was a sad time for our country and I don't think that the taxpayers should pay for the consequences of that act.

MODERATOR On impeachment day, Vice President, you said that "Bill Clinton will be regarded in history books as one of our greatest presidents." Who else do you believe should be considered our greatest president?

WINNER Oh. Well, we all know who are greatest presidents are from Washington and Jefferson to Lincoln and Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman and John Kennedy and all of the others.

MODERATOR So you put Bill Clinton in the same company as Washington and Lincoln?

WINNER Listen, I think...

MODERATOR No, it's a very serious question.

WINNER No, of course not. Of course not. But I think that his accomplishments are going to be regarded by the history books as far more significant than his personal mistakes. And let me just review some of them for you. We've gone from the largest deficits to the largest surpluses. Instead of quadrupling the debt, we've paid down the debt and tripled the stock market. Instead of high unemployment, there's low unemployment. And within a month, Tim, within six weeks, we're going to have the longest and strongest economic expansion in the entire history of the United States of America. The crime rate has gone down seven years in a row. The welfare rolls have gone down by more than ever in history. Wages and real incomes are up. The wage gap has narrowed. You know, there's some people--let me just conclude...

MODERATOR So this makes--you used the word greatest. You stand by that?

WINNER Let me just conclude. I do. And I know that you and some others may believe that when the historians many years from now look back on this period that all of that will be eclipsed by the president's personal mistake. Maybe you're right. None of us has a crystal ball, but I doubt it.

MODERATOR I make no judgments. Senator Bradley, do you believe that Bill Clinton is one of the greatest presidents?

LOSER Personally I'd pick Lincoln, F.D.R., Washington, Jefferson.

MODERATOR Let me turn...

LOSER And I would pick, say, Lincoln and F.D.R., not only because of what they did for the country at times of great crisis but because they also embodied the country of their period. For example, every time Lincoln went to have breakfast--his wife's sister was married to a Confederate officer, and when he was killed, she came to the White House. So he confronted the Civil War every day. It gave him a deeper sense of our reality.

MODERATOR Let's me go to one foreign policy issue, in 1991 the Persian Gulf War. This is what Bill Bradley said as he voted no, not to support the war. "The Persian Gulf War is likely to become a `bloody and long' battle that could take up to six months and could destabilize the Middle East for decades to come, Senator Bradley said." The ground war, as you know, lasted 100 hours.

LOSER Right.

MODERATOR Was that a fundamental misjudgment on your part?

LOSER Tim, I made the call as I saw it at the time. I was not against the use of force. The question was whether we should use force at that time or continue sanctions. I voted to continue sanctions. And my sense is if they hadn't worked, there would have been a vote before us later and I would have voted for it.

WINNER Was it a mistake?

LOSER I think that--my judgment is that it turned out--that it worked well, but I made the call and I'll stand by that call.

MODERATOR Vice president, one year ago Saddam Hussein threw out all the inspectors who could find his chemical or nuclear capability--one year. He now said just yesterday, "You're not coming back." When is the administration going to get in there and start inspecting? And, two, do you believe that over the last year, without inspections, Saddam has developed and improved his nuclear and chemical capability?

WINNER Well, we're going to prevent him from acquiring weapons of mass destruction with the sanctions, which will remain in place, with the measures to prevent the flows of technology into Iraq. And let me just say, Tim, that I want to see him removed from power, but if Bill's vote had prevailed in the Senate, he would still be in Kuwait. Bill opposed going into the Persian Gulf War. He opposed our participation in Bosnia, our participation...

LOSER I didn't...

WINNER ...in Kosovo.

LOSER I didn't oppose our participation in Bosnia.

WINNER He opposed the expansion--opposed the...

LOSER There was a vote on the Senate floor.

MODERATOR Let me just stay on this sub--no inspectors for the last year. Are you concerned he's had a free year to develop his nuclear and chemical capability? And how can you assure the American people he hasn't taken advantage of a year without inspectors?

WINNER Well, we have the sanctions in place, Tim. We would like to--we just won a vote in the United Nations two days ago to reaffirm the world community's insistence that he abide by the U.N. resolutions and to get inspectors back in there.

MODERATOR He has said no.

WINNER He's rejected.

LOSER The fact of the matter...

WINNER I understand. But we're going to insist upon stopping the flows of technology.

MODERATOR Will you force inspectors back in there?

WINNER Well, you know, there is no way to--absent his agreement, we have to rely on other measures. We're enforcing the no-fly zone. We're enforcing all the sanctions. There has been more military action taken from the air against Iraq in the last couple of years than there was during the period of the war.

MODERATOR Senator, would you force Saddam Hussein to let the inspectors in with the threat of military force?

LOSER Well, I guarantee one thing I wouldn't do. I look at the U.N. resolution that just passed, I think the only reason the Security Council should have acted would be to tighten sanctions. And what this did was loosen them up, putting in not the old inspection group, but a new inspection group controlled and affected by different countries. I happen to think that it's a very serious mistake. We should not have gone in that direction.

MODERATOR Will you threaten military force to get the inspectors back in?

LOSER I would reserve the right to do that, of course. The question is--you'd have to read the intelligence report. You' have to read where we were at a particular time. You don't commit in a political campaign you're going to use force until you're able to see what the situation is on the ground.

MODERATOR We have to take another quick break. We'll be right back with more of Al Gore and Bill Bradley right after this.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, absent your marriage to Ernestine, the birth of your child and grandchild, what's the most defining moment of your life?

LOSER I think the most defining moment in my life was when I made a decision to leave a small town in Missouri and come East and go to school at Princeton. I mean, that was what changed my life.

MODERATOR Vice President Gore?

WINNER My decision to go into the U.S. Army and serve in Vietnam.

MODERATOR If you could put two things in a time capsule which best represent this American century, what would they be?

WINNER Franklin Roosevelt's speech that included the phrase "We have nothing to fear but fear itself" and the signing of the Social Security Act.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley?

LOSER I would say the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that opened up our system and allowed us to take a step forward of our collective humanity and the passage of Medicare.

MODERATOR We now have asked each of the candidates to talk directly to the voters and the viewers. Senator Bradley, you have 45 seconds.

LOSER I think that we offer different styles of leadership. I think that's what the people have to choose. When I was in the United States Senate, I'd take big, complicated issues like taxes, international trade and put a structure of reform around those and push that reform. I would take issues that were considered volatile like race and try to play to our better angels. And each time I did that, someone would come to me and say, "You know, that's a political risk." And I said, "Yes, but that is the risk of leadership." In this campaign I think that we see that I would try to do bold things again in terms of the toughest gun control proposal that any candidate has offered, in terms of making health care, quality health care, access to it, available to all Americans.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, thank you. Vice President Gore.

WINNER I think one of the issues that has emerged in this presidential campaign in both parties is Who has the experience to keep our economic prosperity going, to make the big decisions on the budget and economic policy correctly? Secondly, you know, the American people need and deserve somebody in the White House who is willing to fight for you. For 23 years I have been a fighter for working men and women. I'm not afraid to take on special interests. I stand on principle. I believe that we can make this country a better place. There's only one position in the Constitution where the individual has a responsibility to fight for all the people, and that's president of the United States. I ask for your vote and your support to fight for you as president.

MODERATOR Vice President Gore, Senator Bradley, Merry Christmas to both you and your families.

WINNER Happy holidays.

LOSER Merry Christmas.

MODERATOR Be safe on the campaign trail, and we hope you'll come back.

WINNER Thank you.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR And if you'd like to see this debate again, it will re-air in its entirety this afternoon at 400 Eastern on MSNBC and tonight at 6 and 10 PM on CNBC. That's 400 on MSNBC this afternoon and 6 PM and 10 PM tonight on CNBC.

Start your day tomorrow on "Today" with Katie and Matt. Then the "NBC Nightly News" with Tom Brokaw. That's all for today. We'll be back next week. If it's Sunday, it's MEET THE PRESS. Merry Christmas and happy holidays.


MODERATOR The ground rules are either so tightly drawn that you've eliminated any hope of one candidate laying a glove on another, or there are time limits which guarantee that every answer has been prechewed to fit into a 30-, 60-or 90-second capsule.

The candidate who's behind is always interested in talking — debate, town meeting — it doesn't really matter. Anything could help. The candidate who's ahead always wants to stay above the fray. If you've got a good lead, after all, why take chances?

That's why tonight's town meeting, here at Daniel Webster College, promises to be such an unusual event. Ninety minutes with time out for commercial breaks — yes, commercial breaks. I said this would be unusual, not miraculous. [laughter]

But still, a lot of time. And beyond the fact that I've asked both candidates to remain seated, no ground rules beyond my promise to try to keep the event brisk, informative and fair.

Al Gore and Bill Bradley are both experienced and confident campaigners. That's one reason they've agreed to such an open forum. But if you look at these numbers from our latest ABC News/"Washington Post" poll, you'll see another reason. Nationally — those are the numbers on the far right of your screen — the vice president is still comfortably ahead of Senator Bradley, 48 percent to 31 percent.

But here, in New Hampshire, it's a statistical dead heat. Bradley's ahead 48 percent to 45 percent. But there's a 3.5 margin of error, which means they're essentially tied.

Each man has as much to gain or lose from tonight's town meeting as the other. As I said at the outset, this sort of thing doesn't happen often these days.

MODERATOR So let's get on with it.

Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce tonight's two participants. First, Senator Bill Bradley. 

Senator.

And the vice president of the United States, Al Gore. 

WINNER Thank you very much. Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator.

I have a question for both of you that is sparked, in fact, by your kiss to your lovely wife over there. And I assume a kiss going to your lovely wife over there.

What kind of a — looking back now, on what we have learned over the past seven years, what kind of a first lady is Tipper Gore going to be if you're elected?

WINNER That's a lovely question.

MODERATOR And I don't mean good or bad. I mean, substantively what kind of a first lady?

WINNER Well, we're not getting ahead of ourselves. I'll tell you this, that Tipper will do fantastic at anything that she undertakes. And I think both Bill and I are blessed with partners in life who are supportive of us and accomplished in their own rights.

Tipper has really worked on the issue of mental health care.

She organized and chaired the first ever White House conference on mental health care. She has a graduate degree in psychology, and has a continuing passion about trying to bring parity in the treatment of mental illnesses, as compared to other kinds of illnesses. And I share that.

The other issue that she spends a lot of time on, is the plight of the homeless. She goes out on a van, and searches out the homeless under bridges and in streets, in alley ways, and gets them in for health care, and tries to get them into residential living.

MODERATOR So, active on a social level?

WINNER She's going to be active on those issues, regardless of what happens in this campaign. And I feel very blessed, obviously. And I appreciate the question.

MODERATOR Seven years ago, Senator Bradley, then-candidate Bill Clinton was telling the American public that they were going to get two for the price of one. What about in your case?

LOSER I think that any time you have a president and a first lady, you get two for the price of one. I don't think that that was unusual.

I think in this case, people will find Ernestine to be a unique human being. She would be the first immigrant first lady in history, having been born in Germany. She is a scholar. She has been a professor for 30 years. She's not been active in politics, except very active in my campaigns. When we used to get letters from people, or requests, I'd come and then she'd come, and they'd say, "Please, if we have a choice, send her instead of you." [laughter]

And that's the kind of person she is. She's real. She's dynamic. And she will chart her own way as first lady and will not be like any other first lady. It will be her way. And I think it will come out of her own depth of convictions.

And, as a scholar, she has just finished publishing her last book, which is called "The Language of Silence", which is a book about how Western literature did or did not come to terms with the Holocaust. And I watched her live with that subject for a lifetime and struggle with it as an academic for 10 years. And I'm very proud of her and what she's done.

MODERATOR All right. So much for softball questions from me. Now let's go to the audience. The first question over there, gentleman.

AUDIENCE My name is Paul Eberhart. My question is, why would anyone run for high office when they know the media is going to be rummaging around in their personal lives looking for some type of human foibles?

What does the public have a right to know about a candidate's life? And what's out of bounds?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, why don't you take the first crack at this one and then Mr. Gore?

LOSER Why would anyone run for president in a world where there's this kind of invasion of privacy? I think there's only one reason to run for president and that's because you think your leadership will improve the quality of life for millions of Americans.

I think the reason you run for president because there's just certain things that you want to get done. In my case, what I want to get done is increase the number of Americans with health insurance in this country. I want to reduce the number of children in poverty. I want to get campaign finance reform. I want to make sure we keep our economy moving forward in the way that not only creates wealth, but brings working families to higher economic ground.

And I want to promote racial unity. That's why I'm doing this.

And I care deeply enough about those issues that you're willing to put up with whatever comes down the road. And there is no way to know, there's no way to know where the line'll be drawn. I think each politician has to draw that. The press is going to ask its question, going to make its explorations, but ultimately the politician has to drawn the line  on a case-by-case basis.

MODERATOR Intrusions into privacy from the media, Mr. Vice President.

WINNER Well, whatever you undertake, Ted, there are going to be challenges. There — you know, you're going to have to weigh whether or not — I mean, if you — if you want to expand a business, if you — and borrow money and hire new people you're taking a tremendous risk. Why would you do that? Why would you put your finances in such jeopardy? And the answer in that case would be you think that the benefits outweigh the risk and that the reason for doing it outweighs what you're, you know, putting up with.

In my case, I want to run for president, and I am running for president, because I want to fight for you and I want to fight for a better way of life in this country.

I think we're at a time now where the choices we make are extremely important. We can keep our prosperity going — and I think one of the issues is who has the experience to keep our economy going strongly and avoid a big mistake that might put it at risk.

I want to bring about revolutionary improvements in our public schools. I want to have universal health insurance in a step-by-step way that starts with health insurance for every child in America.

I want to clean up the environment. I want to see our nation take the lead in addressing the global environmental problems.

I want to — I also want campaign finance reform. I've advocated it for 20 years. I want to get guns out of the hands of people who — who shouldn't have them. I want to ban assault weapons, and the junk guns, and Saturday night specials, and require a photo ID license for the purchase of a gun and take other steps to reduce the crime rate and deal with the problems of school violence.

And I want to lead to bring our people together and to make our country a light unto the nations, in the time-honored phrase, to show the rest of the world what humankind is possible — that it's capable of becoming.

They look to us for leadership, and I think it's up to us to provide that leadership, first and foremost, by doing the right thing here at home — ending discrimination and really solving the problems that we have.

MODERATOR I let them both go because I wanted you to see how skillful they are at beginning with your question and ending up on what they want to talk about. So you're going to have to be awfully good about framing these questions very narrowly.

Go ahead. Let's see if you can do it.

AUDIENCE Hello, my name is Susan Chadwick. As you know, the press has had allegations of possible marijuana use in present — in both of the last two presidential campaigns. And the issue this year of George W. Bush's possible past drug use has been hinted at by the popular press. And I recall in 1988 that then-Senator Gore admitted to marijuana use while in Vietnam.

How much of a factor, gentlemen, if one at all, do you believe the long-past drug use of any candidate should be?

MODERATOR And if I may, gentlemen, if you could go for short answers here because we've got to get to another quick commercial break.

After the midnight hour...

WINNER You'll probably get short answers on that one.

MODERATOR Well, go ahead. [laughter] See how you can do.

WINNER I think each candidate has to decide for himself how to respond to something like that. I've been open about it, I've responded fully to it. I'll let Governor Bush decide for himself how to respond on that.

MODERATOR Senator?

LOSER I think the public has a right to know from a crook, but not a sinner. And I think in terms of a crook, the question, "Did you break the law smoking marijuana?" You break the law. I admitted that I have smoked marijuana, as the vice president has. And I don't think that, quite frankly, it's an issue if it occurs 30 years ago, 25 years ago.

I think that people have a deeper understanding of the human condition, of the nuances of life. I'm not — I don't think that this is a determinative issue. And I think, as Al said, every candidate has to decide how he or she is going to answer that question.

MODERATOR And on that note of tolerance, we're going to take a short break and we'll be right back. 

[television break]

MODERATOR And we're back once again from Daniel Webster College in Nashua, New Hampshire with Senator Bill Bradley, Vice President Al Gore. And we have a question over here. Where are you? There you are.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name is Hillary Naither. A lot of recent media coverage has been centered on the release of the Columbine High School videotapes. After such a tragic event, how do you propose that society address this problem of hate crimes and violence in schools?

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President?

WINNER I think all of us have done a lot of soul searching about that. First of all, I am not sure that particular release was handled well, because I don't think it was sensitive to the feelings of the families out there. Tipper and I went out the Sunday after that tragedy to meet with them and to address a memorial service, and I know that pain won't subside for a long, long time.

I think one of the brightest signs of hope in the aftermath of that tragedy was that our country didn't settle on a single magic solution. There was an appreciation of the fact that there were a lot of things involved.

We need to get rid of the guns, get them out of the hands of the people who shouldn't have them. We should have a policy of zero tolerance in schools.

I think we need better parenting. And I don't think that's a cop-out, I think we need to focus on the policies that make it easier for parents to balance work and family, and take more time off to be with their children, to have more attention to their needs.

I think, also, we need more self-restraint in the media. You know, 20,000 murders viewed by the average child by the time of high school graduation is just ridiculous. You saw in those videotapes how some of the — how the two perpetrators of that violence made reference to a particular violent video game and made other references to popular culture.

That's not to blame popular culture. But I think that some kids are vulnerable to having seeds planted that bear a bitter fruit. I think we need more psychologists and guidance counselors, more help for schools to take the steps that they think will be most effective in their school districts.

And finally, I think we also need to address the deeper problems of giving kids a sense that their lives have meaning and purpose, and that means committing ourselves to their future, modernizing their schools, reducing the size of the classrooms. Things that may not seem directly related to school violence, but when we — when we demonstrate our all-out commitment to the well-being and future of these kids, I think that speaks volumes to them about what their purpose in life is and their duty to do the right thing.

And I think all of us have to try to provide a good, solid example for them.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley?

LOSER I think that the first thing that we need — and this is not in order of priority — the first thing we need is common-sense gun control in this country that keeps guns out of the hands of children.

I'm the only candidate in this race who's called for mandatory licensing and registration of all handguns in this country. I would like to take all gun dealers out of residential neighborhoods, so that if kids walk down the block, they can't get the gun in a basement that they have to go to a commercial place at least where they can be better policed.

I'd like to see that we have trigger locks on guns. I'd like to see that we have — all gun shows have background checks. So I think fundamental common-sense gun control that makes it more difficult for children to get access to guns is the first thing.

Second, I think that the media has a responsibility, Ted.

And I'll tell you a story. I — for 18 years, I ran high school seminars in New Jersey. And we would, that day, have high school students come from all over the state — and over a three-day period, about 500. They'd be the senator that day. And we discussed various things — you know, America's role in the world, the environment.

And one year, we were discussing the issue of violence. We broke them up into discussion groups. And I walked into one discussion group. And I was trying to be provocative, and so I said, "How many of you in here have ever seen anybody killed?" And two kids raised their hands. I said, "Would you describe this — what you saw — for the group?"

And the kid went on to describe what it was like to see somebody come up behind another person on a street corner and blow the back of their head off. And he described it in vivid detail. And then he said, "And you know, Senator, it was nothing like it looked on TV." In other words, there wasn't a commercial and we move on to the sitcom. There was a finality about it.

And I believe that the media has some responsibility. When I look at — whether it's gun dealers or tobacco companies, or large media enterprises, I think they have to be careful about putting their own personal financial interests ahead of all of us. And there needs to be a new ethic of responsibility in this country.

And third, I think — I remember here in Nashua, I was visiting a middle school, and they were concerned about the incipient violence in a middle school.

And I remember sitting with the guidance counselors and other people around the table, and I asked them, "What's changed between now and 20 years ago?" And they said two things. One is the steady diet of sex without meaning and violence without context that comes across the media. These kids aren't ready for it — these are middle school kids.

Second thing the person said, the counselor said, there are fewer adults in kids' lives today. And on one level, that's because parents are working so hard, so many jobs. On another level, it's because we haven't created enough safe spaces with adult supervision.

So I think you need those three things. And then of course, you need to have kids have a sense of self esteem and commitment to something that's larger than themselves, so they don't get caught up in this materialistic culture, or get caught up in the cliques of a high school situation.

MODERATOR All right gentlemen, you're both going to hate me for this, but I need shorter answers please. Otherwise, we're never going to get to — and I realize these are, you know, these are enormously complex issues that you're all raising and we can spend an hour and a half talking about any one of them.

But to move you along, I'll probably regret asking this question, but both of you have spoken about the media's responsibility without, however, suggesting what you think that responsibility is. What is it?

WINNER Self-restraint.

MODERATOR To do what?

WINNER To show less violence and explicit sexuality, especially at times when young people are watching. You know I think that — Tipper wrote a book called, "Raising PG Kids in an X-rated Society" and pointed out that it's just not fair to treat young kids like they're little miniature adults.

They're not prepared to process a lot of the material that adults are.

I was a strong advocate of a program called the v-chip, which is just now beginning to be installed in all television sets. We need programs to have more awareness of how parents can use that — that tool in order to block out material that is really not appropriate, especially for young children.

I helped to negotiate an agreement with the Internet service providers to put a parent protection page up and give parents the ability to click on all of the web sites that there children have visited lately. That'll put a lot of bargaining leverage in the hands of parents.

But I think that because we have a First Amendment, Ted, because that's our core value, we're not going to have government having censorship; we're not going to have government ordering what kind of content's going to be in the media. But we have to be able to ask those in charge of the media to exercise more self-restraint.

MODERATOR Let me ask you just to stop there for a moment. We have to take a break in a little over a minute. What is it you expect of us in the media? What should we be doing?

LOSER I expect a higher order of responsibility.

MODERATOR What does that mean?

LOSER That means to use your own judgment and your own set of values to determine what is good and what is not. Not just...

MODERATOR We just saw the tapes...

LOSER Not to simply — not to simply...

MODERATOR We just saw the tapes, Senator.

LOSER Not to simply go with what will sell. I mean I've had these conversations with the head of major media companies. I've set down in rooms with them. They understand the tension that exists between creativity and the need to be responsible.

I'm simply arguing that they should exercise a little bit on the  side of being more responsible and seeing — making a judgment themselves about what impact this has on children's lives out there.

I mean, you can either try to catch all this stuff after it's already out and prevent it from getting to kids, or you can try to convince the people that are doing it that they have a higher order of responsibility. That's what I'd try to do.

MODERATOR All right. Gentlemen, we have to take another short break, and then our segments will be a little longer. We'll have a chance to get more questions in, and I hope a lot more shorter answers.

Back in a moment. [laughter]

[television break]

MODERATOR And let me take this opportunity to say to our two guests here, the vice president and Senator Bradley, if you want to ask one another questions at any point during the course of this evening, please feel free to do so. But we're going to start with a question over here.

AUDIENCE Yes. My question's for the vice president. And I've seen your ads regarding health care for every American.

MODERATOR Hold your mike up just a little bit more, would you?

AUDIENCE Yes. This question is for the vice president. I've seen your ads regarding care for every American.

WINNER Yes.

AUDIENCE And what my question would be to you is, given the partisan nature of Congress and their inability to agree on anything, do you think it's possible for such a broad plan to actually get passed through Congress and are you willing to raise income taxes if it's the only way you could get national health care?

WINNER I think that we can have universal health care in a step-by-step way without jeopardizing our economic prosperity and within a balanced budget, without raising income taxes.

I do favor increasing cigarette taxes, I've been in favor of that, but not income taxes. We have the biggest surpluses in the history of the United States. We should be talking about targeted, affordable tax cuts, not tax increases.

But we have to home in on the 15 percent of our people who do not have affordable health care. I'm in favor of universal health care and I want to start by having universal health care available for every child, immediately, to reach the goal within the next four years.

Then their parents, up to 250 percent of the poverty rate; and then help for all Americans with a 25-percent tax credit to purchase health insurance if you're an individual who doesn't get it at work, and for small business owners who now have one-third of the work force but more than half of the uninsured work force. We ought to have long-term care assistance.

I set aside 15 percent of the budget surplus to strengthen Medicare and have a prescription drug benefit for seniors.

And finally, I want to implement right away the health care Patients' Bill of Rights. And on this subject my question for Senator Bradley, Ted, would be, since you do not set aside any of the surplus to strengthen Medicare, and since everybody knows the population of Medicare recipients is going to double over the next 30 years, and since there's a shortage in some parts of Medicare now, what other proposals are you going to make to strengthen Medicare?

MODERATOR Please...

LOSER Which one? Both.

MODERATOR Take your pick.

LOSER Well, I'll come to Medicare. [laughter]

I think that the issue really is the health care system is in real distress. It — there are millions of Americans out there today who have health insurance that are afraid they're not going to be able to see a doctor or to get a hospital. There are millions of middle-class Americans that are really on the brink of losing their health insurance.

I read a story today in the newspaper here in New Hampshire about a woman who's paying $294 a month for her health care, and her insurance company wrote here a letter and said she'd have to pay $50 more a month next year and she was going to have to give up that health coverage.

I think we have to help middle-class Americans also pay for their health coverage, and we have to help cover 44 million Americans who don't have any health insurance.

I've offered a plan to do that. It's a plan that will make access to affordable health care available to everyone in this country. It saves billions of dollars in waste and fraud. It provides a prescription drug benefit for the elderly.

And I think that the question that I would ask Al is that the difference, the main difference between our programs is that I do provide access to affordable quality health care for all Americans and his plan does not.

So my question to you is, who will you leave out? Will you leave out the part-time worker who doesn't have health insurance? Will you leave out the downsized middle-class industrial worker who loses health insurance?

Will you leave out the 40 percent of the people who live in poverty, who don't have any health insurance?

WINNER OK, I'll answer the question, and the answer is very simple. I won't leave out anyone.

LOSER You're...

WINNER I want to reach universal health insurance.

LOSER But you haven't proposed universal coverage.

WINNER I don't think that it's lost on anybody that — now let me back up. I asked the question about Medicare. Let me tell you...

MODERATOR Hold it. Hold it. Hold it just one second, gentlemen.

WINNER Yes.

MODERATOR Let me just point out...

LOSER You made a mistake, Al,  asked another question. [laughter]

WINNER I don't think it's a mistake at all.

MODERATOR I just want to point out that neither of you answered the question, which was rather a perceptive question of this gentleman. And if I may, I'd like to add a little bit to your question.

There's a fellow by the name of Trent Lott. You know him well. Senate majority leader, and likely to be the Senate majority leader next time around, too.

The gentleman's question was how are you going to get any of these programs — your program or your program — through the Congress? Neither one of you answered that question.

WINNER I served eight years in the House of Representatives and eight years in the Senate. I've got close friendships on both sides of the aisle in both chambers. I happen to think there's an excellent chance that we might see a change in the control of the House of Representatives.

And I think that if the American people speak as clearly and forcefully in this campaign as I think they're going to do about the need for moving forward on health care coverage and passing the Patients' Bill of Rights — I mean, after all, it's pretty well accepted by everybody, regardless of your party, that the medical decisions shouldn't be made by accountants working for HMOs. They should be made by doctors and nurses.

But in explaining to the Congress why this can be done quickly and well, we have to fit it in with the economy.

And the reason why I ask the question that Senator Bradley said, is because one of our achievements of the last six and a half years has been to have a strong economy. And that means getting the big questions right.

We have a big budget surplus now. Everybody knows that the entitlement questions have to be addressed. Medicare needs funding now. I set aside 15 percent of the surplus for Medicare. Bill does not set aside a penny for it. He said we can get to that later.

Now this is an important question, because people depend upon Medicare. And I'd really — since I, by the luck of the draw got the chance to ask the first question, I'd like you to give an answer to it.

LOSER I'd be pleased to.

MODERATOR Who's question you going to answer here? This gentleman's over here, or...

LOSER I'm going to ask Al's and then I'm going to answer the lady's question.

I served on the Senate Finance Committee for 18 years. I defended Medicare for 18 years. It was through my efforts that we prevented premiums from going up on a number of occasions. Medicare is the most important public insurance program on health care that we have.

Medicare is now solid until 2017 in this country. The most rapidly changing area of our lives is health care. There is a great probability that people enter Medicare 10, 15 years from now will be healthier because they have been exercising, not smoking.

It means we'll be able to have better disease management, that will save costs as well. It means there will be major breakthroughs in drugs, that will save costs as well. It means that we're going to be able to probably have a reduction in Medicare costs over time. And it's much too early to make that decision.

But no one should doubt my commitment to making sure Medicare is solid. And I would even suggest that, you know, if we have growth higher than what's been projected, that we could use some of the surplus for Medicare. But the point is that we have to look at it as we move forward.

WINNER I'll tell you, it's that...

LOSER Now, on the last question that you...

MODERATOR He still hasn't answered the young gentleman's question.

WINNER He hasn't answered my question either. I mean, about that paperwork thing...

MODERATOR Well that's all right...

LOSER The young people...

WINNER I don't your commitment, I doubt your plan.

LOSER Well, that's where we disagree. That's where we disagree. I would like him to answer the question, too. Who is he going to leave out? Who is he going to leave out?

WINNER No one.

LOSER That's not true. You've not proposed a plan that covers all Americans.

WINNER Bill, look, with all due respect...

LOSER Have you or not?

WINNER I want to get to universal health insurance with...

LOSER But you haven't proposed a plan to do that.

WINNER ... with a step-by-step plan. And neither one of us has covered everyone. You canceled Medicaid.

LOSER I've laid...

WINNER You canceled Medicaid, and give people $150 vouchers to try to replace it, and you cannot do that.

But back to Medicare — look, with all due respect, paperwork savings, the anticipation of better disease management. Look, there are teaching hospitals in New England right now that are short of Medicare funds. They're nursing homes, and home health care agencies, and rehabilitative services, and rural hospitals that need more Medicare funding right now.

We're going to see a doubling of the Medicare population over the next 30 years.

The baby boomer generation is getting ready to retire. Everybody knows that more money has to be made available to Medicare. Now when you eliminate the whole surplus without saving a penny for Medicare, that is a serious problem for our economy.

And again, the reason it's important, Ted, is that in order to keep our economy strong and not get back into deficits and spiralling recessions again. We have got to make good choices where the big-money choices are concerned. And that's why experience in managing economic policy and fitting programs like Medicare together with economic policy is so critical to our country's future.

MODERATOR And Vice President ...

WINNER And Mr. Bradley has not answered that.

MODERATOR I love sitting up here holding both your coats while the two of you squabble with one another, but let me point out we've got about nine minutes...

LOSER He hasn't answered the question though, Ted. Who is he going to leave out?

MODERATOR ... and we haven't even answered the first question from the floor. [laughter]

But go ahead. Take one more whack. And then let's please go to this gentleman who's standing over there.



MODERATOR Go ahead.

LOSER Yes. I mean, Al mentioned the change in Medicaid. Medicaid is, of course, the program for people who are poor. From the vantage point of Washington, Medicaid looks pretty good. It's a program to try to help people who are poor, among others, but that's the only one that I address here.

But if you get out in the country and you see how it's being — how it's applied, you find that it's not working. It could be better.

For example, 40 percent of the people who live in poverty in this country are not covered by Medicaid. They don't have any health insurance. And nearly 70 percent of the doctors don't fully participate in Medicaid. So that means Medicaid patients go to emergency rooms after they're already sick to get the most expensive treatment that you pay for by increasing sales taxes and property taxes locally.

I think there's a better way, and I've offered a better way so that they can be a part of a federal system, a federal system that applies to many different people in the federal government, there are many choices that are available. I think that this is a better approach than continuing with a Medicaid system that is full of holes. It also eliminates the stigmatization that comes from Medicaid.

Now, if I could answer this question over here. How will we make it happen? The reason you lay out something very specific in the campaign — and I've said if I was going to lay out a specific health care proposal it was going to be like throwing raw meat in a cage of wolves and they were going to chew it up, and, you know, that's what's happened. And...[laughter]... the point is that you have to lay out something specific so that you begin to get responses.

I did this before with tax reform in the mid-'80s; I laid out a specific tax reform proposal, people attacked it, we began to shape it, we came back with a new one, we passed it. That's what has to happen.

You lay it out in this campaign, you make it clear that this is the direction. Details, they can change, but that's the direction. And indeed we're going to get this done.

And then what you do is you let the people decide. And if the people give me a mandate by electing me president of the United States by a sizable margin, then even Republicans who might object will no longer object.

I think that it's a major opportunity, and it's an opportunity where, if the people of this country really want to have a health care system that's more responsive to them, if they really want a health care system where middle-income people are helped pay for their income — helped pay for their health care, if they want to have a drug benefit for seniors, then they support me, and we get this done after the election.

MODERATOR All right. Gentlemen, we're going to go to another question if it kills me. Go ahead, sir. I understand you've got a related question here. Throw it in.

AUDIENCE Yes, I'm Marcus Hermanson. I'm a physician in Nashua.

My wife is a patient with a chronic disease. She needed a procedure done. She wanted the procedure. Her doctors wanted the procedure. Her HMO managers did not want the procedure because it was too expensive.

How do your plans get control back into the hands of the physician and the patient? And how do we — how do we hold the HMOs accountable for their decisions? And finally, will we hold that same accountability to Medicare and Medicaid?

MODERATOR All right. Mr. Vice President, and, please, let us make an effort. I've let both of you go long, but I'm going to start cutting you off.

WINNER Yes. I've fought strongly for the health care Patients Bill of Rights. I think that if there is one principle we can all agree on, medical decisions ought to be made by doctors and nurses and health care professionals.

And we started in the current administration by applying that principle to all of the federal programs.

So, you'd have a right to appeal, you'd have a right to see a specialist if you desired to. And the appeal would go to somebody outside the HMO.

Now, I talked with a young person recently who had a — who needed an extensive procedure of the kind that you referred to, and while this young boy was on the operating table, his parents got a notification that the HMO — the insurance company in this case, canceled the policy.

And so, that's why we can't — and they fell back on Medicaid, OK? Medicaid is not just for poor people incidentally. There are seven million disabled Americans. Two thirds of all of the senior citizens in nursing homes here in New Hampshire and across the country, are on Medicaid. If we cancel Medicaid and substitute little vouchers capped at $150 dollars a month, there's not a single plan available here in New Hampshire that you can get for anything approximating the cap in this plan.

But the first step is to pass this health care Patients' Bill of Rights. And I think that in this campaign, we can get Republicans to see why the American people are demanding that it be passed.

MODERATOR We've got a minute and a half, Senator Bradley. Take it.

LOSER Well, first of all, that's not true.

If you're writing this law, New Hampshire would have access to affordable health care plans. If you needed to, you could put it in law, any big HMO that's handling big states, would also have to handle small states.

Now in answer to your question, patients' bill of rights yes, Consumers' right to know yes. But there are going to come times when you're elected representatives have to take it to the HMOs and force them to do certain things.

I've done that.

I got a letter during my term in the Senate from a number of women who told they were being pushed out of the hospital in 24 hours after they'd given birth to a child. I thought that was outrageous. And we passed a law forcing them to stay in the hospital — allowing them to stay in the hospital for 48 hours.

I believe that that is — that is the way we're going to have to do this. Now one of the ways you might do it, you might try to have a public/private commission that would begin to lay these things out and guidelines for HMOs. But ultimately, your elected representatives are your fallback position.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, I thank you. We're going to take another short break and then we'll be back for more from Senator Bradley and Vice President Gore.

[television break]

MODERATOR How many questions can two determined candidates answer in 50 — five oh — minutes? Answer three. [laughter]

We are going to try and do a little bit better, though.

Go ahead, ma'am.

AUDIENCE Hi. My question is for both candidates. My name is Nancy Trask. And my question is, I'm concerned about the increasing threat of terrorism, and also their increasing sophistication. How do you plan to address that?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley?

LOSER I think that we have to make sure that we have an approach to terrorism that is across the board. It has to include the best intelligence in the world. It has to include a credible threat, a response if terrorism takes place, going after them wherever they are.

It must also include a degree of honesty with the American people about the possibility that, in the next decade, there could be an act of terrorism in our homeland, which means we also have to involve the public health authorities and the civil defense authorities.

I think that if you put all of those together you have a strategy that allows you to deal with terrorism in the world. But the key thing is to make sure that the government is organized in a way that you get support among all agencies aimed at countering terrorism and not have the authority dispersed in a lot of different agencies in the government.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President?

WINNER Yes. I don't disagree with that. I think that we need robust budgets and personnel rosters in the counterintelligence agencies and bureaus — the FBI and CIA.

I think we've also got to work with our allies, and not only on the weapons of mass destruction, but also on the delivery systems. Along with John McCain, I was the author of the Gore-McCain legislation to focus these efforts to stop the flow of technology not only on the components of the weapons of mass destruction, but also on the delivery systems themselves.

And finally, I think that we need to look at this in the broader context and realize that that's yet another reason why it's so important for the United States of America to use our moral authority and leadership in the world to try to bring more peace with security.

We're getting some progress in the Middle East. We just passed the U.N. resolution on Iraq today. We're seeing wonderful progress in Northern Ireland — Northern Ireland, what a great thing. The Balkans. I won't go through the list.

But I think that it's — that in the longer run, when we promote more peace and stability in the world, we're going to remove some of the causes of these festering sores that lead to terrorism. But we've got to strictly control the technologies in the short run.

MODERATOR Question over here in the right front.

AUDIENCE My name is Ed Simonson, and I'm here with my 18-year-old son, Curtis.

Senator McCain, last Monday, alluded to wanting an airborne missile defense system possibly to be defending Taiwan, and given the fact that many of the business leaders of this country want favored trade status for China, isn't that a very war-like posturing? And I'd like both of you candidates to comment on the disparity of those two issues.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, you want to go first on this one?

WINNER I'll be happy to.

We have been very careful not to tip our hand to either Taiwan or mainland China in saying Here are exactly the circumstances that will lead to the United States getting militarily involved. Because, frankly, we don't want to embolden the hotheads or the hard-liners on either side of the Taiwan Straits to take some rash action.

Now, some kinds of missile defense systems are well within the bounds of the relationship. Others are not. We have a debate here in our country about when we cross the line that might threaten the future of the ABM Treaty, how we can get modifications to the ABM Treaty.

WINNER We sent the fleet right down through the Straits of Taiwan when there was a threat from mainland China, without ever saying a word about it publicly. And I think that the kind of diplomacy that has pushed both sides toward a peaceful resolution of the long-standing problems that they have is what we ought to pursue.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley.

LOSER I think we have to be very direct with both the Taiwanese and the Chinese. I think that we should say to the Taiwanese, any direct and serious moves towards independence would jeopardize our support for them. I think we ought to say to the Chinese, under the Taiwan Relations Act, we are required to take appropriate responses and that we would take appropriate responses if they decided, militarily, to move onto the island of Taiwan.

The balance here is very important. And I think that if we send that message, that — to both sides, that what we're going to really do is wait in the long run. You know, the presidential election is going on, the idea is there are some people who are running in Taiwan who would seek to have a better relationship with mainland China. That would begin to solve a lot of problems.

We have to bank on the long term. The Chinese believe in a kind of time that is very long. And so we tend to be involved with instant gratification. We have to appreciate the opportunity that we have.

So, I think we should not try to tilt that balance one way or the other, on this issue.

MODERATOR You have the next question, ma'am.

AUDIENCE My name is Helen Hannerow. I'd like to know both of your reactions to the recent injection, in the Republican candidates' debate in Iowa, of a candidate's personal relationship with Jesus Christ, as a basis upon which to base one's moral standing.

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, why don't you go first on that one?

LOSER All right. I think that a person's religious faith is the deepest, most intimate aspect of their lives. It goes to the very essence of their belief. And I believe that one must respect the religious faith of another person. I think when someone makes an open expression of their faith, it is something that I respect, whether they are a politician, or whether they are a banker or a plumber. But I think each politician then has to decide how they handle this in a world where you're running to be president of the United States.

In may own case, I've decided that that personal faith is private, and I will not discuss it with the public. So I am not going to get into the kind of things you saw in that debate in Iowa last week. And I think it's every candidate's personal choice. I respect anyone that handles it any way they choose to handle it, but that's how I choose to handle it.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President.

WINNER I strongly support the separation of church and state. The bedrock principle on which our nation was founded, was the search for religious freedom, which clearly meant freedom from government interference in religion.

And I think that carries with it not only an obligation to respect the Constitution. For example, I think the Constitution forbids the teaching of evolution in schools, unless — except in religion class, not in science class.

And I think it also means that every single person in our public life ought to recognize an obligation to communicate tolerance of all religious faiths and traditions, especially the religious faiths and traditions that are held to by a minority in our country. That's what we're all about, religious freedom.

Now I think in some times past, that principle has been wrongly interpreted to mean that somebody who is a person of faith and in public life should not even affirm his faith. I very much respect the way Bill has handled this question. You know, that's great, that's fine. That's his way of doing it.

I affirm my faith when I'm asked about it. But I always try to do so in a way that communicates absolute respect, not only for people who worship in a different way, but just as much respect for those who do not believe in God and who are atheists. Atheists have just as much of a right to the public discourse as any — as people of any religious faith in this country.

And I think that we have got to really stand, and if necessary, fight for that principle.

MODERATOR Question in the rear.

AUDIENCE Yes. My name is Scott Stevens. And my question is, it's been said that this presidential election is a battle for the American soul; what is your response to that?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley had a hard time understanding your question.

I believe you said, "It has been said that a presidential election is a battle..."

WINNER This presidential election.

MODERATOR "That this presidential election..."

WINNER This presidential election.

MODERATOR ... is a battle for America's soul." The gentleman would like to know what you think that means.

AUDIENCE What is your response?

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, you want to begin this time?

WINNER Well, you know, it's fortuitous that your comment comes immediately on the heels of the last one, because I think that language is important, and I think that some people use language like that as a code to say this is, kind of, a religious choice in the election. And I think we have to push back against that.

But if you use the word "soul" in a deeper and broader sense, I think that all elections for president in this country are about our nation's soul Who are we as a people?

I believe that — well, as I said to the questioner earlier, in order to fight school violence, we have to give meaning and purpose to the lives of our young people. In order to safeguard our future, we have to have the courage to take on the problem of global warming and the other aspects of the global environmental crisis.

We have to have the wisdom and pragmatism to keep our economy prosperous so that we'll have the resources and the confidence of our people to challenge these problems successfully.

If we look out around us and see that we're in an information age where knowledge and learning is more important than ever before, we have to recognize that it says a lot about who we are as a people if we're willing to say to all the young people We're going to devote the resources necessary to dramatically improve our public schools.

I've put forward a comprehensive plan for revolutionary improvements in our public schools partly because I think we owe that responsibility to our young people in order to respond to the ultimate challenge that is conveyed in that phrase. Who are we as a people, and do we have the courage to keep on moving forward into the future as we did in the past?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, let's hear your take on that. America's soul.

LOSER When someone says the election's a battle for America's soul, I think of our founding fathers, and I think of what Thomas Jefferson wrote about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. And I think about where we haven't measured up.

So it's a battle for the American soul. The question in my mind, are we — and we have tremendous economic period right now. It's driven by technological change and globalization, productivity increasing, wealth increasing. That should continue. We need policies that continue to support that kind of direction in this country.

But I don't view that as related to soul. What I view as related to soul are such things as, can we cross the racial divide in this country and achieve a deeper level of racial harmony? That's the American soul.

Can those people who have resources turn their eyes toward those that don't and realize that it's in all our interests if everybody moves forward together? And therefore, we do things like increase the number of people in America with health care. We eliminate child poverty in this country.

And the people who are doing well see how that is a connection that connects them to the basic soul of this country, which are the ideals our founding fathers espoused and ideals that have yet to be fully realized.

That, to me, is what this — the point you make, says.

And you know, I think that, quite frankly, the Democratic Party has always stood for advancing. We've been a party that's not been, you know, satisfied with symbolic actions that are small. We've always tried to challenge the American people to be better.

And so in this election, what I see this is, can we dream again, can the Democratic Party challenge people to advance together and win against a Republican Party that has a much narrower message?

MODERATOR Let me, if I may, follow-up with a question of my own.

There was an ad today in, I believe it was "USA Today," taken by the Siemens Corporation which had sponsored a contest. And they had taken out an ad in which there were the pictures of approximately 60 youngsters who were science contest winners. Sixty.

Not one was an African-American, not one was Hispanic, I think about 16 of them were Asian-Americans. A couple of them were Indian-Americans, not American Indians, Indian-Americans. Which says to me that we are failing somehow in terms of educating young African-Americans, young Hispanic Americans in affording them the same opportunities that white kids and other kids have in this country.

What are you going to do about that?

WINNER Well, that's why I support affirmative action. Because it's still needed. That's why I support the most vigorous enforcement of the civil rights laws.

That's why I think that we have got to turn around failing schools in the communities that don't have them.

And incidentally, I don't see many African-Americans here this evening. I was looking around the crowd this evening. Are there any? There's one in back there...[laughter]

None here. 

Now I don't mean that as a criticism at all. I mean that even the best of us can sometimes overlook the need to reach out and include everyone.

And now, frankly, on the science part of this, I think that it is a national disgrace that we are 18th out of 18 nations surveyed in 12th grade math. And the scores are lowest in the schools that serve communities that are large — that are disproportionately poor and minority. I have put forward a $115 billion plan to bring about revolutionary improvements in our public schools. And I think we have to focus, first and foremost, on the schools that are falling behind.

Now, I personally always opposed the vouchers. That's been a big disagreement for 18 years between Senator Bradley and myself. And Senator Bradley has not put forward a plan to turn around failing schools, or to lift up our public schools. I think that if you look at that ad, with those young people involved there — not represented there, I think that it's one of many signs that we simply have to do a lot more — not to have incremental improvement, not to settle for small changes, but to bring about truly revolutionary improvements.

Treat teachers like professionals. Reduce the class size. Have higher standards. Have teacher testing for new teachers. Make it easier within due process to get rid of the teachers who are not doing a good job.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, we're out of time for this segment. I know you're going to want to address the same subject.

Let's take a break and we'll come back to you on that subject in just a moment.

[television break]

MODERATOR We left off, as you probably know, on the subject of African-Americans, Hispanics, a number of minority groups not having the same advantages in this country and what it is that either one of you — we heard from the vice president, your views on that side.

LOSER Well, certainly I support affirmative action. I support strong enforcement of the civil rights laws. I also, though, think the issue turned to education, and Al said that I hadn't offered an education program.

I think that shows the difference between us. If your staff had checked the proposals I've made, they would have found that there's an education component of almost each one of the proposals.

The difference is, I view education as integrated into the lives of people where they're living their lives, not as a program that comes from Washington. I believe in a strong federal commitment to education.

And I believe in education from birth through lifetime and for everyone. And in this campaign I've laid out a program that would begin with early childhood education, that would provide funds through the states to the localities where child care could be decided by the local — localities as to what's the best way to have child care in that community.

I proposed a doubling of Head Start — 400,000 new slots.

I've proposed that, in a world where we're going to lose over the next decade 2.2 million teachers, that we need to infuse our school systems with 60,000 new teachers a year, many of them aimed specifically at the categories that you said were low performances, in terms of math, science, computer education and foreign language.

And then, going beyond elementary and secondary school education, I've proposed a program that would assist community colleges directly, because community colleges are the first step up the rung of the higher education ladder, but more importantly, they're places where individuals upgrade their skills.

Now, I also think, as I said earlier, there's another element here, and it is violence. And that's why mandatory licensing and registration of all handguns is the way you make those schools safer.

And you put all that together, then I think you must have a spirit of innovation — standards, accountability — and you must do so in a way that you're going to build on the spirit of innovation in the country. Why should we have the most innovative private sector in America, in the world — the most innovative private sector in the world and need more innovation in our school systems?

And then, finally, Al mentioned the issue of vouchers. Yes, I did support some experimental programs in vouchers over 18 years in the Senate. But I do not believe that vouchers are the answer to the problems of public education. There are simply, you know, 47 million kids in public schools, six million kids in private schools, 600 slots, basically, open in private schools. How could that be the answer to the problems of public education?

And I have never supported, even in experimental, any voucher program that took any public money from public education in this country.

WINNER Could I comment on that?

LOSER Getting back to...

MODERATOR Turn your microphone on because I think you turned it off when you went outside.

WINNER No. No, I didn't.

MODERATOR You didn't? In that case, can we have a hand mike up here for the vice president because — OK, we're OK.

WINNER Am I'm on now?

MODERATOR Your mike is on. Go ahead.

WINNER OK. I'd just like to comment on that briefly, because every single time vouchers came up in the Senate, Bill, for 18 years, you voted for them. Now you're proposing vouchers in place of Medicaid capped at $150 a month...

LOSER They're not vouchers, Al. Those are not...

WINNER But here's my point.

LOSER It is not vouchers. The health care program doesn't have vouchers.

WINNER Well, $150, I mean. But let me come back to the...

LOSER It's not vouchers.

WINNER Let me come back to the public schools.

LOSER It's the federal government taking responsibility for people's health care...

WINNER OK.

LOSER ... who don't have it.

WINNER The fact is that there is a certain amount of money that communities feel like they can afford to spend on public education.

We can talk about it more, but the percentage of the voting population made up of parents with school-aged children is the lowest it's ever been, at a time when the population of students is the largest it's ever been.

I think it should be a national priority, not just nibbling around the edges. We don't need 60,000 new teachers, we need 2.2 million new teachers over the next 10 years, because a lot of teachers hired after World War II are retiring.

LOSER My answer was 600,000.

WINNER That's why I propose the 21st Century Teacher Corps with $10,000 hiring bonuses for young people to serve in the kind of communities that would turn out science students that would win those prizes. And $10,000 bonuses for mid-career professionals to switch over and join the teaching profession.

I think that we ought to devote more of our national income to education reform, and that's why I proposed a $115 billion plan, over the next 10 years, to really focus on bringing revolutionary improvements to our public schools.

MODERATOR Go ahead, sir.

Audience Member Yes, my name is Tom Bizante. I work here at Sandries, which is involved in the space programs. In 1960 — or in the '60s, President Kennedy took a bold step and announced to the world that he wanted to have a man on the moon before the end of the decade. Are you willing to also take a bold step and leave us with a legacy of having a man on Mars by 2010?

WINNER You know, when President — when Vice President Johnson advised President Kennedy that he should set that goal, it was partly because the best scientific opinion of the day was that we already knew all of the essential steps that had to be taken to reach that goal.

It was a question of implementing them properly. Yes, it was a bold vision. But we knew that if we did it the right way, we could do it.

With Mars there are two distinctions. Number one, as the recent two failures of these robotic landers show, there's still a lot we don't know. Second, the cost is in a completely different order of magnitude as the cost of a moon program.

There's no doubt that, eventually, we will land a human being on Mars. But we are right now, not at a point of where it makes good sense to outline that. We've got to get to universal health care. We've got to revolutionize our schools. We've got to ...

MODERATOR OK, let me have...

WINNER ... have a mission to planet Earth to focus with our problems.

MODERATOR Let me have Senator Bradley go on the...... position of a manned mission to Mars.

LOSER He mentioned universal health care. He's yet to tell us who he'd leave out. [laughter]

Who he would leave out.

WINNER No one.

LOSER Now, my personal view of the answer to your question is no. I will not set a target to get to Mars by any particular date. I will not do that, because I haven't been convinced that we can do so in a period of time. I think investment in space is important. Investment in space is important because of the research fallout. I would continue to make investment in space, but I would not make a commitment to Mars by a particular date.

I think that we need research in all areas of our national government. We need to increase research for the National Institutes of Health. I've been surprised that research in the Defense Department has dropped from $54 billion to $38 billion. We need more research in defense.

I think that you have to see the space program in the context of the kind of breakthroughs in subsidiary developments that you get from making that kind of commitment. So the commitment would stay strong, but no, the answer is, I wouldn't commit to a date certain for Mars.

MODERATOR A question in the aisle.

AUDIENCE Hi, my name is Sean Chavez...

MODERATOR Come a little closer, sir.

AUDIENCE My question is for both candidates. Where do you stand on the issue of discrimination on sexual orientation?

AUDIENCE Would you support an amendment to guarantee the equality for gays and lesbians? Do you support the legal recognition of marriage for same sex?

MODERATOR Senator Bradley, why don't you take that first.

LOSER I don't think there should be discrimination against anybody and that includes gays and lesbians. I would propose adding to the 1964 Civil Rights Act the category of sexual orientation.

I also believe that gays should be allowed to serve openly in the military. I mean, if a gay American can serve openly in the White House, in the Justice Department, in the Congress, in the Supreme Court, I don't see why a gay American can't serve openly in the military.

I think that it's very important that we push anti-hate crime legislation that is aimed at adding sexual orientation to those hate crimes so that no person feels that they are — violent acts are taken against them because of their sexual orientation.

But I think there's a deeper question here. And the deeper question is not only the legal steps you would take as president, but what you would do to make people realize that if you are gay and lesbian, you are no different than anybody else.

If you looked around, gays and lesbians in our society are our bosses, our neighbors, our friends. And they should have the same rights as everyone else.

On gay marriage, I don't support gay marriage because I think it's a matter of religious sacrament as well as a legal right — legal state. And we could achieve the same objectives by having a domestic partners act that would give all of the legal, financial and inheritance rights that accrue in the state of marriage to someone engaged in a domestic partner relationship.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President?

WINNER Yes. You know, when you asked your question, I thought about the question earlier about America's soul. I really think that the real American spirit is pushing forward into the future, to expand the circle of human dignity, just as we did with African Americans, just as we did in giving women the right to vote, just as we've done, oftentimes shocking the rest of the world, who are really astonished that we are a brave people that do difficult things. And this is difficult. But with leadership we can end discrimination against gays and lesbians.

I strongly favor ending the "don't ask, don't tell" policy. I favor the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which is the way of extending civil rights to gays and lesbians, and it is the strategy that is preferred by the leaders of those organizations and the leaders of other civil rights organizations. And I favor legal protections for domestic contracts.

And I also agree with Bill that leadership is awfully important in getting across the message that discrimination and the old hatefulness and prejudice, no matter who it's directed against, really has to come to an end. Because if we're going to be who we're intended to be as Americans we're going to be brave enough to get rid of that old discrimination.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, we're down to our last couple of questions.

And if I may — or our last couple of minutes. And if I may, I'd like to ask you a question myself.

I think the differences that we've heard between you this evening, if I may, are less significant, perhaps, or seem less significant to me as a listener than perhaps they are to you as candidates. And therefore, I would like to ask you what it is about you, Senator Bradley, as a person — your own view of yourself as a leader — without getting into policies for a moment, just you as a man — that you think distinguishes you from the vice president here and makes you more fit to be president of the United States.

LOSER I think that I have a different style of leadership. I think that, when I was in the United States Senate, I would take issues like taxes, international trade, put a big structure of reform around them and push for that reform. Or I'd take issues that were considered volatile, like race, and try to play to our better angels.

And each time that occurred, somebody came to me and they said You know, you're taking a big political risk. And my response was Yes, but that is the risk of leadership.

As president, I would continue to take those bold positions. And I think you'll see that in the course of this campaign in the health care plan that I've offered, in my approach to gun control, which is the toughest gun control program that's been put out by any presidential candidate in history.

I think that would be a significant difference between us as president.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, we're down to our last 90 seconds. Take as much of it as you want. [laughter]

WINNER Guess how much I'll take, Ted. No, I'll try to leave some for the close here.

I think the difference is — first of all, let me say that I respect Senator Bradley. And I think you're perceptive in saying that, as Democrats, we do have a lot of things in common.

He's been my friend, a former colleague, I think he's a good man. I think he's a good man with some bad plans, and we've talked about some of the details of health care subsidies capped at $150 a month, which can't buy health care, not only in New Hampshire, but anywhere in the country.

But the difference that I would offer in asking you to evaluate why I am — why I can serve as your president and — is that I am a fighter. For 23 years, I have fought for working families; for working men and women. I've been unafraid to take on the pharmaceutical companies, the big oil companies, whatever special interests you're talking about.

I have put forward bold proposals to tackle problems that others have shied away from, like global warming.

MODERATOR You were right.

WINNER Like 150 — what?

MODERATOR You were right. You took it all. [laughter]

Take five more seconds and wrap it up.

WINNER Like the education plan and the health care plan.

But just in closing, I want to fight for you. And there's only one position in the Constitution where a person fights for all the people, and that's president. I want to fight for you.

MODERATOR We'll be back in a moment.

[television break]

MODERATOR How best to sum up tonight's session in the 15 seconds that they left me? Perhaps the poet said it best Man's reach must exceed his grasp, else what's a heaven for.

That's our report for tonight. Sunday's on ABC's The Week, Cokie Roberts sits down for the first interview with the two women who know Governor George W. Bush best his mother, Barbara, and his wife, Laura. That's Sunday on This Week.

I'm Ted Koppel in Nashua, New Hampshire. For all of us here at ABC News, good night. 

MODERATOR Good evening and thank you for joining us as we uphold a New Hampshire tradition the town meeting — a direct exchange between voters and candidates a little more than three months before the presidential primary here.

LOSER It is the first opportunity in campaign 2000 for people in New Hampshire and across the country to compare Al Gore and Bill Bradley side by side.

Some 300 voters from the upper valley of New Hampshire are here in Dartmouth's Moore Theater. They were recruited by the Rockefeller Center at Dartmouth College and chosen by lottery. We're also joined by members of the Dartmouth community.

MODERATOR Audience members submitted their questions for the candidates in advance. WMUR and CNN screened those questions and then picked those for their relevancy and their timeliness. Those questions are what Mr. Bradley and Mr. Gore will face in this next hour.

LOSER And now, to the candidates. We welcome Vice President Al Gore. 

WINNER Thank you very much. Thank you, Bernie. Good to be here. Thank you.

LOSER Good to be with you tonight.

WINNER  for the cameras here.

LOSER And we welcome former Senator Bill Bradley. 

A coin toss determined that Mr. Bradley will take the first question. He will have 90 seconds to respond. And then we are going to move on to a question for Mr. Gore.

MODERATOR So let us begin. Please, state your name and then your question for Mr. Bradley.

AUDIENCE Mr. name is Martha Goodrich and I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.

Mr. Bradley, in your opinion, what is the one most compelling reason that I should vote for you rather than your opponent?

LOSER Well, first, let me thank Dartmouth and WMUR and CNN for hosting this, all of you for coming. I'm very pleased to be a part of it and I hope there will be others.

I want to introduce my wife, Ernestine, who's here in the audience. I'd also like to acknowledge Al's wife, Tipper, and welcome you too.

I think there's only one reason to vote for me as opposed to anybody else, whether it's the vice president or whether it's a Republican candidate. And that is because you think that my leadership would improve the quality of life for millions of Americans today, that you agree with my vision of where the country should go, that you share the values that I espouse, and that you recognize that by your participation in the process that America can become what I've laid it out to be.

So if you care about fundamental campaign finance reform, if you care about increasing the number of people in America with health insurance, if you care about racial unity in America, if you care about reducing the number of children in poverty in America and you care about managing the economy so the growth takes more and more people to higher economic ground, then I would hope you'd feel that I would be your candidate. And if you do, I welcome you. I need your vote.

LOSER Continuing. Please state your name and your question for Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE My name is James Sheridan. I'm from Hanover.

As you know, Vice President Gore, there's a great deal of cynicism in the country about politics and politicians. The campaign finance system is one source of that, but there are many other sources, including the behavior of the Republican-dominated Congress, but also the behavior of some members of your administration.

What, as president, would you do to restore confidence in the American political system?

WINNER Well, first of all, let me also thank WMUR and CNN and Dartmouth College and all of you for being a part of this. Tipper and I have been spending an awful lot of time in New Hampshire here lately and you've been very hospitable to us and we're very grateful to you.

I understand the disappointment and anger that you feel toward President Clinton, and I felt it myself. I also feel that the American people want to move on and turn the page and focus on the future and not the past.

He's my friend. I took an oath under the Constitution to serve my country through thick and thin, and I interpreted that oath to mean that I ought to try to provide some — as much continuity and stability during the time that you're referring to as I possibly could.

And it was also a time of some real hard fights to keep Social Security on track, to make sure that we expanded health care to more children, to keep the economy going strong, and they're still fights going on for the health care patients' bill of rights.

And if I could answer the question that was posed over here. I would like to have your support for me because I want to fight for you as president and fight for all the people.

And I think campaign finance reform ought to be passed. I think all candidates ought to be open and give out their income tax returns, sources of income.

I favor public financing of elections. I favor the McCain-Feingold bill. I don't accept any PAC money. I strictly abide by the $1,000 limit. And I have the smallest average contribution in the race.

MODERATOR Our next question goes to Mr. Bradley.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, my name is Marlene McGonagle  I live in Meriden, New Hampshire and I work here in Hanover at the public library. My question concerns health care — your health care plan.

I like your proposal, your proposal for child health care, for guaranteed child health care for every child in the United States. My concern is about the cost of the plan. And my question to you is how do you plan to fund it.

LOSER I was out in Iowa a couple months ago and had a conversation in a small roundtable, and a man described symptoms that were obviously colon cancer. And I said, did you see the doctor? He said, no, I can't afford to. I don't have any health insurance.

In this country we ought to be able to cover people with health insurance. There are 45 million people without health insurance this year 1 million more this year than last year.

It is a big problem and it needs a big solution to that problem. So I'm glad that you've looked at the proposal and you see that it covers all children, that it brings many adults who don't have health coverage into the system now, that it provides a drug benefit for the elderly.

And I also am glad that you took a look at what it costs, because I think that a politician that doesn't put out what something costs when he says I want this program or that program — he's just, you know, politically posturing.

Ours will cost between $50 billion and $65 billion a year. It will come either from the surplus. We have a trillion-dollar surplus over the next 10 years, and that's enough to take care of this program. Or it will come through the enormous savings that we can get through the application of technology to the medical system.

We spend $1.2 trillion, health care, 450 billion on administrative costs. By simply moving things from paper to Internet, you will be able to achieve significant savings.

LOSER Please your name and question for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name's Corey Martin, and I live in Hanover. There's been talk tonight about health care reform and I'm a parent of a child who has diabetes. And I spend a lot of time dealing with the insurance companies and what's covered and what's not covered. And it eats up a lot of time and effort.

So I'm wondering if you were to implement health care reforms, who would be the decision-makers? Who chooses what's covered?

WINNER How old is your child, Corey ?

AUDIENCE She's five.

WINNER And do you have an insurance policy?

AUDIENCE Yes. I work at Dartmouth and we've a very good policy.

WINNER Oh, so you have a good policy here.

AUDIENCE Yes, yes. I'm very lucky.

WINNER OK. Very good. You know, we've just had a big increase in research for juvenile diabetes, and I'm hopeful we can find a cure for that and cancer and other diseases. I think the decision-maker ought to be the people who are getting the care. That's why I strongly support an HMO patient bill of rights so that the decisions on specific care are made by doctors and not by faceless bureaucrats who don't have a license to practice medicine and who don't have a right to play God.

That's who I think ought to make the decision.

Now, I think it's also important that we look ahead and answer exactly how we are going to finance the plans, because I paid, obviously, a lot of attention to the exchange over here.

I put out a health care plan that reaches coverage for almost 90 percent of the American people. It gives coverage to 100 percent of all children. The cost is $146 billion over 10 years, and a prescription drug benefit is provided under Medicare for $118 billion over 10 years.

Just today, the respected Emory School of Public Health came out with a nonpartisan analysis of both my plan and Senator Bradley's. and they said that his plan costs $1.2 trillion. That is more than the entire surplus over the next 10 years. We have to look ahead and save some of that surplus for Medicare.

If we wipe out Medicaid and wipe out the chance to save Medicare, and wipe out the surplus, then you might get a few more people in the short run, but you give two thirds of the money to those who already have health insurance, you're going to hurt — you're going to shred the social safety net.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Vice President.

WINNER So I think that the cost is way excessive.

MODERATOR We have another question from this side of the theater, also for Mr. Gore.

AUDIENCE Hello, my name is Bethany Yurick. I'm from Claremont, New Hampshire. My question is for Vice President Gore.

A few years ago I attended a barbecue in my home town where President Clinton and Newt Gingrich shook hands and promised to make meaningful campaign finance reform. But they didn't keep their promise.

Since the process of changing the system remains in the hands of incumbents, how can the American voter force change in this area? And what would you do specifically to advance real reform?

WINNER Thank you. Let me take 10 seconds to finish my last answer. [laughter]

Medicare cannot be an afterthought. The only way to fix Medicare fairly is to set aside 15 to 16 percent of the surplus to do it now. Otherwise you're putting Medicare at risk.

Senator Bradley said in an interview that he would speak to this issue later on. But if you spend the entire surplus on the first campaign proposal, then that does not leave money that should be allocated for Medicare.

Now, I feel very strongly that we have to have campaign finance reform. I support the McCain-Feingold bill. I supported it before it was watered down. I thought the Republican senators attacking John McCain on the floor of the Senate ought to be ashamed of themselves. I think that this is causing serious problems for our democracy.

Twenty years ago, I supported and proposed and co-sponsored in the Congress a bill to provide for public financing of elections. I support that today. Awful hard to get passed. It's hard enough to try to get McCain-Feingold passed.

I follow a higher standard in my campaign. I do not accept any PAC contributions. I strictly abide by the $1,000 contribution limit. I think it's very important to set a higher standard because what I want to do as president — if you elect me president, I promise you I will fight my heart out to get meaningful campaign finance reform and get the influence of big money out of our political system.

LOSER Our next question, please, for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name is Lisa Stanley. I'm from New Durham.

Senator Bradley, continuing, I guess, with this campaign finance reform theme here, I'm also of the opinion that we desperately need it. And I appreciate that you've put forth a major proposal in that regard.

But as a Democrat, sir, would you comment on the behavior of the '96 Clinton-Gore campaign as it relates to fund raising? [laughter]

LOSER I think there were obviously some irregularities that have been addressed. I'm not going to get into the details at this stage of the game, because I want to not only answer your question, but I want to get back to the question that was asked over here. [laughter]

And you asked how is this going to happen. We both have ideas of what should happen no soft money, public financing of elections, free TV time for people in the last six weeks of an election.

How's it going to happen? First, it requires a grassroots movement.

One of the reasons I left the United States Senate was to build a grassroots movement for fundamental campaign finance reform, something called Project Independence. We got over a million signatures across this country. That's not a movement, but it's a beginning.

We need more of that, people's involvement.

Second, people in finance, in business, in religion and in academic life have to step forward and say the current system is not working We demand a change because it's not working for us.

And third, you need a president that is going to make campaign finance reform one of the top three or four or five issues, because he recognizes how it is connected to our ability to insure more Americans, to our ability to reduce child poverty.

From my perspective, there is no issue that is so linked to other issues as campaign finance reform. That's why it is an imperative.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. 

Next question, please, for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE My name is Charlotte Quimby and I'm from Meriden, New Hampshire, and I have a question for Senator Bradley.

In 1975, the United States government mandated legislation ensuring that all children with special needs would receive adequate education. Since that time, the government has funded a very small fraction of that program's costs. That places a terrible burden on small school districts.

If you were elected president, what would be your plan to mobilize funding for special education mandates?

LOSER Well, I think that the federal government made a solemn commitment to fund up to 40 percent of special education. It's not doing that now at all. It has a real impact here in New Hampshire. As you know, some local tax dollars are being spent to cover special ed needs, and that means those tax dollars are not used for the other school needs.

I think that the national government should increase what it spends on special ed, thereby liberating monies that are raised locally to be spent locally on general school needs.

I also believe that we need to look out at the future, and we have to say, what do we have to face in this country in the next decade. We're going to lose 2.2 million teachers, not just special-ed teachers, but teachers.

The key priority is to make sure that there is a good teacher in every classroom. And one of the things that I propose in this campaign is a combination of scholarship and loan forgiveness that would create 60,000 new teachers every year going into urban and rural school districts across this country to help those school districts meet the needs of their students not only the special needs students, but clearly special needs students, but all students.

We can do this. It makes sense, and your children and the children of special needs would be better off because of it. 

LOSER Your question, please, for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Hi, my name is Deidra. I have a question for Vice President Gore. I'm a resident of Lebanon, New Hampshire. I'm also a mother.

And my question is very straightforward How do you plan to end violence in schools? And how will you assure parents our children are going to be safe?

WINNER Tell me about your family.

AUDIENCE I have one daughter, 17 months, and a husband. So it's a small, small family at this time.

WINNER One daughter, 17 months old, and a husband.

AUDIENCE Yes.

WINNER OK. Which one do you have the most trouble with? [laughter]

AUDIENCE Depends.

WINNER First, a brief comment on that last exchange. [laughter]

If the entire surplus is spent and there's no money left over for new initiatives on education, the numbers have to add up. That's important. One of the reasons we have a strong economy now is because we've been able to keep interest rates low, balancing the budget and better, by having fiscal responsibility. So spending more than the entire surplus and then piling on top of that, proposals that may sound great, but for which there's no money, is something that ought to be looked at very, very carefully.

Now on this question, I think probably parents care more about this than anything else. Most schools are safe, but there have been instances — Tipper and I went out to Columbine the Sunday after that tragedy there. We've had meetings with students and parents here in New Hampshire. God bless the family of Amy Boyer, who was just killed last week.

I thought we ought to have zero tolerance for guns in schools, we ought to have more guidance counselors, more psychologists, we ought to ban the assault weapons and the junk guns and the Saturday night specials and get guns out of the hands of the people who shouldn't have them...... and license all new handgun purchasers.

MODERATOR Our next question on this side of the theater for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Mr. Vice President, my name is Benjamin Forrest. I live here in Hanover.

I'd like to change the topic slightly to foreign policy. As you know, in the last 10 years the U.S. has often intervened militarily in other countries, extensively in response to gross violations of human rights. Yet there have been several cases in which the U.S. has refused to act.

What principles would you use to distinguish cases that require U.S. action, and those that do not?

WINNER We're the natural leader of the world. I don't think that's a chauvinist American statement, I think it's a statement of fact. People respect us as Americans because we're a brave people. We try to uphold high values and standards and so the rest of the world does look to us. They want the kind of freedoms and prosperity that we have.

We have to accept that mantle of leadership. And when there is terrible violence in the rest of the world we have to pay careful attention to it.

God bless the people of Armenia today after that terrible tragedy that I am sure some of you saw with the murder of the prime minister there. I must met with him three weeks ago.

I think that we were right to go into East Timor. Bill disagreed with that. I thought that it was the right thing for us to do. I thought we were right in Kosovo and Bosnia.

I think we were tardy, frankly, in Rwanda. Tipper went over there with some of our forces to help those who were suffering in the aftermath of that.

We have to have a national interest. We have to be willing to accomplish the goal. We should have allies to help us. But our national interests should also be defined in terms of our values. And ethnic strife is important to address.

And by the way, we also ought to pay our U.N. dues as a leader of the world. 

LOSER Question for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Hi, Senator Bradley. I'm Joan Spially. I live in Grantham. My question regards the test ban treaty.

We recently saw the Senate reject the ratification of that treaty. I am wondering what your reaction to that vote was and how you would respond to nuclear proliferation issues.

LOSER I'll be glad to answer this, but first I just want to make on clarification. On the cost of the health care plan, we each have our own experts. I dispute the cost figure that Al has used. 

Now, in answer to your question, I think it was a serious loss. I regret it deeply. I think there's no more important issue than the control of nuclear weapons in this world.

I think the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty prevented other countries, if it were signed, from getting nuclear weapons. It also gave us the means through the sensors that would be placed around the world and the on-site inspections that would be available for us to monitor anyone who might be breaking the agreement in any way, or maybe even testing that might take place that we couldn't hear.

I think that it is a major job of the next president of the United States to bring this treaty back to the Senate, and to do so in a way that allows the reasonable people in both parties to understand and move toward a vote in favor of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.

That will take a leadership that is able to engender trust on both sides of the aisle. It will take a leadership that makes the case farsighted enough and works with the Congress well enough to make it happen.

MODERATOR Our next question is also for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, my name is Ingrid Bailey, and I live in Hanover.

Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness have not been fully extended to gays and lesbians in this country. Social justice for these citizens is long overdue. Can't we do better than the military's don't ask, don't tell?

What leadership will you offer to move our national conversation and policies forward?

LOSER Thank you very much for your question.

This is an issue for all of us to think about. I support gays being able to serve openly in the military. If a gay American can serve openly in the White House, in the Congress, in the courts, in the Treasury Department and in the attorney general's office, why can't they serve openly in the U.S. military? It doesn't make sense.

If a gay American can be a bricklayer, a doctor, an athlete, a lawyer, a painter, why can't a gay American be a sergeant and a lieutenant colonel? It does not make sense to me.

I am against all discrimination. I'm against discrimination on the basis of race, gender and sexual orientation, and the place to deal with that is the 1964 Civil Rights Act, adding sexual orientation to the list of protected classes.

I also think that it's important that we can talk about gay Americans and realize that they are our neighbors, they are our bosses. They're no different in many ways than all of us. And we have to get to a time in America where we can see beneath skin color, eye shape or sexual orientation to the individual.

Because that is when we're going to be able to achieve the dignity that I think America stands for. 

LOSER Your question, please, for Vice President Gore.

AUDIENCE I'm Nancy Hayes Kilgore from Plainfield. And my question, Vice President Gore, is also...

WINNER What was your last name? What was your last name?

AUDIENCE Oh, I'm sorry. Nancy Hayes Kilgore.

WINNER Oh, OK. [laughter]

AUDIENCE Close.

WINNER Let me have it. [laughter]

AUDIENCE I liked Senator Bradley's answer, and I know that you've also been an advocate for human rights. Many of us here in New Hampshire care deeply about the rights and the dignity of gay and lesbian people. And recently, across the river, our neighbors in Vermont have been discussing legalizing same-sex marriage. I'm wondering what your thoughts and feelings are about the legalizing of same-sex marriage.

WINNER Bill and I have the same position on that. I'm for domestic partnerships having legal protections, but not the same sacrament, not the same name, because I favor protecting the institution of marriage as it has been understood between a man and a woman. But I think that a partner should have legal protection and contractual rights and health care and the rest.

Now, I also want to pull back and address the broader question, because I thought Bill was very eloquent on that. I think that the story of our country is, in part, an unfolding of the American dream with a deeper meaning in each generation.

It's a mystery how Thomas Jefferson could write the words of our Declaration and own slaves. It's a mystery how the founders in Philadelphia could write our Constitution and not allow women to vote.

But we have taken the inner meaning and power of our founding documents and the spirit of America and breathed new life into them in each new generation. And the time has come for gays and lesbians to be recognized within the circle of human dignity.

Now, this is — this is an issue that is a — is a moral issue. I feel very strongly about it and I will fight for advances in this area.

I have supported the Nondiscrimination Act in the Congress. And frankly, you know, most gay and lesbian leaders, and certainly most civil rights groups leaders, have argued against opening up the 1964 Civil Rights Act...

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President...

WINNER ... and they take the — they prefer the other approach.

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President, thank you. But don't go anywhere, we have another question for you on this side.

WINNER OK.

AUDIENCE Good evening, vice president and Senator Bradley. My name is Frank Johns, I'm from Enfield Center, New Hampshire. And on behalf of the thriving metropolis of Enfield Center, we'd like to welcome...[laughter]...both of you to New Hampshire and taking the time...

WINNER How many people in Enfield Center?

AUDIENCE Oh, probably about 400, I guess, sir. [laughter]

A little change of direction here. I'd like to ask a question that deals with energy conservation, and I'd be interested in your comments on possible federal incentives dealing with organizations, companies, businesses that are building new facilities, or upgrading or retrofitting their processes to make them more energy efficient to reduce the long-term demand and need for our non-renewable energy resources.

WINNER I strongly support it. Some of you may know that a centerpiece of my efforts in public life has been to try to protect the environment much more effectively.

And incidentally, Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson is here in Hanover tonight, having just returned from India where yesterday there was an historic breakthrough with the signing of an agreement between the United States and India that is a major advance in securing their participation in the Kyoto protocol to combat global warming. It may sound like a technical issue, but getting India on board there is a huge advance. And I want to thank Secretary Richardson for the great job that he did.

We, in our country, have a lot of work to do. Global warming is a real problem. Air pollution is a real problem. Water pollution is a real problem. We've got to clean up the toxic waste sites.

And you know, a president of the United States who is committed to cleaning up the environment and fighting for all of the families that now suffer with asthma or other health problems because of a dirty environment — a president can make a huge difference.

Look at the companies who have recently changed their position and agreed to be a part of the solution instead of a part of the problem. And we can give those companies incentives in the form of tax credits, federal purchasing procurement policies.

I have already proposed a package of such incentives to try to speed up the introduction of new technologies for renewable sources of energy that will cut down on pollution, cut down on emissions, help us address the problem of global warming and clean air.

LOSER Our next question. Please give us your name and direct it to Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, my name is Lee Lind. I live in Meriden and I teach engineering her at Dartmouth.

What assurance can you offer that a Bradley administration will do as much as or more than a Gore administration to tangibly foster environmental quality and sustainability?

LOSER I suppose the specific answer is just look at my career in the United States Senate. The League of Conservation Voters put me at something like 85 or 86 over a lifetime, which indicates they saw somebody at work in committees doing the work necessary to improve the environment.

We have two challenges. One is to clean up that which has already been polluted the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the Superfund Cleanup Act. And then second, to protect those areas which have not been polluted from becoming polluted.

There in the Senate I worked on things as diverse as Tongas National Forest in Alaska, the Sterling Forest in New Jersey and New York.

I think that there's a bit of an ethic here, and that is Why is it so important that we preserve our natural world?

And I think each of you living in New Hampshire could understand what I'm about to say, because it's such a beautiful state. And that is you protect the natural world from pollution or you clean up that which has been polluted so that individuals may encounter something that is bigger than they are and lasts longer than they do.

Every time I have some moment on a seashore, or in the mountains, or sometimes in a quiet forest, I think that this is why the environment has to be preserved...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER ... so that people can have this experience. 

MODERATOR Senator, the next question is for you as well. State your name and your question, please.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name is Brent Forrester. I live in Francestown, New Hampshire, and I work at the Mental Health Center of Greater Manchester. This is a question for Senator Bradley.

Senator Bradley, there are currently four million Americans living in the United States with Alzheimer's disease and suffering from its devastating effects. Research has shown that early recognition of memory disorders and psycho-social interventions, such as care-giver support groups, cannot only improve quality of life for these patients and their families, but may also delay more costly nursing home care.

Unfortunately, current community-based programs for such treatment is underfunded. And in addition to this, the service delivery systems that are providing such care are terribly fragmented.

I was wondering what your thoughts were, Senator Bradley, about funding such high-quality home and community-based care for these patients with Alzheimer's disease and their families. Thank you.

LOSER You know, 50 years ago nobody knew there was an Alzheimer's disease. And now we see that that which used to be considered an idiosyncratic characteristic of our grandparents may have, indeed, been Alzheimer's disease.

When I was in the Senate, I worked hard to try to create essentially day-care centers for Alzheimer's patients so care-givers who were so burdened by this, care that has to last every hour of every day, could bring them for a period of time and have a respite from that tremendous responsibility.

I think that it is enormously important that we continue research on Alzheimer's. There are some productive paths developing there. I also think it's important that we try to create a situation where seniors may stay in their homes longer.

One of the things that I've offered as a part of the health care plan was to allow Medicare to pay not only for health, but also for plans that would cover health and provide the social services to people who were in their homes. Now, it wouldn't be quite the special services that an Alzheimer's patient needs, but it would give relief to someone who is caring for an Alzheimer's patient in the home.

LOSER Thank you very much.

Our next question, please, for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name is Heather Hirsch, and I live in Etna, New Hampshire.

I'm a clinical psychologist, and my patients and I have been adversely impacted by managed health care. The insurance companies have really taken a minimalist approach in terms of what they allow for treatment and have really limited mental health benefits, often allowing less than therapists believe are necessary.

What are your views on the limitations of mental health benefits by managed care, and what, if any, would your plans be to address this issue?

WINNER I strongly support a health care patients' bill of rights — an HMO patients' bill of rights. I support moving toward parity in the treatment for mental health as in the same way as physical health. The availability of treatment for diabetes and the availability of treatment for depress or schizophrenia ought to be the same, in my view.

Tipper has — I'm proud of the leadership she's provided on this, and she has — she's worked a long time on this. And I guarantee you I'm committed to it. I...[laughter]...but I feel very — very strongly about it. And on — and I promise you, you give me a chance to roll up my sleeves and go to work on this. This is one that I will — I will fix for you.

Now, I've got a little less than a minute left. I want to tell you a story that I heard recently about three neighbors who died and went to Heaven.

And St. Peter met them at the gate, and he asked the first one What did you do on Earth? And she said I was a doctor, I cured the sick all my life. And St. Peter said Well, come on in to Heaven.

And he asked the second one What did you do on Earth? And he said I was a teacher, I taught children all my life. St. Peter said Well, come on into Heaven.

And he asked the third one What did you do on Earth? And the third one looked a little sheepish and hesitated and finally looked up and said I ran an HMO. [laughter]

So St. Peter hesitated and then said Well, come on in, but you can only stay three days. [laughter and applause]

MODERATOR Question, please, for Senator Bradley.

AUDIENCE Hi, Senator Bradley. My name is David Higherley. I'm from Lyme, New Hampshire. And it's a small community. My son, Alex, is now in kindergarten, and Sarah, my wife, teaches their fourth grade. And I've been involved in education all my life. I was in the Teacher Corps about 20 years ago in Oakland, California.

And now I work in New York City. I do a lot work in the inner city. Things haven't changed. They really haven't. And it's a crisis, but it's now systemic.

Are we just going to get more teachers in? Are we going to do the kind of professional development, sustained action over time to make change, or is it really going to be just more military spending?

I mean, we have smart bombs, that my wife pointed out to me aren't always so smart, but we don't really invest in smart kids. More than the teachers, what are you going to do to really change around the inner-city school?

LOSER You know, 1968, the summer of, I taught at a street academy in Harlem. And people were worried about urban schools then. As you say, not much has happened. I think that we need to apply resources and ingenuity. There's a spirit that has to be behind this, a willingness to experiment, a willingness to try things that might break through where other things haven't.

Early childhood education is critical. Getting people ready to go to school is important. I've laid out a program on child poverty, a part of which is doubling the number of funds available for Head Start. But there's more than just a specific program, or more than the dollars is the spirit behind it.

When FDR was president of the United States and we were in a depression, he said I'm going to try this, I'm going to try that, I'm going to try something else.

But we are going to get out of this depression. And I say to the American people that if I'm president of the United States, when it comes to urban public education, we're going to try this, we're going to try that, we're going to experiment here, experiment there. But we are going to improve urban public education.

It's enough and change has to come. 

LOSER Your question and name please for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Good evening, my name is John Colligan from Hanover, New Hampshire.

Vice President Gore could you discuss education results? What can we do to improve the education of our children? And please don't say "Spend more money."

WINNER You know you're right; it's not just a question of more money. Some of the problems will require more money but it's about standards and accountability and reforms.

I am proud to have the endorsement of the National Education Association, the American Federation of Teachers after taking positions that neither organization had endorsed, pushing the boundaries.

I favor tough teacher testing for new teachers including in the subjects that they teach. Tough peer evaluation for existing teachers.

I think that one of the reasons we do need more teachers is to reduce the class size so there's more one-on-one time between teachers and students who might learn in a different way.

I think that we need to turn around these failing schools in the inner city and elsewhere. I think that we need to focus on school safety as we were talking about before.

I also think that we have got to focus on preschool, because most learning takes place in the first few years of life. We've got to give hope at the other end by opening up access to college education. I think this is absolutely critical.

I proposed a 21st century teacher corps to give $10,000 hiring bonuses to young people who come out of college, get qualified for teaching and go to areas where teachers are needed, and mid-career professionals who are willing to switch careers and get certified.

A lot of teachers who were hired after World War II are now retiring, and we have the biggest generation of school children in history. They've surpassed the baby boom, which I deeply resent incidentally, but they're going to break the record again next year and every year for the next 10 years in a row.

We ought to make the same size commitment in our generation that the World War II vets did in theirs.

Now, one experiment that I don't support is vouchers, and that's one of the areas where we've disagreed for 18 years in the Congress. I think vouchers are a mistake. 

MODERATOR State your name please and your question for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Yes, Mr. Gore. My name is Earl Sweet. I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire. I work here at the college. And a lot of people wanted me to ask you this question and they had it wrote down for me.

In our country, even in the strongest economy in a generation, too many parents work too many works for too little money and get too little respect. Families are paying a price for that. It often seems that companies do not value the people who work for them and make them successful. And the low level of trust most people have in corporate America is truly alarming.

I do not believe there is any single policy or law that will address this.

What will you do as president to provide leadership to get our country working better for everybody, working people as well as CEOs? And not to say take away from Dartmouth College, and this hasn't got anything to do with them...[laughter]...but basically, I've had a lot of people...

WINNER Are you unionized, Earl?

AUDIENCE I am the president of the local here.

WINNER OK, all right. [laughter and applause]

AUDIENCE Matter of fact, she was just with my people — AFL-CIO. I'm a vice president in this area.

WINNER Thank you very much. Thank you. That's an important position incidentally.

OK. Thank you for asking that question.

You know, I have talked with so many working parents here in New Hampshire who are really stressed out trying to balance work and family. It's hard.

You may have seen the study that came out in the news media a few weeks ago about how Americans are now the hardest working people on Earth. The average two-parent working family is now working 500 hours a year more, than just a generation ago. There's been a quadrupling of single-parent families. And the single parents, God bless them, are doing a wonderful job. But often they are simply exhausted and they need somebody fighting for them to make their lives better.

I want to raise the minimum wage. I want to expand the earned income tax credit. I want to expand the Family and Medical Leave Act.

Tipper and I met a couple in a hospital whose child was seriously injured. Both of them lost their jobs because they chose to be with their child instead of staying at work.

They ought to — you also ought to have the right to go to parent-teacher meetings and doctors appointments. It ought to be easier to balance work and family.

I feel that it's also important to provide child care. We need to expand high quality, accessible child care in this country. We ought to have after-school care in every community.

And for families that are dealing with seniors, like the gentleman who asked about Alzheimer's, I propose a national network of family care-giving support centers and a tax credit for those who are providing long-term care. It's a terrible burden.

And I would say more, but the time's up.

LOSER Please your question for the senator.

AUDIENCE Senator Bradley, I'm Scottie Eliason from Lyme, New Hampshire. And I'd like to ask you to elaborate a little more on the reasons that you left the Senate and why the time is right now for you to come back into national politics.

LOSER Thank you very much.

I left the Senate because there were things I wanted to do that I couldn't do if I was in the Senate. I had 18 wonderful years there. But it was time for me to move on.

I left to try to understand more clearly where economy was headed in terms of technological change and globalization, to build the grassroots movement for campaign finance reform, which I talked about earlier, to find new ways to promote racial unity in this country.

I worked in the private sector. I taught at Stanford and Notre Dame. I was the head of the National Civic League. I ran Project Independence.

I engaged outside of Washington in the dialogue with the American people about where they saw their lives and where they'd like to take this country.

And after doing that for two years, I made the decision that I thought that I was the person that could improve the quality of life for millions of Americans, that the ability matched the national moment, and therefore, I was going to step forward and run for president of the United States for very clear reasons.

I don't think I'd be running for president of the United States had I not taken those two years, had I not been able to get outside and work in the private sector, encounter people where they live their lives on an everyday basis and develop a sense of where I think we ought to take the country.

And I concluded that if you're going to do this, you ought to deal with the big problems. And you ought to have big solutions to big problems, because that's what America's all about. It's about dreaming and being able to fulfill those dreams.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. 

Our next question goes to the vice president.

AUDIENCE Yes, sir. Thank you very much. I'm Keith Owen from Enfield, New Hampshire. And my question to you, sir, is, what is the biggest mistake you have made in your political career? And how have you changed as a result of it?

WINNER There's so many to choose from. [laughter]

If I was going to pick one right off the bat — everybody hates to get that question, you know. If I was going to pick one right off the bat, I would say that my biggest mistake was in my choice of words when I claimed to have taken the lead in the Congress in creating the Internet. [laughter] I — and I've had an opportunity to talk about that. I'm proud of what I did in that area, incidentally.

Because there was a little network called DARPANET in the Pentagon, and I did take the lead in the Congress in providing funding for the people who created what later became the Internet held hearings, got the money through the process and tried to proselytize the idea of an information superhighway.

You know, I'm not proud of what I did to try to take too much credit for it, but I'm proud of what I did to further that goal and bring it along.

You know, we probably learn more from our mistakes than from our successes. And in the last six or eight weeks, I've had a learning experience out there in New Hampshire and in Iowa. And I would like to take this opportunity to just formally thank the people of New Hampshire for telling me about your dreams and hopes for the future of this country. It has been a great lesson for me. I really do appreciate it.

LOSER Senator Bradley, a question on this side.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name's Colleen King from Lebanon, New Hampshire.

In his answer to an earlier question, Vice President Gore indicated that you did not agree with our involvement in Kosovo, Bosnia and the most recent crisis.

Unknown Male No. It was just East Timor.

AUDIENCE OK. East Timor. I'm sorry. I was afraid I might misquote you.

I would like you to expound upon that please.

LOSER Well, actually, I feel that our involvement in East Timor, the way we did it, was appropriate.

And I think that it's maybe even an example of where future involvements could head.

We have 32 ethnic wars in the world today. There's no way that we have the resources or the wisdom to be involved in all 32 ethnic wars in the world. What we need to do is we need to find ways of using multilateral institutions, like the U.N., regional institutions, like NATO or in Southeast Asia, to deal with problems where we play a part of that. We don't take the full responsibility, but we play a part.

And I think in East Timor what happened was that, pursuant to U.N. approval, we helped with logistics in making sure that a force got in there to stop the violence that was taking place and to oversee.

I think that's an important example of how we can proceed in this area in the future. It doesn't mean that you never deploy forces. But it means that if you do deploy forces, the national interest has to be clearly at stake and has to be consistent with values. And if we're talking about the smaller areas, that it would be better to work through multilateral institutions.

MODERATOR Our next question is actually to both candidates, and we'll take Mr. Gore first.

AUDIENCE Thank you. I'm Tom Bridges from Hanover. And this is a question not about policies, but about what you see as the essence of leadership. You've both had the opportunity to see national and international leaders up close.

What do you think characterizes those whose leadership is most effective, and how does your own approach to leadership relate to that?

WINNER What the television audience doesn't know is that before this started here on camera, we decided to fill up the time by taking some questions from the audience, and so we've actually heard pretty much this question before and I'll give the answer that I gave before.

I think that a president must have a vision of the future that is compelling enough to bring people into a common effort to bring it to pass. I care very deeply about what happens to this country in the future.

A president is the only person in our constitutional system who has the responsibility to fight for the welfare and well-being of all of our people. Senators and congressmen have constituency groups, and they look to the national interest, but a president is charged with fighting for all the people. That's what I want to do; to bring into being a vision of a bright future for our country, and I've been talking about it during this campaign.

Secondly, I think that a leader, and especially a president, has to articulate clear goals that are achievable, rank them in priority order, and rally people around those goals.

And third, I think that a president has to assert values, and elevate those values so the people buy into them and base their decisions on those values. I think Abraham Lincoln was the finest example of that trait. I think that Franklin Roosevelt was the finest example of articulating a vision of how we could get through the Depression...

MODERATOR Mr. Vice President...

WINNER ...and win World War II.

WINNER And I think that Lyndon Johnson was good on setting the goals.

MODERATOR We're going to give Senator Bradley a chance to respond.

LOSER Well, I think there are three values that are important that a leader has to have.

One is absolute integrity — honesty and integrity. And there I think of Jimmy Carter.

Second, I think that a leader has got to have the ability to see around the corners, to see the future before it's here. I think Woodrow Wilson had that. What he talked about America became America in the 20th century.

And next, I think a leader has to have courage. Example of that, I would pick somebody who's not an American, Mikhail Gorbachev, who saw that the world was change, and had the courage to make that change.

I think leaders, wherever they are in the world, need those three qualities if they're going to be world-class leaders.

LOSER A question for the vice president.

AUDIENCE Good evening. My name's Bruce Curtis McLain. I live in Hanover. And I'm a teacher at Hanover High School right down the street.

Mr. Vice President, one of the things that concerns me most, in talking to my students and hearing them talk, is a continuing feeling of cynicism towards public service, the idea that politics is a dirty word, that government is the problem. I think we've come a long way, but I think — in our entertainment and in so many of the anecdotes that I hear even young people talking today there's still that attitude.

And I would like to hear you answer this, and I hope Senator Bradley could tag on to it too. What would you like me to say to my students?

WINNER What age group do you teach, Bruce?

AUDIENCE High school 9th grade through 12th grade.

WINNER I know how they feel. When I came back from Vietnam, I was as disillusioned as anybody you have ever met. I had watched my father be defeated for re-election in 1970 to the Senate because he fought for civil rights and was opposed to the Vietnam War.

I saw and felt the pressures of that period pulling at the seams of our country. I came home and watched Watergate unfold with the examples or corruption, and worse, at the highest levels of our government. I thought politics would be the absolute last thing I ever did with my life.

I was a journalist for seven years. I asked my editors not to assign me to any political stories. But after a couple of years, I was promoted to cover city hall and I saw how people became heroes in the community by rolling up their sleeves and trying to make things better, and I was drawn toward that.

And I would like to work hard — if you will elect me president, I will work hard to communicate that spirit, that American spirit to young people and Americans of all ages. I think we have to have campaign finance reform. I think all candidates ought to be open and disclose everything.

I think that we ought to have high values in our leaders. I think it's critically important that we conduct campaigns in a way that will elevate our democracy and draw people toward it.

That's one reason why I would like to have a debate every week on a different issue.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. We are going to bring our program to a close at this point. We do want to thank Dartmouth College, the voters of New Hampshire, and the candidates who joined us here tonight.

WINNER Could I say one more word? I would like to stay, if anybody has other questions, I will stay after the TV cameras are turned off and as long as you want. [laughter]

MODERATOR That's your cue.

LOSER OK. Thank you.

Well, there's only time for me to say that tomorrow night on this stage Judy Woodruff and Tom Griffith will host the Republican town meeting at 800 p.m. Eastern Time.

Thank you very much. Good night from Hanover, New Hampshire. 