MODERATOR Good evening, and welcome to the headquarters of the Los Angeles Times. We are here in the Harry Chandler Auditorium. This is the 12th time the Republican presidential candidates have met, and the last time they will answer questions before they compete in their 13 crucial primaries across the country next Tuesday.

We want to thank the Los Angeles Times for co-sponsoring this event, which will last 60 minutes, and for which the candidates' staffs have agreed to a few simple rules. The candidates will have one minute to answer each question and 30 seconds to answer a follow-up. The questions will come from our panelists and from me. A draw determined the order of the first round of questions, and we begin with Governor Bush and Jeff Greenfield — Jeff.

Greenfield Governor, since Republicans are going to decide who gets the delegates here and in New York, let me channel the question from an undecided Republican. You and Senator McCain are both conservatives. Your policy differences don't seem matters of life and death. You have both been elected and reelected in your home states and you both say, according to the surveys, you'll get the lion's share of the Republican vote, whichever of you is the nominee. But Senator McCain has shown an ability the get independents and Democrats. And if the surveys are right, they'll stay with him in the fall if he is the nominee, but not with you. So unless there is a reason why Senator McCain is unacceptable as a Republican, why shouldn't I go, as an undecided Republican, with a clearly more electable candidate?

WINNER Well, I disagree with that presumption that independents are going to stay only with him. What America is looking for is someone to set a hopeful vision future; what America wants is somebody to speak clearly about education; what America is looking for is somebody who is going to strengthen the military to keep the peace; what Americans are worried about is the high tax burden on the working people; what America is looking for is somebody who has been a proven leader, somebody who has set an agenda, somebody who has risen above politics when given the chance to be the chief executive officer, and that's my record in the state of Texas, Jeff.

People are looking for a fresh start after a season of cynicism in Washington, D.C. I want to consolidate our Republican Party. I am going to energize the party, like I have been doing in the primaries. And when I become the nominee, I am going to reach out to get Democrats and independents. It has been my record in the state of Texas and it will be my record as the nominee of the Republican Party.

Greenfield But just to follow up, is there a reason why a Republican voter should think that Senator McCain is somehow unacceptable as a Republican nominee? or are you just saying, you would be better?

WINNER No, I think, you know, I like Alan Keyes and John, I just would be a better candidate. I am a person who, when given the responsibility of being the chief executive officer of a state, I have performed. Our test scores are up in the state of Texas for African-American students and Hispanic students. I reformed our tort laws and premiums are down on small businesses in my state. We reformed welfare, but also confronted suffering, which remains by rallying faith-based organizations. I have got a record, a record that is conservative and a record that is compassionate.

MODERATOR All right, the next question for John McCain from Doyle McManus.

Doyle McManus, Los Angeles Times Senator McCain, I want to ask you, in a sense, the flip side, the mirror image of Jeff's question to Governor Bush.

Earlier this week, you called Pat Robertson and other leaders of the Christian conservative movement "agents of intolerance." A little later you even called them "evil," although you explained that was a joke. But you do sound as if you have kind of declared war on a large portion of your own party, and it's a portion whose supporters make up a large part of the electorate, including here in California.

So what I want to ask you is, can you win the general election in November without the votes of Christian conservatives? If you win the nomination, aren't they likely to stay home or perhaps even vote for Patrick Buchanan?

LOSER Well, I don't think so, Doyle. I think the fact is that I have rejected the leadership of these two individuals. They have led our party in the wrong direction. We have lost the last two presidential elections. We have lost the last two congressional elections. The message of intolerance and exclusion rather than inclusion is directly in contradiction to the message that I have been trying to send around America and that is Come to our proud, conservative banner. We will reform the government. We'll give it back to you.

But ours is a message of inclusion. Ours is a message that says Come take part in this noble experiment. This is the greatest opportunity that America has had. And I want all of you there. And that's the Ronald Reagan-Theodore Roosevelt-Abraham Lincoln tradition. And I am positive that Christian conservatives all over America will flock to that banner. They will desert, I hope, the intolerant and wrong-headedness of Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson.

McManus Now, senator, as you know, the way the rules work is that you could win the popular vote in California and other states, but end up with no delegates because in many states only Republican votes will count. Now, you just mentioned Theodore Roosevelt, your political hero. In 1912, Theodore Roosevelt walked out of the Republican convention. He said, "Thou shalt not steal." He walked out to protest the rules that had been put there by the party establishment.

If you end up in Philadelphia with a big popular vote, but a minority of the delegates, are you going to follow the example of Theodore Roosevelt?

LOSER I would love to follow the example of Theodore Roosevelt. He's my ultimate hero. But in this particular example, no, I am a loyal Republican. The Republican Party is my home.

What I want to do is lead the Republican Party back, back to where we were before, back when Ronald Reagan was able to assemble a coalition of the people we used to call the Reagan Democrats, proud conservatives who shared our vision for the future of this country. And that's really what I am trying to do with this party. I am loyal no matter who our nominee is, I will support that nominee.

MODERATOR Time.

Next question for Alan Keyes.

Mr. Ambassador, a central target of your campaign has been what you called the moral crisis gripping this country. And yet, all independent surveys show, over the last six, seven, eight years, the abortion rate is down, teen pregnancy rate is down, welfare rolls are down, violent crime rate is down. Now, granted, none of these are acceptable. They're all too high. But my question is, given all of these trends, are you prepared to give the current administration some credit for these very clear improvements?

LOSER Not at all. Not at all because most of those improvements came as a result of the work of governors and Republican mayors like Rudolph Giuliani. I may not agree with him on everything, but I sure think he cleaned up crime in New York to such an extent that, by itself, New York's drop in the crime rate has accounted for part of the drop in the national crime rate, as everybody knows. So, no, you don't give to a shameless, lying, oath-breaking president any kind of credit for an improvement in the nation's moral atmosphere which he has polluted with his lack of integrity, and which the Democrats have polluted by circling the wagons around that lack of integrity.

As a matter of fact, I think that that issue is going to be the issue on which Republican victory depends in the fall. In a booming economy, such as the one we have, it is highly unlikely that we're going to defeat the Democrats on the basis of some economic arguments and things of that kind. But we will be able to defeat them if we drive home the point that that betrayal of this nation's moral heart wasn't the result of Bill Clinton's foibles. It's the result of the fact that the Democrats...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...have betrayed the basic moral principles of this nation's life.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, if a president matters, and I assume that you believe he does, why did all of these indices go down during a Democratic administration, albeit not enough, while they went up during previous Republican administrations?

LOSER Well, you make a wrong assumption. I don't think the president does matter that much. I am running for the office of president not because I think his power matters, but because I think the abuses of power that have undermined the position of Americans control of money, control of schools, control of their lives. It is the American people that have produced this booming economy. It is people who have come to their senses and started in their churches, and neighborhoods, and schools pushing abstinence programs and marriage counseling. They're the ones who have achieved this turnaround, not politicians. I know the politicians like to hog the credit.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER But it's the people who have made the change.

MODERATOR All right. The next question for Senator McCain.

Senator, up until the South Carolina primary, there's no record that I can find of your criticizing either Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell or the religious right. In fact, you appeared on the 700 Club back in 1995. In the last session of Congress, you had a hundred percent rating from the Christian Coalition. You have been consistently supportive of most of their agenda against abortion, against funding for the arts, against including sexual orientation in hate crimes, for school prayer, for the constitutional amendment to outlaw flag burning. My question is, isn't your denunciation three days ago more politically motivated? And does it speak in a more political connotation than the support that you have given these groups for so many years?

LOSER Well first of all, I share their values and their goals of the rank and file of the so-called Christian right. As I have said, I am a proud conservative with a strong conservative record in the tradition of Ronald Reagan and Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln. And I am proud of that record. I am proud that I have been one who has supported many of the issues that have to do with family values.

Where I have differed in the past and continue to differ with Mr. Falwell and Mr. Robertson is on issues such as the issue of President Clinton. I voted to impeach President Clinton. I don't believe he's a murderer. Mr. Falwell believes that he's a murderer. Mr. Robertson has espoused some cockamamie theories about the Freemasons. I believe that they have led the — some very good and wonderful people in a message of intolerance. We share the same values, but their practice of politics is exclusionary and not inclusionary. I want the party of Abraham Lincoln, not the party of Bob Jones.

MODERATOR Senator, you called Governor Bush a "Pat Robertson Republican." Are you saying that you believe that Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell would play an active role in a Bush administration?

LOSER I have no idea, but I know that they actively supported him. I know that they made phone calls on his behalf which accused a good and decent man, Warren Rudman, of being a bigot, a vicious bigot and many other things.

But look, those phone calls were made, they are done. I'm interested in the issues of the day and stop the squabbling and address the issues of education, health care, the military and others that are important to the future of this country.

MODERATOR All right. Next question, Jeff Greenfield.

Greenfield Senator McCain, let's talk about education for a minute. Under your proposal, as I understand it, you favor vouchers to give parents an alternative to the public school system. You talk about taking the money from vouchers from pork barrel. But you leave it to the states to decide whether to use standardized tests to see when parents can bail out. Now the teachers' unions, the public school teachers' unions whose power you deplore, given their power at the state and local level, wouldn't it make sense to have federal mandates for these tests to insulate these states from the power of the teachers' unions?

LOSER Well, I think you would agree with that if you believed that the power of the teachers' unions cannot be broken. The power of the teachers' unions in my state of Arizona fought tooth and nail against charter schools, yet we prevailed. And the best schools in my state happen to be charter schools.

I believe that it's a serious mistake to allow some bureaucrat in Washington to decide about the standards to be set by the people of the state of Arizona. We have a wonderful state superintendent of education. Her name is Lisa Graham Keegan. I think she's perfectly capable, as are the parents and the teachers, to be able to make those decisions. I want those decisions made not by some Washington bureaucrat but by somebody who knows my children's names. And that's all got to do with local and parental control.

Greenfield To follow up...

LOSER Sure.

Greenfield ... some of your critics have said that while you're very strong in the area of foreign policy, domestic policy may be another story. With education in the forefront of so many Americans' minds, look back, if you would, on your 18 years in Congress and the House and Senate and tell us what is your most important contribution in the field of education?

LOSER Probably in leading the effort in my — being involved in the effort in my state for reform in many areas, supporting various education programs, a member of the Education Committee in the House of Representatives years ago and being part of those efforts as well, using the bully pulpit in favor of the examples that are set in my state and by other reformers in the school system in America — I mean, that are reformers of the school system in America.

I'm glad to have been involved in the — in the military to teachers' programs...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...where people who leave the military can become teachers if they're qualified to do so.

MODERATOR Doyle McManus.

McManus Governor Bush, my question for you is about guns. Over the years, you have opposed requiring...

WINNER Not about education, but go ahead.

McManus I'm sure you'll get your chance.

WINNER Good.

McManus But over the years, you've opposed requiring gun manufacturers to include trigger locks or similar safety devices on the new guns they sell. You've said it ought to be just voluntary. And Senator McCain, I think, has disagreed with you on that. Now in view of all the recent tragedies we've had of children getting a hold of guns and killing other children — just this week down to 6 years of age — what's wrong with requiring trigger locks on new guns?

WINNER I don't mind trigger locks being sold, Doyle, but the question is how do we enforce it? Are we going to have trigger lock police knock on people's doors saying show me your lock? I have no problem — 80 percent of the guns sold today have trigger locks with them, and I think that's fine. I think there needs to be laws that say that if a parent is irresponsible and a child ends up with a weapon, the parent ought to be held accountable. I think laws on the books — I signed such a law in Texas. We ought to enforce those kinds of laws. I think we ought to have instant background checks where guns are sold. I know we need to enforce law, and I believe that's the best gun-control policy there is. Law-abiding citizens should be allowed to protect themselves and their families, I believe. I think that's...

McManus Now...

WINNER I think that's in 

McManus Now on trigger locks, Governor, the law that's being proposed wouldn't have a trigger lock police out there, it would be imposed on the manufacturer at the factory...

WINNER Well, that's fine.

McManus ...That's pretty easy to endorse, but...

WINNER There's nothing...

McManus ...it's a requirement that you haven't supported until now. Have...

WINNER I don't mind trigger locks being sold with guns. I just don't understand how you're going to enforce it. I think the ultimate solution is for guns — smart guns to be manufactured that require a certain hand print in order for the gun to be used. I think that's hopefully where society is headed. But I have no problem with trigger locks being sold, Doyle. What I have a problem with is figuring out how you're going to enforce whether or not somebody is actually using the trigger lock on the gun in the first place. Now we have passed a law in my state that says if a adult is irresponsible in securing that gun and a child uses it...

MODERATOR Time.

WINNER ...then the adult ought to be held accountable.

MODERATOR Jeff Greenfield?

Greenfield Ambassador Keyes, this campaign has been surrounded by a lot of talk about religion, so let me broaden it out. Article Six of the Constitution flatly says that there shall be no religious test ever required as a qualification to any office. That's a prohibition on the government. But as an individual matter, if a candidate for office professed to believe in no religion at all, do you think that would be a good and sufficient reason, a justifiable reason, not to vote for that candidate?

LOSER Actually, I have to confess that I think it's kind of an irrelevant question at one level, because...[laughter]...No, seriously, the — first of all, that prohibition against religious tests was for the national government, just as the First Amendment was intended to make sure that at the national level there would be no established religion in America. The specious doctrine of separation as developed by liberal judges in the last 40, 50 years which extended that doctrine to the states through a perverted interpretation of the 14th Amendment is simply wrong and has been interfering, in fact, with the free exercise of religion in this country at all levels.

At the time that amendment was put in place, there were religious tests in most of the states in that country. The founders couldn't possibly have meant for that amendment to eliminate those tests, and in fact it was worded in such a way as to make sure the federal government did not interfere.

As for the question of somebody's religious views, I follow Christ, you know, by their fruits ye shall know them. And I will judge an individual according to those fruits, because I think they are the best indication of heart...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...not professions, but actions and results.

Greenfield Let me follow up with another perhaps irrelevant question. Suppose...[laughter]...Suppose a candidate believed that as a matter of deeply held religious faith that while he respected other faiths, his faith was the one road to salvation. Would those of other faiths be justified in voting against him?

LOSER Again, I'd say that's a question that everybody has to make. That's why everybody gets into the voting booth in privacy and votes their own conscience. And it's not an issue that I think we have to discuss. People will apply those tests for their own vote that they believe are appropriate. And I think that that's the way it ought to be left, and not I or anybody else should try to dictate or influence that. I do think it's important to remember one thing, though, that this nation was founded on the principle that all men are created equal and endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights. That means that America...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...must believe in God.

MODERATOR The next question for Governor Bush.

And, Governor, I want to give you a chance to speak up on education, but while we're on the subject of religion there is a religion question I want to pose to you.

You have apologized this week to Cardinal O'Connor of New York for not taking on the anti-Catholicism at Bob Jones University when you were there. And yet, there is, as you know, a long-standing anti-Catholic strain among Southern fundamentalists and evangelists — evangelicals, I'm sorry. Billy Sunday, for example, waged a holy war against Al Smith as long ago as 1928. Many people opposed John F. Kennedy when he was running for president. Fundamentalists have long charged that loyalty to the pope, to the Virgin Mary, means that they're not really Christians. My question is, were you unaware of this history when you made the decision to go to Bob Jones?

WINNER You know, when I went to Bob Jones, I followed a long tradition of both Republican and Democratic candidates that went to lay out their vision. Ronald Reagan went to Bob Jones, my dad went to Bob Jones. Bob Dole, the Democrat governor from South Carolina the week before. I talked about bringing people together so America can achieve its greatness. I talked about lifting the spirit and the soul of this country. I regret I did not speak out against that school's anti-Catholic bias. I missed an opportunity. I make no excuses. I make no excuses. I was on one of those talk shows one Sunday morning and the talk show host said, you know, one of the Joneses' referred to my dad in a very impolite way. I didn't — I wasn't aware of that. But I missed — what I regret is somebody ascribing to me opinions and views that are not my views, calling me an anti-Catholic bigot is not right.

MODERATOR Time.

WINNER It...

MODERATOR But you don't regret having gone there?

WINNER No, I don't regret going to many places, but I do regret guilt by association in politics. I do regret people labeling me for somebody I'm not. I have got a record of inclusion in the state of Texas. I have got 50 percent of the Hispanic vote in my state because I have reached out to people from all walks of life.

When I talk about education, I talk about the education of everybody in my state of Texas. What I regret is the politics of smearing somebody's reputation. That's what I regret and I don't appreciate it one bit. And the good news is, Catholics from all around the country are coming to my defense and I am grateful for that.

LOSER Judy, I think I need my 30 seconds.

MODERATOR All right, we do have an agreement among the candidates that if there is a — an attack...

WINNER Well, I didn't attack Senator McCain.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, I think we're going to — we do have a disagreement, but I think we're going to wait for you to have your next turn and then you can comment if you would like.

LOSER Yes, OK.

MODERATOR Doyle McManus has a question.

McManus Well, Senator McCain, I'll give you your turn right now, but let me frame it strangely enough as a question about foreign policy. [laughter] We'll see how you can make the move.

LOSER All right.

McManus During this campaign, sir, you've talked about something that you have called "rogue state rollback" which means, as I understand it, arming and paying for rebel armies in countries like Iraq to overthrow governments that we don't like. Now, if we go ahead with that policy, and we start paying and arming and training and encouraging people to attack a strong government, they may get into trouble. If there's an insurrection in Iraq, they're on the ground, they're fighting Saddam Hussein, but they need just a little bit of help to get there and if we don't help them they may get wiped out, will we have a moral obligation under your policy to send American armed forces to help those folks out?

LOSER Doyle, I think you have made a very narrow interpretation of what I call rogue state rollback, and that means that you do whatever you can, whether it be the use of propaganda, whether it be used to organize groups outside the country, whether it be arming and training and equipping, depending on what the possibilities are. And by the way, the Congress of the United States three years ago passed the Iraqi Liberation Act which calls for basically exactly the same thing, so I am sure that was taken into consideration then. No, this is an attempt to avoid U.S. military involvement.

We do what we can to overthrow these countries which pose a clear and present danger to the security of the United States of America — clearly, Saddam Hussein. If you read any periodical, including the L.A. Times, will tell you that he is attempting to acquire weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them. That's a direct threat to the United States' national security.

So you really kind of have two choices you react militarily, risking American lives, or do you try to overthrow that government, which is by the way, according now to existing laws. I would support such...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER Thank you.

McManus Senator, just to clarify that one more step, though, history does tell us that when we go out and try to overthrow another government it often reacts by sponsoring more terrorism or in some other unpredictable way. Now you have never listed which states you're talking about. Does this include Iraq, Iran and North Korea, which has missiles and weapons already? Are you willing to go in there and poke a stick through those bars and see what comes back at you?

LOSER I accept the fundamental principle, Doyle, that they pose a threat to the United States' national security. When North Korea tests a three-stage missile over Japan, they pose a threat, and when there's transfer of technology which allows nations to acquire these weapons of mass destruction, they are a threat. I am willing to explore all options, all options to prevent that threat from ever being realized. And clearly those are countries that threaten our security and this administration has conducted a feckless photo-op foreign policy for which the next president of the United States may pay a very heavy price in American blood and treasure.

MODERATOR Time.

All right, Doyle, you have the next question as well.

McManus Ambassador Keyes, if you'll allow me to switch subjects, we are in Los Angeles. This is the capital of the world's entertainment industry, and a lot of Americans worried about the texture of our culture, the civil morality point their finger at Hollywood.

If you were the president of the United States, a few moments ago you said it wasn't that big a job, it wasn't a job that could do everything. But what specifically would you do to stop what many feel is the coarsening of our culture? What actions would you take?

LOSER I think the most important way to stop the coarsening of our culture is to return that culture to its basic moral principle. I think the most incredible coarsening of American life occurs when we sanction things like abortion, which are basically on the argument that might makes right, because the mother has absolute power over the child, she can dispose of the child's life according to her will. That notion that you do what you can get away with, that you go after anything that's successful, that you make your profits exploiting human lust, greed and whatever effects it might have on the decency of a society you go forward, that is what is destroying us.

So I think the first thing we better do is get the house in order of the government itself, so that in decisions like this, that turn their back on our fundamental principle of moral character, we go back home to the principle that our rights come from God and must be exercised with respect for the authority of God. Having established that foundation we can reintroduce a proper understanding of the limits and constraints upon freedom that we inculcate with moral education in order to produce people in all these walks of life...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...that will have greater respect for our moral decency.

McManus I think I understand your framework. I didn't hear a lot of specific actions, though. The president appoints members of the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC has the ability to regulate television. Some conservatives have proposed yanking licenses from stations and networks if they don't follow a ratings system. Would you favor that kind of measure?

LOSER I would be willing to look at approaches that were going to hold people accountable for their respect for public decency. After all, the licensing process is a process that throughout its existence has been understood to be based upon a respect for the needs and requirements of the public and the obligations that those holding licenses have to the public. I don't think that, that would be a change, but only perhaps a renewal of the kind of understanding that we have always had of that licensing process.

In the end, though, I think moves in the direction of government censorship are no substitute for the willingness of our citizens to do what they ought to do...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...which is police the use of their money and their time to withdraw support from those who are destroying our moral fabric.

MODERATOR Next question for Governor Bush.

Governor, you've said that if China were to forcefully impose its rule over Taiwan, you would see to it, in effect, that the United States came to the defense of Taiwan. In so doing, you departed from a long-standing policy of the United States of ambiguity in such a situation, leaving ambiguous what the United States would do. Are we then to assume that you as president would commit U.S. forces to defend Taiwan?

WINNER No, what the Chinese need to assume is that if they violate the one-China policy, the long-standing one-China policy which has clearly said that the United States expects there to be a peaceful resolution between China and Taiwan, if they decide to use force, the United States must help Taiwan defend itself. Now, the Chinese can figure out what that means, but that's going to mean a resolute stand on my part.

It's important for the Chinese to recognize that we — our relationship is going to change from one of strategic partner to one of competitor, but competitors can find areas of agreement such as in trade. But when it comes to violating the one-China policy, the Chinese must hear loud and clear that we will help China — I mean, Taiwan defend itself.

MODERATOR The other side of that question, Governor, is what would you do if Taiwan were to declare independence, and as president, would you take steps to discourage them from doing that?

WINNER I would hope Taiwan would also hear the call that a one-China policy is important for the peaceful resolution of the dispute between China and Taiwan. Taiwan must be told by our country that the one-China policy has — I mean, reminded by our country that the one-China policy has allowed this country to — Taiwan to develop into a market-oriented economy and to a flourishing democracy. It has worked, and the role of the United States is to use our prestige in the world to make sure the one-China policy remains intact.

MODERATOR Jeff Greenfield.

Greenfield Senator McCain, it's often been said that when potential presidents speak every word weighs a ton. On occasion, by your own testimony, you have had an occasion to use humor and sometimes it doesn't always go over so well, but today William Bennett — though I think I am paraphrasing what you have said in the past — but today, William Bennett, the former education secretary, the prominent conservative who came very close to endorsing you a few days ago, called some of your comments irresponsible and intemperate. He talks about an emerging pattern with you in which — and this is a quote — "you portray those with whom you disagree as not just wrong, but wicked." And he add, "those who have been drawn to the McCain campaign, now have cause to worry."

Now is the temperament, not temper, of a potential president fair game? And should yours be a source of worry?

LOSER Well, I don't think it should be a source of worry. But anything is fair game, as I have found out during this campaign. The fact is, I respect Bill Bennett's views. He has criticized me on several times in the past, and I am sure that criticism has been constructive.

Look, I have been in this campaign for 14 months now. I believe that I have conducted it with honor, with dignity, and in a way that has made me and the people surrounding me proud. That's why we have attracted so many young people, so much enthusiasm to our banner, so many people who have never been involved in politics before. Enthusiasm and the commitment to young people show that my message and my temperament and my view and my vision for the future of the country is something that they're able to look up to, respect, admire, and be part of. We're changing the face of politics in America, and I am very proud of this campaign and the way we've all conducted it.

Greenfield On a related and more specific matter, I guess, you had a couple — about a week or so ago repeatedly denied that your campaign was the source of these calls from the so-called "Catholic Voter Alert," and then said Well, it was because you thought you were being asked about calls that were about anti-Catholic bigotry, and that's not what those calls said. But is there any reason why your campaign didn't say This is the McCain campaign calling, instead of a non-existent group. Was that straight talk?

LOSER I think it was straight talk because I wanted to tell people exactly what Governor Bush had done. I did not accuse him of being an anti-Catholic bigot. It did not say anything except he was there and waited three weeks before he repudiated it. But the fact is, that that was a factual and fair statement and one that I stand by, unlike many of the phone calls that are being made as we speak, and the negative ads that are being broadcast all over television.

But I am not here to squabble about that. I am here to talk about the issues that are important for the day.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER And that's why I am proud of this campaign. And I stand by the words in that message.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, you have an opportunity to respond, 30 seconds.

WINNER Yeah, I appreciate that. I — if you don't think those phone calls labeled me an anti-Catholic bigot, then you weren't paying attention to what your campaign was putting out, I guess. Because the clear message was, I was an anti-Catholic bigot. That's why people all over the country are wondering about my heart for a while.

The good news is that America rejects that kind of politics. The good news is, we put that behind us in 1960 with John Fitzgerald Kennedy and Catholic leaders all across the country are coming to my defense.

MODERATOR Jeff, you have the next question?

Greenfield Governor Bush, after Governor Ryan of Illinois declared a moratorium on the death penalty because 13 prisoners on death row were released after DNA evidence, you expressed confidence that all of the 121 executions under your watch had been fair.

But just yesterday, a prisoner in Texas on death row, a man named Calvin Berdene, I think it's pronounced, was released from prison after a federal judge found that his lawyer had slept through much of the trial. Remarkably, the Texas Criminal Court of Appeals had upheld that conviction, and state prosecutors missed a four-month deadline for granting him a new trial. Press reports say that the idea of lawyers sleeping through death penalty cases is common enough that it's — there's a phrase for that in Texas. It's one of those "sleeping lawyers cases."

Now, in light of this, are you still confident that the 458 prisoners on death row have had their legal rights protected in these life and death cases?

WINNER Well, you just made your case. The man is out. I'm sorry he's out. he's a really violent person. I hope he gets retried soon. But the system worked in this case, Jeff. And the question isn't about the ones that are coming up, the question is the ones that have been put to death, and I am absolutely confident that everybody has been put to death, two things, one, they were guilty of the crime charged and, secondly, they had full access to our courts, both state and federal.

I support the death penalty because I believe when the death penalty is administered surely, swiftly and justly, it will save lives. And I understand good people can disagree on this, but that's my personal opinion.

I have also got the job of upholding the law of the land in the state of Texas. It's the law of my state. A chief executive doesn't get to pick and choose which laws I am going to uphold. I will make sure every death penalty case that comes to my desk so long as I am the governor — I hope it's not that long, by the way — that I will make sure that the innocence or guilt — that I weigh heavily the innocence and guilt of each person.

MODERATOR Time.

Greenfield But governor, the question in this case is not whether that guy may have in fact, committed the crime, but whether in a capital case, he has been afforded full legal rights. There are states which provide to criminal defense lawyers in capital cases the sums they need to investigate, to deal with witnesses. In your state, many of these lawyers are being paid at barely minimum wage levels, once they get through all the work.

My question is, are you convinced that the capital cases under your watch, not just produce the right result, but have protected the rights of the accused?

WINNER I ask two questions, Jeff, and that's what a governor should ask in a state that has the death penalty; ask the question of innocence and guilt, and ask the question does the person have full access to both state and federal courts? That's the law of the land in my state. And I upheld it well. And I am going to continue to uphold the law of the land.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, a question — another criminal justice question.

As you are well aware, a New York jury this past week returned a verdict acquitting four white New York City police officers in the shooting death of a West African immigrant, Amadou Diallo. He was hit 19 times by the officers, even though he was unarmed. He was carrying a wallet, no weapon. Are you comfortable with that verdict?

LOSER Well, I don't know that I'm qualified to comment on it or anyone else who didn't sit through the trial and hear all the evidence. The notion that because you are unhappy with the overall policies of the New York City Police Department, you will scapegoat four police officers rather than base your judgment on the specific details of the case is a travesty. And we should never surrender to that kind of injustice.

The people who are enforcing the law on our streets deserve that they be treated with the same justice we would expect, and that means judge according to the facts.

And the reason I withhold judgment, I didn't sit through all the testimony. I haven't gone over all the details. The jury did, and they reached a conclusion that I think they in conscientious detail thought was the correct conclusion. The only thing I have heard from a lot of the critics of this case have to do with the number of bullets and other things. I haven't yet heard a good case made that, on the facts that were presented and that existed, one should question that verdict. And until I hear that case, I'm not going to indulge in sort of emotional rhetoric, scapegoating police officers.

MODERATOR Time.

Should there be, Mr. Ambassador, an automatic federal Justice Department review in a case like this, where you have alleged police abuse and the verdict goes in favor of the police?

LOSER No, absolutely not. I really protest against the liberal tendency to want the federal government to take over those responsibilities which rightly belong to states and localities. On the assumption, I suppose, that we are to consider people at the state and local level too depraved to do justice without federal supervision. I believe that assumption that the people of this country are too depraved to defend their rights and acquit their responsibilities as citizens is a wrong assumption, and therefore we should not turn over power to the federal government based on that assumption.

MODERATOR Doyle McManus, next question.

McManus Senator McCain, to try to get a real debate going here tonight, I would like to ask you to answer the same question about Taiwan and China policy that was posed earlier to Governor Bush.

Now, Taiwan is going to have a presidential election this spring. There's a lot of pro-independent sentiment on that island. If the people of Taiwan, through a democratic process, whether through their election or a referendum, move toward declaring independence from China, would you act as president to stop them? to dissuade them? or would you step in and protect them?

LOSER Well, of course I would. And the fact is that there has been a strategic ambiguity, but the person who destroyed the strategic ambiguity was President Clinton, when he went to China and called Jiang Zemin and the Chinese his strategic partner, and he destroyed the delicate balance of ambiguity which is causing many of these problems now, which is again an example of the fecklessness of the Clinton foreign policy.

Of course, I would tell the Taiwanese that they should observe the one-China policy, which calls for peaceful unification — reunification. Of course, the Taiwanese will react because the people of Taiwan and the government of Taiwan recognize that the provocation of China would only lead to increased tensions.

So, yes, obviously I would exercise our suasion over them. But have no doubt as to why we're in the situation we're in, and that's because of the — of President Clinton's trip to China, where this long-standing strategic ambiguity was shattered by intemperate remarks by the president of the United States.

McManus Well, to keep moving away from ambiguity then. Right now, Taiwan is asking us to sell them four advanced missile destroyers. Taiwan is also asking to be included in missile defense projects. Are you ready to say right now Yep, they're in, no matter what Beijing wants?

LOSER Not no matter what. It would be careful assessment by the Department of Defense and the State Department as to what — as we — as has been our tradition in the past.

But I'll tell you what I would do without a doubt, and that is that I would push the development of sea-based missile defense systems as — from the U.S. standpoint, so that in case of tensions in the region I could move those ships very close but in international waters and make it clear to the Chinese that the consequences of aggression against Taiwan far, far exceed anything they might gain from committing that aggression.

MODERATOR Time.

Governor Bush, another — I have another long-winded question. You and Senator McCain argue over who is the real reformer, including on the issue of campaign finance reform. Now the Supreme Court recently again upheld limits on campaign contributions, and yet you have suggested that any such limits violate free speech. Do you — my question is, do you, therefore, disagree with Justice Souter writing for six justices, including the chief justice, that leaving the perception of impropriety jeopardizes our democracy? In other words, do you think there should be no contribution limits at all, that people who are wealthy should be able to give as much as they want to you or any other candidate?

WINNER Well, it would be a little odd for me to argue against that simply because in my state that's the way it is. People can give — individuals can give to a candidate the amount they want to give, so long as there's disclosure.

I believe that — I believe that Supreme Court case was a liberal interpretation of the Constitution. I do. I believe in freedom of speech. I understand there's going to be limits and I live with them, but I believe the best reform policy is to say individuals can give. And we ought to have instant disclosure on the Internet. We ought to let everybody know who's giving to whom. And we ought to do it on a real-time basis so that nobody has anything to hide.

I have a campaign reform package — campaign funding reform package. It includes banning of corporate money and labor union soft money, so long as the reforms are complete, so long as labor union bosses can't spend AF of L-CIO members' money for example without their permission.

MODERATOR Time. Governor, are you saying then that you — that people who give hundreds of thousands of dollars, even millions of dollars, to campaigns, that these folks honestly believe, whether it's a Carl Lindner or a Dwayne Andreas or a trial lawyers' association, some other group, that they expect nothing in return for these gifts?

WINNER Judy, you can't give millions of dollars to a campaign. There's limits...

MODERATOR To a political party you can.

WINNER Well, you said a campaign.

MODERATOR Which then funnels to the campaign.

WINNER Well, there are rules and there are laws, and we ought to have an attorney general that enforces the laws. That's what we need. We need an attorney general that enforces the laws and we need an administration that's honest. If you want campaign funding reform, let's have honest people in office. I believe in freedom of speech. I don't like some of the ads running against me. I don't. But nevertheless, people have a right to run issue ads in America. That's freedom of speech. It's an inherent part of our country.

MODERATOR Jeff Greenfield.

Greenfield Governor Bush, you wanted the chance a couple of minutes ago to talk about education, so here we go.

One of the central objections that conservatives had about federal aid to education back in the '60s was it was going to come with strings attached. As soon as Washington gives money, they're going to tell the states what to do. Unlike Senator McCain, your proposal, that would permit students to opt out of public schools in states, requires federally standardized tests.

WINNER No, it doesn't.

Greenfield What does it require, then, sir?

WINNER Jeff, it requires any state that receives Title One money to develop standards and accountability at the local level...

Greenfield Sorry, I misspoke. But it's a federal mandate on the states to do that.

WINNER It is a requirement that states, in return for receiving federal money, show us whether or not the children are learning.

Greenfield Well, that's my — OK, so let me go — then I stand corrected. But I think the point survives...

WINNER Barely.

Greenfield ... It's the conservatives' — well, let's see. [laughter] Let me climb back and see if I can get to a higher standard.

WINNER OK.

Greenfield It seems to me a conservative's worst nightmare to say, once you take federal money we will require you to impose standardized tests. Why not leave it, as most conservatives say in most areas, to the local and state authorities?

WINNER That's what we do. We leave the testing to local and state authorities, like my state of Texas. One of the reasons our children are doing so well is because we hold people accountable. But there must be consequences for an accountability system in order for it to work, Jeff, and, therefore — how about the system like it is today? You receive Title One money, you don't have to show anybody whether or not the children are learning. That doesn't work. That's a system that gives up on children. That's a system that just simply shuffles children through the system. And guess who gets shuffled through? Poor children. Guess who gets shuffled through? Children whose parents don't speak English as a first language. That's unacceptable to me. What's acceptable to me is to say, if you receive Title One money, you must show us — you get to develop the standards, you get to develop the tests, but you must prove that the children are learning to read and write and add and subtract.

And you mark my words what's going to happen. Our children are going to start to learn. But if not, I won't accept mediocrity. I'll challenge the status quo. And this is what this plan does.

Greenfield It seems to me, Governor, that we're saying the same thing but with different words. What you're saying, as a conservative, to these states is, once you take federal money, the Department of Education, an agency that President Reagan wanted to abolish, is going to tell you that you must develop tests...

WINNER Correct.

Greenfield ...to judge your children.

WINNER Absolutely.

Greenfield OK.

WINNER You — the state of Texas, if we receive Title One money, you must show the taxpayers that the children are learning. Jeff, we have states and systems and school districts that receive money, and we don't know. Accountability is the core to success. In order to make sure children are not left behind, it's important to measure so we can correct problems early before it's too late. A system without accountability is a system that quits on our children in America. And that is unacceptable to me...

MODERATOR Time.

WINNER ...I'm not going stand for it as the president of the United States.

MODERATOR Doyle.

McManus Ambassador Keyes, to borrow a phrase from my friend Jeff Greenfield here, there's an elephant in this room that we haven't talked about but it's a wee little elephant. It's the limited success of your campaign in attracting votes. And I'd like to ask you about that. What does that mean? What has gone wrong? Is the Republican electorate — it is Republicans you're appealing to — you've been very eloquent throughout this entire campaign, but they're not flocking to your standard. Are they rejecting the message or are they rejecting the messenger?

LOSER I'd be willing to bet a great many of them have no idea that I'm running because of the media blackout on this campaign. I always find it interesting. You guys play the game, put the mask over the eyes of the people, and then ask why they don't see me. And I refuse to dignify that little tactic with any more of a response than that. Other people in the country know what you are like and your colleagues are doing.

And I'll say, CNN and people like this may not be — these debates have never occurred on the broadcast media that reach the mass of the American people. You guys do all right, but you don't get the numbers that ABC, CBS, NBC get, and they have never even put on one of these Republican debates. And I think it's in part because a lot of black people also watch what they do.

Aside from that, I do have to make one comment on what Governor Bush just said, because I — just one short remark, because I think it reveals a lot about the problems with the educational approach that was being talked about there. Accountability is wonderful, but it shouldn't be accountability to government. It should not be accountability to the federal government. It should be parents who hold schools accountable and they should be empowered...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...to do that through school choice, so the money follows their decision, and they open and close the schools...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...with their patronage.

WINNER May...

MODERATOR Doyle.

WINNER No, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

LOSER No, you go.

MODERATOR Doyle, you have a follow-up.

WINNER Well let me just say one thing about that, if you don't mind. And the accountability isn't to the government. Accountability system lets parents know whether their children are learning. That's what an accountability system does, Alan. It's — and I know what I'm talking about because we've done it in my state. We post results so people know. And when we find failure, we correct it early before it's too late. And if the — wait a minute. And what I said was — to Jeff — is that if the school is not measuring up to the standards, the parents get to make a different choice. The money doesn't go only to fund mediocrity, the parent gets to make a different choice with the money.

MODERATOR We're going to have move on here with a follow-up.

WINNER Sorry, he gets 30 more seconds, I'm sorry.

LOSER Yes. I do. I get a follow-up.

WINNER I butted in on him.

LOSER I can use that follow-up to answer Governor Bush.

McManus Ambassador, forgive me, because I'm still genuinely interested in your political future. If you're in this to carry on your message and maybe at this point not get the job — let's go out on a limb and say that one of these other two gentlemen is likely — more likely to get the nomination than you are, are you going to go out and support one of these two? And which of these two gentlemen is better-equipped to carry your message?

LOSER Well, first of all — I'm sorry, I have got to tell you...[laughter] Let me answer. The short answer to that question. I — short answer — I announced several years ago to anybody who will listen, I will never again cast a vote for an individual I in conscience believe to be pro-choice, pro-abortion, not pro-life. Based on the confession of his heart in New Hampshire, when John McCain told us clearly that he would tell his daughter it was her choice — and every woman is somebody's daughter, so if you tell the daughters of America it's their choice, you're pro-choice. He is pro-choice, he is not pro-life. I will not support a pro-choice, pro-abortion candidate. So that's clear enough. I've said it everywhere, and I say it...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...again here. It's not possible for me to do that.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you get 30 seconds to comment.

LOSER I won't waste more than five. The fact is I am a proud pro-life candidate. It's a very, very difficult issue that was raised concerning one's family decisions. I am pro-life, and that's my position, and I'm sorry that Mr. Keyes continues to misconstrue it, but that's his privilege. I would like to also comment, no matter how Governor Bush slices it, it's federal control of education that his plan is about. And finally, that description of campaign finance reform is one of the most bizarre that I have experienced. He is now saying...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER All right.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Thank you.

MODERATOR Jeff.

Greenfield Senator McCain, whenever you're asked why so many congressional Republicans, your colleagues, people you have worked with, have supported Governor Bush, the answer that you say is it's because you're trying to break through the iron triangle, they're captives of soft money.

More than 40 House Republicans who support Governor Bush voted for the most sweeping campaign finance reform bill in years, the Shays-Meehan bill. They include Congressman Shays, a man who not only wrote that bill, but has spent much of the past couple of years fighting the congressional leadership. So if these folks who clearly are not part of the iron triangle, or at least are willing to vote to break it, if they're not standing with you, if they're going with Governor Bush, how come?

LOSER Well, I think plenty of them respect and admire him more than me. But the major reason and the majority reason why most of them, obviously, in my view, are very concerned about my candidacy, including being frightened is because I am taking on the establishment and the iron triangle, and everybody knows that, and campaign finance reform is a key element of that, and Governor Bush just said that he wants unlimited contributions from individuals.

Maybe that's — explains why there have been the sleepovers in Austin at the governor's mansion by the pioneers. Maybe that's why it's being set up, the apparatus, right now of the so-called pioneers and other apparatus to raise unlimited amounts of money to funnel into this political campaign coming up in the same way that Clinton and Gore did. That's a matter of published reports.

Campaign finance reform is the key element and an important element and a vital element if we're going to give the government back to the people, and if you're going to allow people like Bernard Schwartz of Loral to give a million dollars...

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER ...and technology is transferred to China, we have got a continuing big problem in America.

MODERATOR Time.

Governor Bush, you have a 30-second comment.

WINNER Thank you. You talk about people staying with me at the governor's mansion. These are my friends, John.

LOSER Good.

WINNER These are my relatives. These are people that — eight people you mention in some scathing press release that somehow questioned my integrity. You talk a lot about the iron triangle, and you're ringing it like a dinner bell with all of those fund raisers with lobbyists in Washington, D.C.

MODERATOR Did you want to follow up, Jeff?

Greenfield Yes, on a follow up, Senator McCain, should you happen to win the presidency, the reforms that you advocate can't happen unless you get the Congress to work with you. Now, you have described yourself as frequently the also-ran in the miss congeniality contest. But nothing can happen with the Congress unless the president has a power to persuade. Given the mass endorsements of your opponent, even though these people have worked with you, should that give voters pause about whether you can actually get something through the Congress should you be the president?

LOSER I don't think so. By the way, George, if I am ringing it like the dinner bell, you have got both feet in the trough because you have raised five times the amount of money in Washington that I have. Look, I get along with them. Two-hundred-and-thirty-four pieces of legislation has borne my name.

I'm proud of many major pieces of legislation playing a major role in foreign defense policy, Y2K product liability reform. My committee churns out more legislation than any other. I am very proud of my record and the work that I have done with all of my colleagues, and if I have a mandate, they're going to follow.

MODERATOR All right, time.

All right, we just have time for one last question, and I'm going to take the privilege of asking all three of you to comment. We're interested in knowing how much each one of you uses the Internet, how much time do you spend on it, how much do you know about it?

We'll start with Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Well, I use it quite a bit. My campaign has used it quite a bit. I have to make one comment, though, and — because I think that this whole campaign finance reform thing on Senator McCain's part is just another example of the hypocrisy of these politicians. They have shoveled the money in their mouths hand over fist, then walk into the arena professing to be shocked at the discovery that it's there, and then turn to us and say we should give up our right to give money to support the causes we believe in because they don't have the integrity to do their jobs.

MODERATOR How about the Internet?

LOSER We shouldn't give up their rights. They should give up their offices and that would be the right kind of campaign finance reform.

MODERATOR Do you enjoy the Internet?

LOSER And I think it's the kind that Senator McCain may very well need. [laughter]

MODERATOR Do you enjoy the Internet?

LOSER I answered, I said yes.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, what do you think about the Internet?

WINNER Well, I put my contributors on the Internet for people to see. I believe in full disclosure, and I think all candidates ought to do that.

MODERATOR Do you go online?

WINNER Yes, I do. I e-mail back and forth, e-mailed my mother the other day, as a matter of fact. She told me to stand straight, by the way, when I was at your debate. [laughter]

MODERATOR How familiar are you with the World Wide Web?

WINNER I am familiar. I can click around and surf around and — but you know...[laughter] But let me tell you something, we don't have time running for president. We're out there talking to the voters.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

LOSER Not as nearly as well as I should, Judy. My wife, Cindy, is a whiz, and when I want to find out what's on CNN, or the New York Times, or the Washington Post, or other Communist periodicals...[laughter]... I always go to it. But the phenomenal thing about the Internet as far as we're concerned, we have gotten like $7 million in contributions over the Internet.

It's been marvelous. Governor Bush talks about the interests in Washington, I think he's gotten $700,000. Seven million dollars, people just coming in on the Internet and contributing to our campaign because they want reform. They want the government back and they want it back in their hands, and that's what this campaign is all about, and I'm exuberant about giving it to them.

MODERATOR We are now at the point where we would like all three of you to give your closing statement and we're going to begin — and by the draw that was done before the program, Ambassador Keyes goes first.

LOSER Yes, one question that came up tonight is worth answering — why am I here? [laughter] Well, you know what, the reason that I am honestly here is because with the majority of people in the Republican Party I am the sentimental favorite. I am the one you all listen to. You know I am saying what's in your heart.

You know that I speak the truth, the true bedrock conservatism, do it better than anybody who has appeared in these debates, and it's one of the reasons that my colleagues did not feel that they had the strength to stand up and say, kick him out, you see, because they know that, that would rouse your ire. But if it will rouse your ire, how come it doesn't inspire you to get out there in the voting booth and stand with the same integrity for what you believe that I stand with here in this arena?

Unless you, the voters of the Republican Party start to be willing to show that kind of integrity, our cause will be lost. These gentlemen won't win in the fall, because they don't have the courage of our convictions, and they will not effectively communicate that to the heart of the American people, and that's what we desperately need.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER As we approach next Tuesday, which may be a seminal event in this campaign, I hope you'll ask yourselves a couple of questions Who is most fully prepared to be president of the United States? And who is most capable of winning a victory in November and defeating Al Gore?

I am proud of the campaign we have run, which has attracted people from everywhere, young and old, rich and poor to our banner, under the banner of proud Reagan conservatism, has expanded the base of our party in a way that we haven't experienced since Ronald Reagan.

I assure you and I commit to you that I will restore honor and dignity to the White House, and then I will inspire a generation of young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interests. I am very proud of this campaign. I am very proud of the fact that we have tried to build America up and tear no one down. I ask for your support and your vote next Tuesday, and I thank you for having me on this program.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER Well, I want to thank my friends here in California for all of their support and hard work. I am looking forward to traveling your state to earn your confidence. Alan, I disagree with you, I am going to become the president because I am going give this nation a fresh start after a season of cynicism. I have a plan that says the American dream will touch every willing heart by making sure every child gets educated. No child gets left behind.

I have got a record of reforming education in the state of Texas. I am going to take that record to Washington, D.C. I have got a plan that strengthens the military to keep the peace. I have got a plan that keeps the economy growing by giving people some of their own money back, the taxes are the highest they have been since World War II, and it's going to have a drag on the economy unless we have a president who says that the surplus is not the government's money. It's the people's money, and you should have some of it back. I want to usher in the responsibility era in America that calls upon the best of our country. It begins by a president who understands that the responsibility is to bring honor and dignity to the office and that's exactly what I will do.

MODERATOR Time. Governor Bush, Senator McCain, Ambassador Keyes, thank you all, gentlemen. Thank you all, three for being with us. Thank you, our panelists, Jeff and Doyle. And especially we want to thank "The Los Angeles Times" for co-sponsoring this evening. Please stay tuned for a special post-debate edition of LARRY KING LIVE with special guest host Wolf Blitzer. I'm Judy Woodruff, and good night from the Harry Chandler Auditorium at "The Los Angeles Times."

King Tonight, a crucial debate for the three remaining Republican presidential candidates. Joining me in South Carolina, site of Saturday's GOP primary, Senator John McCain of Arizona; former Reagan administration official, Ambassador Alan Keyes; and Texas Governor George W. Bush. They're next on a special edition of "LARRY KING LIVE Election 2000." This is the South Carolina Republican debate.

Good evening. A couple of notes before we start. We're at Seawell's Banquet Center here in Columbia, South Carolina, the capital of this state. This event tonight is sponsored by BIPEC. That's the South Carolina Business and Industry Political Education Committee. This is the second such event they've held. They held one four years ago.

We are live, as you can tell. There is an audience here of people enjoying it. We have asked them to remain attentive so that you can listen to everything our guests say.

A couple of other notes — this is going to be a free-wheeling debate. If one guest wishes to comment on what another says after they finish, they can. We're going to cover as many subjects as we can for the next 90 minutes.

There will be only two commercial breaks at 930 Eastern Time, the bottom of the hour, a two-minute break, and at 10 o'clock Eastern Time, a two-minute break.

And one personal note If I cough a little, forgive me. I've got a scratchy throat tonight.

We'll start with Governor Bush. Since we're being seen all over the world — we're on CNN International — what area of American international policy would you change immediately as president?

WINNER Our relationship with China. The current president has called the relationship with China a strategic partnership. I believe our relationship needs to be redefined as one as competitor. Competitors can find areas of agreement, but we must make it clear to the Chinese that we don't appreciate any attempt to spread weapons of mass destruction around the world, that we don't appreciate any threats to our friends and allies in the Far East. This president is one who went to China and ignored our friends and allies in Tokyo and Seoul. He sent a chilling signal about the definition of friendship.

When I become the president, I'm going to strengthen our alliances in the Far East. I'm going to work with the Russians to get rid of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty so we can bring certainty into an uncertain part of the world, and that's the Far East as well.

We must say to people in that part of the world, Don't threaten our friends. Don't threaten our allies. So I'm going to change the relationship.

King And you're going to let them know.

WINNER Of course I'm going to let them know. That's what a president does; a president let's them know.

King Ambassador Keyes, what would you change?

LOSER I think the first thing I'd want to do is to restore respect for the national sovereignty of this country.

King By...

LOSER I was very much in disagreement with our entry into the World Trade Organization. I think we gave away a portion of our sovereignty that we should never have surrendered to an unrepresentative body that can make decisions according to that treaty that would have direct affect on the lives of Americans.

It violates the fundamental principle of our way of life. No legislation without representation — representative government. I want to see us withdraw from the World Trade Organization and put our approach to trade back on a footing that maximizes the results that we get for the American people.

I'm not interested in protectionism or withdrawal from the world. But I do think, if you happen to be the sponsors of the most lucrative market in the world, that folks ought to be paying a premium price to enter this market, or else giving us something concrete in return that's of tangible benefit to the whole American people, not just to a handful of international corporations.

King Senator?

LOSER China is obviously a place where this — one of the signal failures of this administration. Although there are certainly many failures throughout the world.

But I would also look very — revise our policies concerning these rogue states Iraq, Libya, North Korea - those countries that continue to try to acquire weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them. As long...

King And you'd do what?

LOSER I'd institute a policy that I call "rogue state rollback." I would arm, train, equip, both from without and from within, forces that would eventually overthrow the governments and install free and democratically elected governments.

As long as Saddam Hussein is in power, I am convinced that he will pose a threat to our security. "The New York Times" reported just a few days ago that administration officials worry that Saddam Hussein continues to develop weapons of mass destruction.

Congress passed a law a couple of years ago, called the Iraqi Liberation Act; the administration has done nothing. We should help them with arms, training, equipment, radio and a broad variety of ways. Until those governments are overthrown, they will pose a threat to U.S. national security.

King The governor mentioned nuclear. Are you in favor of the continuation of abandonment of nuclear weapons around the world now?

LOSER Well, I think we ought to put — where nuclear weapons are concerned, we have put our own strategic safety first. I think it is very important that we take the anti-missile defense treaty and set it aside in order to rapidly develop and deploy an anti-missile defense for the United States.

I think it has been a travesty that this administration has stood in the schoolhouse door, dragged its feet, acted as if we were suppose to thank them when they were even willing to talk about this vital necessity for our national security.

No, it's time we gave the American people and the allies of this country the assurance that can come from our superior technology, make use of it to secure ourselves against rogue states and their missiles, as well as against the communist Chinese threat that this administration has contributed to.

King Do you agree with him?

WINNER Well, I agree. I think one of the things we Republicans stand for is to use our technologies in research and development to the point where we can bring certainty into an uncertain world. All three of us agree that the president has drug his feet on the development of an anti-ballistic missile system.

All three of us understand, just like I understand, that this nation must not retreat, but can lead the world to peace. I do believe there's an area where we can work with Russia in the post-Cold War era. And that's to work with them to dismantle strategic and tactical nuclear warheads. It's called Nunn-Lugar. And when I'm the president, I'm going to continue to fund Nunn-Lugar, to make sure that we work with the Russians to bring certainty into that part of the world. You see, the Russians have got to understand the post-Cold War era is one where we need to cooperate to bring peace. And, as John mentioned, and rightly so, we must convince them as well, not to spread weapons of mass destruction.

King Senator, would you meet with — assuming Mr. Putin is elected in March, would you want to meet with him as a candidate? Other candidates have gone overseas while running for office, or right before the campaign...

LOSER I'm not sure that would be necessary. It might be an interesting experience, because I know what's going on in Russia. So do an a whole lot of my friends.

King But you don't know...

LOSER But the fact is — well, we know that he was an apparatchik. We know that he was a member of the KGB. We know that he came to power because of the military brutality and massacre that's been taking place in Russia today — I mean in Chechnya today. We know that he worked a deal with Yeltsin, so that Yeltsin would have immunity, and he would be assured of the presidency, rather than basically a contested — I'm very concerned about Mr. Putin. I'm afraid Mr. Putin might be one of those who wants to make the trains run on time.

So, yes, I would meet with him as a candidate, but I think that what I would really like to do is send a message to Mr. Putin, that we expect certain behavior out of the Russians, and particularly what's going in Chechnya today, a cessation of that brutality.

And that is a very important strategic part of the world for us.

King Would you meet with him?

LOSER No, I wouldn't. And I think in fact it would be vital now, and during the course of the campaign, and also in the first months of an administration to make it clear that we were determined to work against the mobocracy, and the mafia that has taken over in Russia. And that we are going to seek to work at all levels with those folks who are actually seeking to establish real self-government, that respects basic human rights and that is also going to take an approach that removes power from the hands of those who basically have been using it for criminal purposes.

King Would you meet with him?

WINNER I don't know. Probably not. In the...

King Wouldn't you want to meet with the leader?

WINNER Maybe, but I'm going to be trying to win the election.

King No, I mean after you get — this is after the nomination.

WINNER Oh, after the nomination.

King I was asking, if you are the candidate, would you want to?

WINNER Well, I intend to try to win the nomination in the fall as well. If he came over and knocked on I imagine any of our doors, we would open it and listen to the guy.

Here's the question though and the verdict on Mr. Putin is out. And it's this Will he reject the politics inside of Russia that has allowed folks to siphon off aid? Will he stand up to the corruption inside that country? Will he welcome rule of law? Will he welcome the marketplace and the great freedoms of the marketplace? That's the question for Mr. Putin.

King How will you know without talking to him?

LOSER That's not encouraging when he cut a deal with the communists rather than the reformers in order to consolidate his power.LOSER I think we're also going to have to be clearer certainly that the Clinton administration has been, that a good relationship with the United States is conditioned on this kind of respect for basic human rights and the requirements of the people. We shouldn't be transferring capital and doing all kinds of things that send a message of business as usual to a regime that hasn't yet shown itself willing to show respect for these basics.

WINNER Let me say one other thing. This current administration has been sending all kinds of signals confirming Mr. Putin.

We don't know enough about him. We don't know enough about this person.

America must be diligent and firm. We must expect there to be a market evolution in these countries. We understand freedom. We understand freedom, and there are some who want to isolate our nation. We must reject isolationism, because freedom's our greatest export.

LOSER See, but there is one problem, though, and I would have to distinguish myself in one respect, because if we're going to talk that way, then I think we ought to apply it to China as well. And sending a business-as-usual signal by continuing most favored nation status is wrong. We ought to take the reins of that policy back in our hands and condition each element of the trade relationship on their willingness to respect the basic requirements of decency and of our values and interests.

King Senator, you concerned about Austria?

LOSER I'm concerned. A guy who's name was Adolf Schicklgruber was born there, was a corporal in the German army in World War I, and obviously caused us great problems.

But this was a free and fair election, Larry. This was a free and fair election by a sophisticated electorate.

King Hitler was elected in a free election. Well, he won a majority of — and appointed democratically.

LOSER I was going to say, there's — your interpretation of history. But the point is that this was a free and fair election. We have to watch it, we have to pay close attention to what's happening in the middle of Europe in what is viewed by most people as one of the most sophisticated countries in Europe. Obviously we need to keep an eye on it.

But I don't think the United States of America right now is prepared to overturn a free and fair election. And I'll tell you what When the European Union started weighing in, they got a negative reaction from the Austrian people and gained more support for this guy than he otherwise would have had.

King Governor, in what occasion could you describe where you would use arms?

WINNER When it's in our national strategic interests. Europe is in our national strategic interests. The Far East is in our national strategic interests. Our own hemisphere is in our national strategic interests. The Middle East — protecting Israel is in our national strategic interests.

And I'll give you one clear example in our own hemisphere. If, for whatever reason, somebody tries to block passage through the Panama Canal, as president of the United States I will make sure the Panama Canal remains open for trade.

It's in our interests to have a hemisphere that is peaceful and open for trade.

King What if it wasn't? What if it was a moral question, Senator?

LOSER I just want to say, it's not that simple. It's not that simple because we are driven by Wilsonian principles as well as others. There are times when our principles and our values are so offended that we have to do what we can to resolve a terrible situation.

If Rwanda again became a scene of horrible genocide, if there was a way that the United States could stop that and beneficially affect the situation — by the way, we couldn't in Haiti. We spent — sent 20,000 troops and spent $2 billion. Haiti is arguably worse off.

Obviously, it's the last resort. But we can never say that a nation driven by Judeo-Christian principles will only intervene where our interests are threatened because we also have values. And those values are very important...

LOSER But our — but our, I think our...

LOSER You know, I'm not interrupting you, Alan.

So I think that it's important that we always have some complex challenges as to where we must intervene. Because sometimes we find that if genocide is allowed, the consequences of inaction later on in history are far more severe.

LOSER Well, several things are true. One, I think we need to end the Clinton policy of interventionism on behalf of all kinds of globalist ideas and interests that are of not direct relevance to our interest or to our values. And I frankly think that Kosovo was an example of that.

I also think we ought to avoid interventions that are based essentially on exaggerated propaganda, and that set the threshold of atrocity so low that, in point of fact, other nations could use that threshold as an excuse to disrupt the peace of the world — let me finish — by going into other countries in their region on the same excuse.

We should be very careful not to become practitioners of aggression, even in the name of good purposes. I think, basically, we've got to send a message to the rest of the world, that we will not be stepping in to intervene in the affairs of other countries on any kind of routine basis, unless the level of atrocity is so clear, that it justifies violating that principle of non-aggression, for the sake of which we have sacrificed tens of thousands of American lives.

And I think it would be irresponsible to do what Clinton, in fact, has done, and take us on a road of interventionism that sets that threshold so low that I think it's a threat to peace.

WINNER Yes, I think there needs to be a clear statement of when and if we'll commit troops. I worry about Rwanda. I didn't like what went on in Rwanda. But I don't think we should commit troops to Rwanda. Nor do I think we ought to try to be the peacekeepers all around the world. I intend to tell our allies that America will help make the peace, but you get to put troops on the ground to keep warring parties apart.

One of the reasons we have such low morale in the military today, is because we're over-deployed and under-trained. If you talk to the men and women who wear our uniform, who are married, they're constantly being separated as a result of deployments all around the world. We've got to be very careful about when and if we commit our troops.

LOSER Well, we can still deal...

King Let John add.

LOSER Obviously we have too much deployment. We should have our troops coming home from Bosnia. We shouldn't have gone into Kosovo — or shouldn't have stumbled into Kosovo. There was no need to intervene there. But look, there's only one superpower, and that's the United States of America.

And there will be times when the superpower has to do things that other nations don't have to do. And I am convinced that the best way to prevent the loss of blood certainly — certainly the lessons of the last century showed us is that there may be times when we have to come in early so that we will prevent a recurrence of what happened with the rise of Nazi Germany...

LOSER I think...

LOSER ... which is a classic example of that.

LOSER I think that what we have to avoid, however, is taking a unilateral approach in these sorts of matters that encourage other countries to shrink from their responsibilities, not to develop their capability and potential, and not to take responsibility for policing their regions of the world. They should not expect that the United States is going to come in and substitute for their responsibility. And if we encourage them to believe that that's going to be the case, we actually destabilize situations, we don't help them.

King Move to another area. Sort of a man on the sidelines. We'll ask you. Do you think this has been a dirty campaign, Alan?

LOSER Well, frankly, I haven't given their campaign a thought.

King Not a thought.

LOSER I will confess, I spend too much time speaking about the moral crisis of this country, the priority that this nation needs to address, to get back...

King So, you have no...

LOSER ... to its basic moral principles. I have a positive message of my own. I concentrate on that message because I think it's of vital importance to this country.

I frankly believe that you spend all this time beating up on somebody else because you don't have that much to say yourself. I have too much to say of a positive nature about the future of this country to worry about beating up on my opponents except when specific issues require that we call attention to differences.

All right, Governor, what do you make of all these past two weeks, the charges and countercharges? You go and then the senator.

WINNER Well, it's kind of politics. And John and I shook hands and we said we weren't going to run ads and I kind of smiled my way through the early primaries and got defined. I'm not going to let it happen again. And we shook hands and unfortunately he ran and ad that equated me to Bill Clinton — he questioned my trustworthiness.

King Are you saying he broke the agreement with you?

WINNER Well, I'm just saying, you can disagree on issues, we'll debate issues, but whatever you do, don't equate my integrity and trustworthiness to Bill Clinton. That's about as low a blow as you can give in a Republican primary.

King And that's... And that's what — and that's what — and that's what got you mad to sort of fight back?

WINNER Well, I stand by my ads. I stand...

King You wouldn't change any?

WINNER No. I stand by what I'm trying to do. I mean, when the man says that I'm spending all the surplus on tax cuts and it's not true, I'm going to define what reality is.

King Senator McCain, did you break a promise?

LOSER Well, let me tell you what happened. There was an ad run against me, we ran a counter-ad in New Hampshire, Governor Bush took the ad down. And then I was beat up very badly by all of his surrogates, called Clinton, called Clinton-lite, called every — a hypocrite. I mean, you've seen...

King In New Hampshire?

LOSER No, here in South Carolina. You've seen it — turn on the radio, turn on the television, and unfortunately now pick up the telephone and you'll hear a negative attack against John McCain.

But let me tell you what really went over the line. Governor Bush had an event, and he paid of it, and standing — and stood next to a spokesman for a fringe veterans' group. That fringe veteran said that John McCain had abandoned the veterans.

Now, I don't know if you can understand this, George, but that really hurts, that really hurts.

And so five United States senators, Vietnam veterans, heroes, some of them really incredible heroes, wrote George a letter and said, Apologize, you should be ashamed...

WINNER Let me speak to that.

LOSER You should be ashamed. Now if you want...

King Is he responsible for what someone else says?

LOSER Well, this same man — he stood next to him, it was his event. This same man had attacked his father viciously.

WINNER Yes, he did. Let me speak to that. Let me speak to that.

King All right.

LOSER So I'd be glad to tell you the rest of the story, if you'd let me, when it's appropriate.

King Well, let him respond on that point.

WINNER Let me — let me answer that.

LOSER You should be ashamed — you should be ashamed of sponsoring an event with that man there whop had attacked your own father.

WINNER Let me say something, John. Let me finish. Let me finish.

John, I believe that you served our country nobly. And I've said it over and over again. That man wasn't speaking for me. He may have a dispute with you...

LOSER He was at your event.

WINNER Let me finish please, please.

LOSER He's listed as your 

WINNER Let me finish. Let me finish.

King All right, let him finish.

WINNER The man was not speaking for me. If you want to know my opinion about you, John, you served our country admirably and strongly, and I'm proud of your record, just like you are.

And I don't appreciate what he said about my dad, either. But let me say something, if you're going to be — hold me responsible for what people for me say, I'm going to do the same for you. And let me give you one example.

Warren Rudman, the man who you had as your campaign man in New Hampshire, said about the Christian Coalition that they're bigots. He talked about the Christian Coalition in a way that was incredibly strong. I know you don't believe that, do you?

LOSER George, he's entitled to his opinion on that issue.

WINNER Well, so is this man.

LOSER You paid for an event...

WINNER So is this man. 

LOSER You paid for your...

King Please don't...

LOSER You paid for an event...

WINNER John.

LOSER You paid for an event and stood next to a person. And when you were asked if you would repudiate him, you said, no.

WINNER No. John, what I said — what I said — let me say what I said.

LOSER So, let me tell you what happened — let me tell you what happened after that effectively.

King But I want Alan to give me one thing.

If you have surrogate making a speech for you today, are you responsible for what he says?

LOSER Larry, I'm sorry. I really am sitting here wondering, because I said we were going out to 202 countries, and is this kind of pointless squabbling really what we want them to see?

We're talking about electing the......president of the United States.

King But it happened.

LOSER But it — happened or not happened, and I don't know whether this is the influence of the media corrupting our process or whether it's that personal ambition becomes a substitute for our real focus on substance. But it seems to me we've got a lot more important things.

We have got a country that has abandoned it's most profound and fundamental principle. Killing babies in the womb every day is a contradiction...

King I'm going to get to that.

LOSER ... of the Declaration of Independence. We have got a country with an income tax system that enslaves its people and...

King I'm going to get to that.

LOSER ... and needs to put that back in their hands. [laughter]

King I'm going to get to that. [laughter]

LOSER We have got a school system that needs to be put back into the hands of parents. [laughter] And all I'm sitting here listening to is these two guys go on about their ads.

King I'm going...

WINNER Because he asked about it. That's because he asked...

LOSER I know you did...

King The question...

LOSER It seems to me — it seems — let their ad people get in the back room and fight it out, and let the American people hear what they've got to hear about the issues...

King I'm going to...

WINNER Let's discuss the issues. Let's the discuss the issues.

King All right — that's what — all right.

LOSER Let me just finish up, OK? [laughter]

So, so...

King And hope for...

LOSER ... so here's what happened. We ran an ad that was a response ad. At a town hall meeting a mother stood up and she said, "Senator McCain, my son was 13 last year. We had a lot of trouble of explaining things to him that went on in Washington." She said, "Now he's 14. He's told me not long ago, 'John McCain is my hero.' He's the man I want to be like.

"Well, last night he came into her room," she said, "and he had tears in his eyes because he had answered the phone and the phone call, even though he told the caller that he was 14, said, 'Do you know that John McCain is a liar, and a thief and cheat?'"

Well, that night I called my people together. I said, Take down our response ad.

We're running nothing but a positive campaign from now on. I committed to that, I promise that.

King Now, are you saying that...

LOSER I hope George...

King ... George...

LOSER Let me just say... 

King Are you saying that Governor Bush was responsible for that call?

LOSER I don't know who was responsible for it. But I know that the attacks go on.

WINNER Let me just say one thing.

LOSER I know that the attacks go on.

WINNER Let me say one thing about all this business, John.

LOSER I told you I pulled them all down.

WINNER You didn't pull this ad.

LOSER Yes, I did.

WINNER This had ended up in a man's windshield yesterday...

LOSER Yes, I...

WINNER ... that questions my — this is an attack piece.

LOSER That is not by my campaign.

WINNER Well, it says, "paid for by John McCain." [laughter]

LOSER It is not by my campaign.

WINNER John...

LOSER That's not — that is not by my campaign.

WINNER Well, then somebody's putting stuff up.

LOSER I pulled them off.

WINNER I agree with you.

LOSER But you're putting out stuff that is unbelievable, George, and it's got to stop.

WINNER I find that...

LOSER And your ads have got to stop.

King Are you going to — well, let me put...

LOSER My ads have all stopped.

King I'm going to end this now. Are you going to pull anything that you now have on?

WINNER I'm going to stand by what I'm putting on TV. And what I put on TV was looking in that camera and saying, You can disagree with me on issues, John, but do not question — do not question my trustworthiness and do not compare me to Bill Clinton.

King And are you — you've changed your ads already.

LOSER We've pulled all ours down. There's nothing negative on the air and we have insisted that there not be a mean point.

King Would you disclaim what Rudman said if he said...

LOSER The phone calls...

King ... that you don't agree with that?

LOSER His phone calls...

King Do you disclaim what the veteran said if he said it?

LOSER I think...

WINNER This man — this man served our country well.

LOSER I did not abandon the veterans. You should have...

WINNER That's right, we didn't abandon the veterans.

LOSER You should have repudiated your guy...

WINNER I stood up there at that press conference and said, John, you're a man who served our country well.

LOSER But this is the problem; once it starts, it's almost impossible to end and why?

King I'm leaving it now. [laughter]

LOSER No. No, I don't mean it that way, though.

LOSER It's ended.

LOSER No, I don't mean it that way. I mean it in the first place, you know? And I think it's time we began to ask ourselves...

King  said that.

LOSER ... why it is that these campaigns degenerate into this kind of stuff, and I think I know why it is.

King Which...

LOSER I think it's because people are trying so hard to be all things to all people that they refuse to stand forthrightly and make it clear on each given issue where they stand in a principled way and simply speak the truth and let the chips falls. And so they get into this spitting match over who did what to whom, as distraction from the lack of substance in their own campaigns.

I think people need to start thinking about whether this is the kind of spectacle that actually characterizes a serious political process, because I don't think it does.

King Today you announced a campaign reform program.

WINNER Yes, I did.

King You said that you'd been announcing it in other pieces throughout the past couple of months, but the first time you formulated it as a plan today.

WINNER Well, actually, I first laid it out last summer — a lot of it. Would you like me to go through it?

King No, but one of the networks...

WINNER Well, why can't I ...

King Oh no, no, I'm sorry, of you can go through it. No, what I mean is, one of the networks reported...

WINNER It's a great plan.

King ... that this is the first time you've used the term "campaign finance reform".

WINNER Well, that's not true. I started talking about campaign finance reform last summer. And I said the following things We ought to ban corporate soft money, and we ought to ban labor union soft money. We ought to make sure though, that labor bosses cannot spend union members' money without their permission. It's big difference between what I believe and John believes.

Thirdly, we should not allow federal candidates to take money from one campaign and roll it over into another campaign. That ought to be a reform.

And fifthly, what I said — or fourthly, what I said...[laughter]

King I lost count.

WINNER Because you were listening so closely.

King Too closely.

WINNER Yes, too closely — was that members of the United States Congress should not be allowed to raise money, when there's a legislative session — that members should not be allowed to raise money from federal lobbyists during a session.

King On the corporate end, about unions giving against the will of the member, should stockholders have the right to say whether a corporation can give?

WINNER No, Corporations should not be giving at all.

King Period?

WINNER There should be a ban on corporate soft money.

King You should agree with that, right?

LOSER Of course not, because there's a $1 billion...

King But today you called it a joke.

LOSER Yes, there's a $1 billion loophole in it.

King Which is?

LOSER And it's called individual contributions. Mr. Bernard Schwartz, who is the head of Loral Corporation, gave $1 million individually to the Clinton-Gore campaign in 1996. A series of events then took place. The transfer of technology to China that allowed them to improve the tech — their missile accuracy.

King Are you saying under his plan you could do that?

LOSER Under his plan, Mr. Schwartz could walk down there and give that $1 million check tomorrow. And that's the reason why this is...

WINNER  you can't give...

LOSER Yes, you — he can give...

WINNER John, there's a $1,000 limit.

LOSER He can give $1,000 to the RNC, the DNC or anybody else.



WINNER This is called the First Amendment, John.

LOSER That's what it's all about.

King One at a time. One at a time.

LOSER That's what it's all about.

LOSER Let me speak to this whole issue, because these folks sit here, two politicians, arguing about whether or not the people or the United States should have under the First Amendment the right peaceable to assemble and seek to petition the government and seek redress of their grievances.

I believe that all this talk where the politicians come in and say — think about this, they're going to control our ability to fund those processes through which we control their activities. And by controlling our funding, I presume they will utterly destroy our First Amendment right.

There should be no such regulation by politicians of what we the people can do in our own political process.

King But the Supreme Court ruled they could.

LOSER All of this — all of this...

King But the Supreme Court ruled...

LOSER Frankly, the Supreme Court has ruled Roe v. Wade and a lot of other stuff...

King Well, wait a minute, is the...

LOSER ... and as president of the United States — excuse me...

King Hold it..

LOSER ... as president of the United States I will — I will sit in an office that is co-equal with the Supreme Court, in which I will have an equal responsibility with the court for the interpretation of the Constitution.

King Do you — wait a minute. Do you agree that the court has the final word?

LOSER Let me finish.

King You don't think that...

LOSER The Constitution doesn't say that. Let me finish.

King The court is not the final word?

LOSER Let me finish, Larry. I think that it's very simple on campaign finance reform. Instead of saying that because these politicians can't act with integrity, we must give up our rights, Let the ones who don't have the integrity give up their offices.

And let's have a system that's very simple. No dollar vote without a ballot vote. Only individuals capable of voting...

King You share that view?

WINNER Yes, absolutely.

LOSER Publicize — let me finish, though. Publicize it immediately...

King Well, Alan.

LOSER ... so that people will know what's what and have no limits whatsoever on the freedoms of the people of this country.

King But you would limit. You just said you would limit.

WINNER No, I said that under the First Amendment...

King No unions.

WINNER That's corporate — that's money where people have no say, what he's saying. No corporate...

LOSER No unions, no corporate money, no foreign money. No dollar vote without a ballot vote.

WINNER We have — the great thing about this country is, individuals should be the participants in democracy. The ultimate extension of some of these campaign funding reform plans out of Washington, D.C., will mean that the people who decide who the candidates are and who the victors are will be the press. I'm sure you're looking forward to that opportunity.

King If I gave you $1 million, don't you have to take my phone call?

LOSER Sure. Ask any — ask any...

King Don't you owe me something?

WINNER Not necessarily. But let me say something.

King No.

LOSER ... ask any ex-senator, Larry. Ask any ex-senator, they'll tell you, they'll tell you. [laughter]

WINNER One of the things that we need to do — one of the things we need to do is to have full disclosure; is to let the sun shine in; is to let everybody know who's giving to whom. I have done that in this campaign. I put it on the Internet, who gave to whom. I've got a lot of contributors. My average contribution, by the way, is about $350 per person.

And I want you to know and I want you to know who's given because I don't want to hid anything.

So, this business about limiting individuals' capacity to put ads on the air — for example, I don't like some of the ads running about me. I don't like them at all.

We have the pro-abortion people running ads on me. I didn't like it. But it's their right in America to do so. This is America.

King Well, let me take a break. We'll come back. This is a two-minute break. There will be only one other break and that's in another half-hour. We'll reintroduce the candidates, like if you don't know them.

When we come back, we will get into other issues, including abortion, other key domestic issues as well.

This is a LARRY KING LIVE election special.

Don't go away. 

[television break]

King The primary is this Saturday. This is the BIPEC debate at Seawell's Banquet Center, in Columbia, South Carolina. And our guests are Alan Keyes, the former ambassador; Governor George W. Bush, the governor of Texas; and Senator John McCain, the Republican senator from Texas...

LOSER Arizona.

King From Arizona.

LOSER All right, thank you.

King I moved you over. [laughter] One state over.

LOSER I don't think I'm allowed in Texas. [laughter]

King True. Even a goof helps, when you want to have laughs.

OK, you say today that you're the reformer, you're the outsider. Yet 38 senators support you, 175 congressmen, and 26 governors. That's not establishment?

WINNER Well, let's start with the governors. Those who know me best support me.

King But isn't that establishment?

WINNER Let me finish. I've worked with the governors. They know me well. They know I can lead. These are citizens that care about the future of the country. They've stood up and said, We know the man's record, we know his capacity to bring people together, we know his record of reform in the state of Texas has had great results for our citizens, and we want him to be the leader.

And you mentioned the United States senators. Thirty-eight have endorsed my candidacy, for which I'm grateful. These are citizens from all around the world — all around the country, including one from South Carolina, named Strom Thurmond. They took a look at the three of us, and decided that I ought to be the leader. They're looking for a fresh voice from outside. They want somebody to provide leadership. And that's why they supported me.

You know, I got defined early on as the insider. And I kept telling people my ZIP code is Austin, Texas. That's where I made my stake. That's where I've developed my reputation, and that's where those results are coming from. And John and Alan both have got Washington, D.C., addresses — well, Maryland I guess.

And so I — anyway...

King OK, fair answer. He said he's still a reformer, he's still an outsider. They support him because they like him.

LOSER Well, it's fair to say that I did not win, again this year, Miss Congeniality in the United States Senate. So I have to admit that to you. [laughter]

King You're not popular in the Senate.

LOSER No, because I've taken on the iron triangle — special interests, money, and legislation — which we've been grid locked by in Washington, D.C. We've taken government away from the people.

And young people are being turned off in droves. And the fact is that I've been involved in lobbying gift — lobbying ban, gift ban, line-item veto. I've attacked pork-barrel spending and wasteful spending, which is now worse than it's ever been.

In fact, George said that he would have — he supported and would have signed a bill, Citizens Against Government Waste — it was the worst, most wasteful spending bill in history. And I fought against it. And I didn't make a lot of friends, because I point out these pork-barrel spendings, these wasteful spendings.

King So...

LOSER And I'll fight for reform until the last breath I draw so that we can get the American people back connected with their government.

I'm trying to change this party to bring it into the 21st century as a reform party in the tradition of Theodore Roosevelt.

King Alan?

LOSER I find it so fascinating, we talk about outsiders. I was so far outside this process at one point that the last cycle when we held this debate I wasn't allowed to participate in it.

King Here?

LOSER I think that's pretty far outside. That's right, here. And in Atlanta and elsewhere as well. The only reason I'm sitting here right now is because I articulate better than most anybody in this country what's on the heart of real Republicans and real conservatives around the country, and because I have been out there, not fighting in Washington, but fighting at the grass roots, as head, for instance, of Citizens Against Government Waste, where you value the praise, I did the work.

And so the point being that for both of these gentlemen, who have all the advantages, sit at the apex of a system that supports them in every way, darlings of the media, the person who's out there...[laughter]

Excuse me, the person who is out there striving at the grass roots right now to organize folks because of what they have in their heart, not what I have in my pocket, is Alan Keyes, and reaching folks to such a degree that everybody, even your supporters, acknowledge that the person who presents the Republican message best is sitting here, not sitting there.

And it's about time we asked ourselves...

King Then why aren't you — why aren't you doing better?

LOSER Why? The question I asked. Why on Earth don't we want to send our best person to face Al Gore and Bill Bradley, instead of sending folks into the debate, the half-hearted, the unconvicted, the folks who in point of fact can't make our case as well and effectively as we should make it?

King How do you respond to that?

WINNER Well, I respond to it. I put my record on the line in Texas. It's the second-biggest electoral state in the union. It's an important state. You better be able to carry Texas in order to become the president. And the people in my state gave me a chance to be the governor for the first time to hold four-year — consecutive year terms. I mean, I put my reputation out there. I'm a results-oriented person.

I want to say two things. One, I'm not the darling of the media. [laughter]

King And number two.

WINNER And number two, it's a fundamental question. And this is the question Who can go to Washington with an agenda that's positive and hopeful and optimistic and convince people to follow? Who can gather up support necessary? Who is it that's got the capacity to stand up in the halls of Congress and say, "Follow me"? Who has had the experience necessary to earn the will of the people?

King And you're saying that John doesn't.

WINNER Well, I'm saying — well, I'm saying — of the three of us here, I've had the experience and the results that prove I can do so. These are good men, don't get me wrong. But I've been there. I've been there.

I look forward to saying to those United States senators, Here's a fresh perspective.

King Well, if you have trouble getting along with them, doesn't he have a point?

LOSER I've had 234 major pieces of legislation and amendments passed when I've been in the United States Senate and Congress. One of the most successful records, whether it be in the area of reform, whether it be in the important issues of telecommunications, such as it be Y2K product liability, whether it be Internet tax moratorium, or whether it be in every major foreign policy issue that has confronted this country. My credentials are well know.

But I'll tell you what, the Republican Party has lost its way. They have selected an establishment candidate. I don't blame them for doing that. But they lost the last two presidential elections.

They lost the last two congressional elections. And unless we open up this party, unless we do what I did in New Hampshire, and that's get thousands and thousands of young people out to register to vote Republican, unless we get independents, reconstitute the old Reagan Democrats — I'm being criticized now because Democrats may like me.

I want to reconstitute that governing coalition. I can do it. I can lead and I have had experience in a lot of ways that will...

LOSER I think — I think that what we did last time we ran experience last time and it really worked well in terms of the result.

I would love to take both of these records and sit them in an empty chair in a debate against Al Gore and see who wins.

I think that we've got to remember that what you can do to stand before the American people, articulate what's on their heart, how it relates to the great principles of this country, and how we have to address those principles in order to enter the next century with the confidence that as a decent people we will retain our liberty, not keep handing it off to the government, that's the challenge we face, in a year, by the way, when — if the spokesman of the Republican Party isn't able to meet the moral challenge of this nation's life, we will lose the election because that's where the Democrats are vulnerable.

King Are you questioning the moral — are you questioning the moral challenge of...

LOSER I question their ability to articulate on the moral issues of our time, a clear and passionate and convicted case that can persuade and move the people of this country. And if you can't do it, by the way, in this election year, economy booming, world relatively at peace, if we don't go out and attack that moral flank exposed by Bill Clinton's lying, perfidy, oath-breaking, and utter shameless betrayal of our moral heritage, we will lose and we will deserve to lose.

King Let's take a moral issue...

WINNER Let me say one thing about this. This is a really important part of the debate. This is the fundamental issue that Republicans and independents in this state are going to have to look at Who can lead? Who can lead?

King Morally.

WINNER With all due respect.

King Are you talking morally?

WINNER Well, morally — any of us at this table can perform better than William Jefferson Clinton — any of us will bring honor to the office. 

But the fundamental question is, when we talk education, for example, who's got a record? Who's got a record of reform...

King And he...

WINNER Let me finish.

King His question was a moral question.

WINNER Well, that's part of it, no question about it. Part of it is to bring honor and dignity to the office and all three of us will do that. All three of us will do that.

But part of it as well is to earn the creditability of the American people, so like when we talk about education, who is it that has reformed the system? Who has got tangible results and can say that our test scores amongst African-American students or Hispanic students are up? Who's vision is it that is improving a lot of people? Because, you see, if we don't educate our children, it's unlikely that the American dream will be able to touch every willing heart. That's my record.

King Are you saying education, Governor, is a moral issue?

WINNER Well, I'm saying education is an incredibly important issue and if we don't educate our children, we're going to have real moral problems.

LOSER Could I make a quick comment? Look, the job that I want to take is to inspire a generation of young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interest; that's what the great presidents in history have been able to do.

On election day in New Hampshire, thousands of young people went out, registered Republican and voted and voted for me. Cindy and I got on a plane, arrived at the airport in Greenville at 300 a.m. There were 800 college students out there.

Now, I'll admit there was not a mosh pit, but there was certainly an enthusiastic group of young Americans out there. And that's the enthusiasm we're generating and that's what inspirational leadership is all about and I can do that.

LOSER Two things. I would have to say from — what would I — first, Senator McCain, you've served these youngsters enough beer. I suppose they'll look really enthusiastic. [laughter]

I frankly, I frankly ...

LOSER You know, that's quite a commentary on those young people.

LOSER Yes, it's quite a commentary on them. But it's quite a commentary on those who would take young folks, some of them not even of age, and serve them beer. But leave that aside.

King Are you saying he served beer to minors?

LOSER Well, look, he — he did not do this.

King OK.

LOSER I presume his campaign did. But second point though, let's take an example of leadership — leadership in this campaign. We had a controversy over Bob Jones University and its policies, right?

King Right.

LOSER Now it seems to me, when you have a problem like that, does leadership consist of going into Bob Jones University, where serious questions, in fact, do exist about religious bigotry and racial bigotry — going in, taking the applause, risking nothing, because you refuse to raise the issues? That's what G.W. Bush did.

Or does it consist of getting on your high horse, refusing to go talk to good-hearted Christian people, because you believed a bunch of prejudicial slanders in the press, and then staying away — not even carrying a message of integrity to them?

Or does it consist, in fact, in going in, carrying a message of truth and integrity about this country's moral principles, and then looking them in the eye and saying, "I'm a black Roman Catholic Christian, married to an Indian-American women. And if you can't deal with the demons of racial bigotry, and religious bigotry, and cast them out, you'll accomplish no good for this country"?

King Why...

LOSER Which is the better leader? You tell me.

King Why didn't you speak against bigotry at Bob Jones?

WINNER I was asked the question, do I support his policy of no interracial dating? I said, Of course not. Of course not. My little brother, Jeb, the governor of Florida married a girl named Columba, from Mexico — a fabulous part of our family, a great person.

So please don't insinuate, in any shape — way, shape or form, that I support...

King But they couldn't date...

WINNER Well, that's fine, but I walked in and talked about how our conservative cause must be compassionate. That's what I've talked about. I talked about how the principles of conservatism can lift the spirit of America, how we can improve people's lives, that's what I've talked about.

LOSER In your...

WINNER That's what I talked — you didn't hear my speech.

LOSER In your speech, sir, you said nothing about the religious bigotry and racial bigotry...

WINNER I — I talked...

LOSER ... that had in fact to be dealt with. On and "if asked" basis, these questions are not enough. What I did was look folks in the eye and tell them I'm willing to lose every vote over the issue of defending young babes in the womb, and I'm willing to lose every vote over the issue of standing with integrity against religious and racial bigotry.

King You did not speak...

LOSER What votes have these folks been willing to risk to stand for any principle?

King Don't dominate, Alan.

John.

LOSER Well, Alan, I've been taking a few risks in my life and I'm proud of those risks. Some of them are proudest points of my life.

Look, I was not invited to attend Bob Jones. I understand that it's a fine academic school. If I had been invited I would have gone and I would have started by saying, as I have gone to other places that people are not in favor of me, and I would have said, Look, what you're doing in this ban on interracial dating is stupid, it's idiotic and it is incredibly cruel to many people. I also happen to have an adoptive daughter who's from Bangladesh, and I don't think that she should be subjected to those kinds of things. In fact, I will stand up and fight against those. And so, look...

King But you would have gone and said that, but you weren't invited.

LOSER If I'd have been — if I'd have been invited, of course, because you've got to bring the message to get these people up into the modern times.

King And you said you went — you went to deliver a message.

WINNER I did.

King OK. Why didn't you then go to the Log Cabin Republicans, a gay group who you don't agree with, to deliver a message to them?

WINNER I've got gay supporters. I don't ask their sexual orientation, though.

King But I mean why didn't you speak, then, before that group?

WINNER Well, they had made a commitment to John McCain.

King Oh.

WINNER And...

King But they invited you.

WINNER Well,  wanted to come down and speak. And so...

LOSER I have no — no knowledge that they have made a commitment to my campaign.

WINNER Well, I thought they raised money for you.

LOSER It doesn't mean...

WINNER It doesn't matter. Let's talk about that issue. Each person needs to be judged with their heart and soul. I don't ask the question what somebody's sexual orientation is. I don't ask the question.

King So if you have gays working for you, that's fine. And you don't have a problem. You'd appoint gays in the Cabinet, et cetera.

WINNER Well, I'm not going to ask what their sexual orientation is.

King Oh, so you wouldn't know.

WINNER I'm going to appoint conservative people in the Cabinet. It's none of my business what somebody's — now when somebody makes it my business, like on gay marriage, I'm going to stand up and say I don't support gay marriage. I support marriage between men and women. King So if a state were voting on gay marriage, you would suggest to that state not to approve it?

WINNER The state can do what they want to do. Don't try to trap me in this state's issue like you're trying to get me into.

King You just did. You have an opinion. [laughter]

WINNER I have an opinion.

King Do you have...

WINNER In my state of Texas, if we tried to have gay marriage, I would campaign against it.

King If your state of Texas then proposed the Confederate flag, you would campaign against it?

WINNER We've got the Lone Star flag flying over Texas. Let's talk about that issue.

King We're going to move that. Are you offended?

LOSER Before we leave that issue, can I say — look, I met with the Log Cabin Republicans. I think Republicans and presidents should meet with every group. We should meet with every group of people. They don't have to agree or disagree.

And to say somehow that some people are excluded from our party who identify themselves as Republicans — I disagree with the Log Cabin Republicans on gay marriages, on the "don't ask/don't tell," on a broad variety of issues. But I agree with them on a stronger defense, lower taxes, less regulation. So we're in agreement on some issues.

And I, as president of the United States, and I as the nominee of my party, will meet with — and not necessarily agree with, everyone in the Republican Party.

King Do you — the senator's had a little less time, so I want to hear him out. Do you agree — as Barry Goldwater, who you succeeded in the Senate, I believe, told me once that there are gays at Normandy?

There are gays on Bataan?

LOSER I'm sure that all that is true.

King Why do you sort of...

LOSER ... but the fact is — but the fact is that those gays were people, as is today in the military, "don't-ask, don't-tell" situation. I strongly support that policy. I think that George does as well.

King Have there...

LOSER When you have people like General Colin Powell, General Norman Schwarzkopf, our most respected military leaders who tell us that that's the policy that works, that that's the best way we can have the finest army in the world — which we don't for other reasons — then I have to support a policy that the most respected people in America would support.

King Do you disagree?

LOSER Well, several things. It's a whole lot easier to go meet with homosexuals when, as Senator McCain said in a meeting the other day, "I understand you believe homosexuality is not a sin." If you believe it is a sin, then going and meeting with sinners and identifying yourself in that way when you're educating your children to think otherwise is a little harder for you.

King But you...

LOSER Now, I understand that that is — let me finish. I understand that that's an issue of conscience and I'm not trying to dictate it to anybody and wouldn't try to dictate. But we are living in a society today where there is the use of coercive government power to try to prevent people from speaking out and acting according to their religious view on this particular issue; trying to define hate-crimes in such a way that Biblical beliefs are going to become incitement to hatred. A lot of the Christian folks in this country understand what's going on, but apparently these two gentlemen don't.

The other thing that I would have to say, the "don't-ask, don't-tell" policy is typical of the Clinton administration. It is a dishonest, shameful, dishonorable policy that winks and nods at gay folks to get them into the military, leaves the regulations on the books so that people in authority, if they come into information that somebody has violated those regulations, don't know whether they should or should not enforce them.

King What would be your policy?

LOSER What happens in a military when you have regulations on the books that you selectively enforce in a way that shows favoritism? You undermine cohesion, morale, respect for authority...

King All right. Let's...

LOSER ... and honesty. Military people should be "what you see is what you get," not "don't ask, don't tell."

WINNER The role of the commander in chief is to clearly define what the mission of the military is. The mission of the military is to fight and be able to win war, and therefore prevent war from happening in the first place.

The commander in chief must let the general officers understand what the goal is and ask the general officers to prepare a military of high morale and high standing, capable of meeting that mission. And the senator is right. Generals came together and said, This is the best way for us to prepare our military for the mission. And that's what's important to understand as the commander in chief.

It is. That's what's important for the commander in chief, Alan.

LOSER I think it's a little disingenuous. The rest of us...

WINNER Nothing is disingenuous.

LOSER Let me finish. I just said a little disingenuous to pretend...[laughter]

Hold it — that the generals came together and begged for this policy, when we good and well know that it was a policy imposed by the political forces in this society...

King Well, let me put this way, what would...

LOSER ... to turn the military into an arena of sexual experimentation and the people...

King ... what would your policy be?

LOSER ... who are in charge politically didn't have the guts to stand up and defend their military against...

King All right, you're getting — hold it.

LOSER ... pressures. That's what happened.

WINNER You're getting repetitive.

LOSER That's what happened.

King What would your policy be?

LOSER I would return to the ban on homosexual activity in the military.

King Ban?

LOSER Return to the ban. It's the only policy consistent with both the integrity of the military, the effort to limit sexual tension throughout the military, and the need to have a policy that can be clearly understood and rigorously enforced.

King Why is that wrong?

LOSER I don't mind being criticized by Alan Keyes. It's getting to be a regular kind of routine in these debates. But I really do question his comments about our military leaders.

General Colin Powell is one the finest men I've ever known in my life.

And to somehow infer that General Colin Powell was coerced, or forced to adopt a policy that he didn't believe in is a great disservice to one of the greatest men in the history of this country.

LOSER Who — excuse me...

King By the way, since we...

LOSER ... a point of personal privilege, it is not factually on the record — you go back and take a look. Those military leaders did not favor this policy in the beginning. They were brought to favor it after political leadership failed to stand up in their defense.

King Is he going to be — either of you — the secretary of state — Colin Powell?

LOSER Sure.

King Sure?

LOSER That's one thing I'm sure we'll agree on.

King Your secretary of state, too?

WINNER I'm not telling.

King It's definite that you're saying yes?

LOSER Oh, he'd be marvelous.

WINNER Oh, he's a great man, no question about it. But one of the things we shouldn't be doing, right here on the eve of the South Carolina primary, is speculating out loud on who we're going to pick.

King Why?

WINNER Well, because it's — listen, we're talking about philosophy. You know, we go to one state and so-and-so is going to be in the Cabinet, you know, and go to another state and name somebody else. That's kind of — that cheapens the process. What we need to do is get elected on principles and issues.

LOSER There's a few outstanding men I've had the chance to know in my life. He can serve anywhere he wants to in my administration.

WINNER He's a great man, no question about that.

LOSER Anywhere he wants. He's the 800-pound gorilla.

WINNER How about your administration?

King All right, Alan.

LOSER Well, let me just say, I think I'm going to wait and see. The kind of folks who are putting together the Keyes campaign will be offering an entirely different perspective on our politics, because all of them come from the grass roots of this country, and speak for its heart.

King Ten years ago — sorry, eight years ago on this program, I asked Vice President Quayle what he would do in the terrible instance that his daughter needed an abortion. He's very pro-life. And he said, Well, he'd try to talk her out of it. And he would go with her to the clinic. And hold her hand and love her.

WINNER Yes. I'm not...

King Would you?

WINNER I'm not going to drag my daughter into the discussions. I don't...

King What do you mean? All right, your niece.

WINNER No, I'm not dragging personal. Look, you want my views on abortion, I'll give you my views on abortion.

King Should...

WINNER I believe the next president should set this goal for America Every child, born and unborn, protected in law and welcomed into life. That's what the next president ought to do. The president — and the question is which one of us can lead America to appreciate life.

The political questions around abortion are these, and this is one that's going to differentiate us from the Democrat nominee, for example, is I will sign a ban on partial-birth abortion. All three of us will sign a ban on partial-birth abortion. Vice President Gore, if he's the nominee, will sit there and justify partial-birth abortion. I don't know how he can justify partial-birth abortion.

A leader is someone that brings people together and understand the power of adoption. John is a loving adoptive parent, that's a — it's a loving act, it's a loving alternative to abortion.

A leader is someone who brings people together, both Republicans and Democrats in my state, to pass a parental notification law, a parental notification law that will reduce abortions in the state of Texas.

King Should the woman be punished, John?

LOSER No.

King She starts the crime.

LOSER George, do you believe in the exemption in abortion, case of abortion, for rape, incest and life of the mother?

WINNER Yes, I do. I do.

LOSER Then, you know, it's interesting, you were talking about printed material that's mailed out. Here's one that says that George W. Bush supports the pro-life plank. The pro-life plank...

WINNER I do.

LOSER Yes. So in other words...

WINNER Yes...

LOSER ... your position is that you believe there's an exemption for rape, incest and the life of the mother, but you want the platform that you're supposed to be leading to have no exemption.

WINNER Yes, but...

LOSER Help me out there, will you?

WINNER I will, I will.

LOSER Thank you.

WINNER The platform talks about — it doesn't talk about what specifically should be in the constitutional amendment. That's...

LOSER It doesn't have...

WINNER No...

LOSER ... the exemptions in it.

WINNER Please let me finish, John.

LOSER And you know that very well.

WINNER John, let me finish, let me finish. The platform speaks about a constitutional amendment.

It doesn't refer to how that constitutional amendment ought to be defined. It does not...

LOSER If you read...

WINNER John...

LOSER ... the platform, it has no exceptions.

WINNER John, I think we need to keep the platform the way it is. This is a pro-life party. We need to...

LOSER Then, you were...

WINNER May I finish, please?

LOSER ... contradictory...

WINNER May I finish, please?

LOSER ... you were contradictory in...

King All right.

WINNER Please. We need to be a pro-life party. We need to say, "life is precious" and that's what our platform refers to. And that's why we need to leave it the same.

Now, I fully recognize good people can disagree on this issue. But the fundamental question amongst the Republicans is which one of us has got the capacity to lead our nation to understand the value of life; those of living, those yet unborn, and those elderly in America who are subject to physician-assisted suicides, for example?

King Alan, you say a life is a life, period, right?

LOSER No. First of all, I think that's a perfect illustration; this discussion of the problem we've got in the party. One individual who doesn't really accept the pro-life position of the party, and another who says he accepts it, but then takes positions that are inconsistent with it, so when push comes to shove he won't be able to defend it. And both willing to take at a personal level a position that will destroy you in debate against the Democrats.

When Al Gore stands there or Bill Bradley and looks you in the eye, one of you or the both of you, and says, Senator McCain, you said your daughter, that would be her decision. It would be up to her to decide, how on Earth can you represent a party that would take away from every other American woman what you would give to your own daughter?

These are folks — let me finish — who take a position that they can't defend and will then go out and represent us in such a way that we get defeated by our opponents. Isn't it time we...

King OK. Are we...

LOSER ... stopped doing this because this doesn't make any sense?

King All right. We owe Senator McCain some time so I'm going to let him take the stage.

LOSER I told you this once before, Alan, and I'm sorry I have to tell you again; I've seen enough killing in my life, a lot more than you have. I know — I know how valuable and precious human life is, and I will not listen to your lectures about how I should treat this very important issue of the sanctity of human life. So, I hope you'll give me the respect that I give you and do not bring, please, my daughter into it.

It's a family decision. Thank you very much.

LOSER See, but it's a family decision...

Excuse me. Let's be fair.

LOSER Thank you very much.

LOSER Let's be fair to the American people, Senator.

LOSER Hold it. Thank you very much. Let's leave my daughter out of it please.

LOSER Let's be fair to the American people. You are taking a position. I'm a pro-life person. That pro-life position applies to women who are daughters and who are wives.

King And who are raped.

LOSER We had better be able to stand before the American people and justify what we stand for in applying to my daughter and your daughter and everybody's daughter.

King I've got to get a break.

LOSER And if you're not willing to do it, you can't defend our position.

King We've got to get a break. Alan — Alan, got to get a break.

We'll be right back with more. We have a half-hour to go. And by the way, Jeff Greenfield will moderate a panel talking about what you're watching. Don't go away.

[television break]

King We're back on this special LARRY KING LIVE election 2000 edition, coming to you from Seawell's Banquet Center in Columbia, South Carolina under the auspices of BIPEC, the South Carolina Business and Industry Political Education Committee.

Senator McCain, much has been made in these past debates about tax proposals — yours and George Bush's — and we know that Alan Keyes is against the tax.

Would you simply for me, what's the essential difference between your's and the governor's?

LOSER We have two surpluses, one that goes into the Social Security trust fund. There's $2 trillion there. If George Bush or Alan Keyes, or Donald Duck were president of the United States, there would be $2 trillion in there because that's the payroll tax that people pay. Then we have the other non-Social Security surplus.

I want a balanced approach. A working families tax cut — Governor Bush has 38 percent of his tax cut go to the wealthiest one percent of Americans — pay down the debt, Social Security and Medicare.

If we're going to save Social Security, we've got to take a bunch of the non-Social Security surplus, pump it into the Social Security system, because we all know that it's going broke. If we do that, then people can then invest part of their own payroll taxes in investments of their choice.

The difference between Governor Bush's proposal and mine, is that I put a whole lot of money into Social Security, Medicare and paying down the debt. He puts a whole lot of money into tax cuts.

And that's the difference.

King And why, before he responds, is reducing the debt more important than a tax cut?

LOSER Because we'd lay this obligation on another generation of young Americans — $3.6 trillion. At town hall meeting after town hall meeting, I have average Americans stand up to me and say to me, Senator McCain, all these years of running deficits, we've accumulated this debt. We're paying more interest — as much interest, almost, on it as we are in spending on national defense. We ought to pay down that debt, and not saddle the next generation of young Americans with it.

King One of the problems in selling that, though, is the debt doesn't call you. The debt doesn't bug you today, right?

LOSER Look...

King Right? I mean, it didn't...

LOSER Look, Alan Greenspan just recently said we shouldn't have these massive tax cuts like Governor Bush is proposing. We should pay down the debt. But working families need the tax cut.

King Governor?

LOSER What Alan Greenspan said, is if it's possible to discipline Congress to pay down the debt, that's fine. But short of being able to discipline Congress — which I don't think we can do — that we ought to have a tax cut. That's exactly what Alan Greenspan said.

Now my plan is this. There is a $4 trillion projected surplus. $2 trillion of it goes, as John mentioned, to Social Security — which by the way, pays down debt in the Social Security system. We retire $2 trillion of debt. I spent about have of that — the remaining — on tax cuts, and half of it as a cushion, perhaps more debt repayment, perhaps emergency spending.

The difference between our plans is, I know who's money it is we're dealing with. We're dealing with the government — we're dealing with the people's money, not the government's money. And I want to give people their money back.

And if you're going to have a tax cut, everybody ought to have a tax cut. This kind of Washington, D.C., view about targeted tax cuts is tax cuts driven by polls and focus groups. If you pay taxes in America, you ought to get a tax cut. Under my plan, if you're a family of four in South Carolina, making $50,000, you get 50-percent tax cut. I've reduced the lower rate from 15 percent to 10 percent, which does this — and this is important. There are people on the outskirts of poverty, like single moms who are working the toughest job in America. If she has two kids, and making $22,000, for every additional dollar she earns, she pays a higher marginal rate on her taxes than someone making $200,000.

You bet I cut the taxes at the top. That encourages entrepreneurship. What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher.

WINNER But I also hear those voices, Larry, I hear those voices on the outskirts of poverty. And I've got a plan that says to her, We're going to reduce the tolls to the middle class. That's what we're saying. We reduce their high marginal rate.

If somebody's working hard, they ought to put more money in their pocket. And there's a fundamental difference of opinion.

So my plan saves and strengthens Social Security. It pays down debt. But it recognizes the most risky proposition is to leave money to be spent in Washington, D.C.

King The person making $1 million a year gets what kind of reduction?

WINNER Goes from 39.6 to 33 percent. But by far the most...

LOSER It's $50,000.

WINNER Let me finish please. But by far the vast majority of my tax cuts go to the bottom end of the spectrum. And this language about Governor Bush's only has tax cuts for the rich, sounds exactly like Al Gore.

LOSER See, that's what he took offense of when I talked about Bill Clinton.

But let me just make one comment. It's not — it's not the Washington mentality, it's the grown-up mentality. It's the grown-up mentality that recognizes that we have obligations and we've got to pay them off.

Again — again, George says that if it come in Washington, Congress might do something about it — assume it might spend it. Assuming that the president of the United States is a hapless bystander.

Right now Bill Clinton is forcing the Congress of the United States, with threats of veto and shutdown of the government, to spend more money. I, as president of the United States, will force with vetoes and threats of shutdown, the government to pay less. And I believe that's what a president can do...

WINNER Excuse me. Let me say one thing else.

LOSER And I — if they override my veto, I'll make them famous.

WINNER [off-mike] he had a long time.

LOSER Because I can stop it. I won't be a hapless bystander. I won't say Congress will just spend the money.

WINNER Let me stop

King Alan has got to go yet.

WINNER ... one thing and then he can speak. That shows the difference in mentality. I don't trust Congress, I trust people. And I want to give people their money back. This is a realistic plan that I am going to get done.

And John, you know, grown-up or non-grown-up. You know — I know that's kind of a line you're trying to come across with.

King Pretty good one.

WINNER No. It's weak.

King That sounds pretty good.

WINNER Weak. Either you trust the people or you trust government. And our Republican Party ought to stand for trusting the people to spend their own money. To give people — the taxes are the highest they've been since World War II.

Sorry.

LOSER Don't apologize. Because I actually think that last sentiment is exactly right.

WINNER Thank you.

LOSER Don't trust the people, trust the government. The only problem is, if you really...

WINNER No, trust the people.

LOSER If you really — no, if you're going to — right. [laughter]

WINNER You should trust the people. Yes.

LOSER Trust the people, yes. If you're going to trust the people then why have this debate in which you have two folks arguing over how they're going to use their gatekeeper role to determine how much of your own money you get to keep? That's what the income tax system does to America.

It is not the system our founding fathers put in place. The system they put in place as compatible with the status of a truly free people, is a system where you go out, you earn $100, you bring that hundred dollars home, and until you decide what to do with it the government doesn't get a look at it. Let me finish.

King And who lights your street lamp?

LOSER You don't — let me finish — you don't wait for the government to — you don't have to wait for some politician to give you your tax cut. By avoiding expenditures on the taxed items out there you will be able to avoid the tax. Why? Because under that original Constitution the government was funded with tariffs, duties and excise taxes, sales taxes, that you don't pay on your income. And since you don't pay them on your income, by the way, you don't get into this humiliating business of having these politicians arguing over how much of your own money you get to keep and you don't...

King Do any of you favor excise taxes?

LOSER Let me finish. You didn't interrupt their description of their plan, don't interrupt mine.

King Yes, because they're owed so time and you're not. [laughter]

LOSER One last question, because it's also true, though...

LOSER How surprising.

LOSER ... it's also true, you don't have this humiliating business of politicians arguing over how much money you get to keep. And you are also put in a position finally where you control every last dollar of your own money and you have the first use of it. That's what we should be debating over...

King We started the...

LOSER ... they shouldn't have this control they're arguing about.

King I started the tax cut with Senator McCain, this question will be for the governor.

The governor of Illinois, a supporter of yours, has stopped all executions in his state, discovering that people were freed for not doing the crime — they got out because of DNA.

Can we assume that that's a pretty good idea if DNA is proving people — a lot of people have been released from prison, from death-row, that you should curtail executions in Texas?

WINNER None.

King No?

WINNER No. I've presided over executions in my state. I'm actually convinced that everybody who was convicted was guilty of the crime.

King Are you...

WINNER Let me finish.

King ... convinced that everybody on death-row now is guilty?

WINNER That we'll adjudicate those cases when they come up for...

King But what if someone isn't?

WINNER Let me finish. If someone isn't, they should be put to death.

King Well, but...

WINNER Let me finish. Let me finish. We've had a series of people executed in my state. These are people who were found guilty by a jury of their peers. These are people who have had full access to the courts of law. There's no doubt in my mind that each person who's been executed in our state was guilty of the crime committed.

I support the death penalty for this reason When the death penalty is administered in a shift and sure and fair way, it will save lives. It will save lives.

King Well, let's say an innocent is electrocuted.

WINNER No one has been executed...

King But Illinois knows that...

WINNER Well, if that's the case, then that's fine for the governor to do what he did. You're asking — I'm the governor of Texas. I presided...

King If you found...

WINNER ...over executions in my state.

King If DNA got some people off Texas — off the death row...

WINNER Then we would examine every case on death row. But you're asking me...

King If we...

WINNER You're asking me about the people who have been put to death in my state and this...

King And you know they all did it.

WINNER Yes, absolutely.

King How do you stand on this?

LOSER Oh, I think that the new technology of DNA would, I think, provoke a review, clearly, of cases that may be questionable, but I certainly wouldn't abandon the death penalty. But if there is evidence that maybe there is some controversy where a DNA, with this new technology, could help authenticate the fact that the person was guilty of the crime committed, there's nothing wrong with that.

But I think it's important that we recognize that the death penalty is an appropriate punishment for some crimes.

King Do you agree?

LOSER I think that's absolutely right.

King Even though...

LOSER I think in fact the death penalty is required if we're to show proper respect for life in the morality that we inculcate through the law.

The law has to be the first educator, and the death penalty is part of educating people that there's an absolute line you shouldn't cross.

King All right, hopscotching to some other things, what do you think about racial profiling, Governor?

WINNER Against it.

King And if you were president, you would sign that executive order that would...

WINNER I would work with state police authorities to make sure they don't racially profile.

LOSER Of course, of course, but let me point out now that we had some people come across our — or try to come across our border — that were terrorists. If you can specifically identify a suspect, and have the drawing that — the description then clearly, you will want to stop people that fit that description.

King But you don't stop everyone with a turban or a...

LOSER But you don't stop — you don't stop everybody just for any reason. But let's be clear. The security of our borders was nearly violated a short time ago, and we have to be far more vigilant than we've been in the past.

King Alan?

LOSER I know everybody thinks that this doing some favor to a racial group, but if our police and enforcement people have the experience that a given crime is disproportionately being committed by folks from a given ethnic group, we are now going to pass a law that says you can't notice that?

I — I...

King But they haven't done the crime yet.

LOSER Excuse me, no, no. All I'm saying is we're going to pass a law and we're going to enforce a law that says that we can't notice the characteristics of individuals who commit crimes and develop profiles to help folks pursue the solving of crimes based on our experience.

Experience by the way is not prejudice. Prejudice is an opinion you form apart from experience, prior to experience. An opinion formed based on experience is not prejudice. It is judgment. And I think our law enforcement officers ought to be able to...

King You wouldn't mind being stopped by a car if there was a high prevalence of...

LOSER You know the person I would blame for that? If there are black folks out there disproportionately committing certain kinds of crime, my parents raised me to know that I represent the race in every thing I do. And I wish that everybody would take that attitude and stop committing crimes and doing things that bring a bad reputation on to people.

King But if you were stopped...

LOSER That's what I resent.

King ... if you were stopped you wouldn't be angry?

LOSER I just told you who I would be angry at.

WINNER We had — we had an advance man of mine, an Hispanic guy in the state — earlier primary state — I'm not going to tell you which one — who got stopped. And he got stopped because he was in the wrong part of town evidently. And I didn't appreciate that.

Now you know, this...

LOSER George is right. Some bad things have happened. They should be stopped.

King All right. This conservative-liberal thing, are you saying John McCain is a liberal?

WINNER No, I'm not.

King Well, you mentioned conservative lie, implying that he is not...

WINNER No, I'm not implying anything. John — John McCain can define his own positions, and I'll define mine.

King Do you think he is a conservative?

WINNER Yes. I also think he's a fine man.

King Why mention conservative in a race where everybody's conservative?

WINNER Because I'm more conservative on certain issues.

LOSER Because we all...[laughter]...we don't like to go around portraying ourselves as liberals. [laughter]

That's number one.

WINNER You see, let me say something about all this business. And you know — and I know, your taking umbrage of John, and arguing. But the truth of the matter is, what we're trying to do is to nominate somebody to end the Clinton era. That's exactly what we're in the process of doing. Our objective is to end the Clinton era in Washington, D.C. And that's what this primary is all about. And one of us is going to emerge. One of us is going to emerge.

And the objective has got to breathe some common sense and integrity into Washington, D.C. That's what the primary's all about.

LOSER That is wonderful, you know.

King No, let John go, so we can get squared on time. John.

LOSER I believe that...

King By the way I call you by your first names. Forgive me, but I know you all so well, and so long, that sometimes it slips. I don't say Governor. I don't say Ambassador. I don't say Senator.

WINNER We won't hold it against you.

King OK, thank you. [laughter]

LOSER Please call me Senator. [laughter]

Or Your Highness. Look, George Bush is a good man. Alan Keyes is a good man. We have some differences of opinion. This campaign spiraled down. I want the negativism out of it. The people of South Carolina deserve better than what they're getting, and we want to lift up America, and not tear down people.

But let me just say, I'm a proud conservative.

I believe that my two opponents are proud conservatives. But what this is really all about is articulation of a vision for the future of this country and how we'll lead it. No one knows what challenges we face, both foreign and domestic, as we go into the next century. And I think this campaign is all about vision.

King Do you think you've been labeled liberal?

LOSER Well, I've been labeled everything except — I think they missed fascist. [laughter]

But this is — listen, ask observers, this is probably the nastiest campaign that people have seen in a long time. But look, I'm enjoying it. This is a great and exhilarating experience.

King But you are...

WINNER John, you're...

LOSER I'm Luke Skywalker getting out of the Death Star.

WINNER John, if I look...

John, hey John, one thing is...

LOSER I'm having a lot of fun this campaign. And I'm enjoying it very, very much.

WINNER Listen, you're playing the victim here. Wait a minute. Remember who called who untrustworthy.

LOSER You remember who made the first ad that said I was going to raise taxes by $40 billion, George.

LOSER Can I make a substantive remark here? [laughter]

I would like — I would like...

WINNER Please do. Please do so.

LOSER Excuse me. The rhetoric sounds good about ending the Clinton era and not — and let everybody be called conservative. But words have no meaning if you can apply those words to things so radically different that they have no similarities. So let's not disrespect the language.

And I find it hard to believe one is going to end the Clinton era by continuing his policies of "don't ask, don't tell" in the military, continuing his trade policies toward the World Trade Organization and China and so forth and so on, basically continuing federal domination of education, continuing the income tax system. We have folks calling themselves conservative all over the map who are just going to continue the same junk we get from the Clinton administration.

King All right.

LOSER What's the point of the label?

King Does it annoy you that the president's performance rating is high? Character rating low, performance rating high.

WINNER It doesn't amaze me.

King It doesn't.

WINNER I mean, it doesn't annoy me, it amazes me. It amazes me.

King You mean because people think he's doing a good job amazes you.

WINNER Yes. It must be the Dow Jones industrial average. There's much more to life than the Dow Jones industrial average.

King Two percent unemployment?

WINNER The Dow Jones industrial average is high, but there's a lot of people wondering whether or not the future in America belongs to them. Our failed schools are creating two societies in this country, and we better have a president to do something about it. And if you're suggesting I'm going to federalize the education system like you have, you don't know my plan, you just don't know my plan.

King How do you explain — how do you explain the performance?

LOSER I explain it because we are in such incredibly prosperous economic times. But there are also polls that show, for example, 54 percent of the American people are suffering from, quote, "Clinton fatigue." And as fast and as far as the vice president wants to run away from him, there's an old saying that you might remember about Joe Louis said about Billy Cohn, and this is true about Al Gore He can run, but he can't hide.

King Do you — all of you, expect a tough race in November, is that correct? I mean...

WINNER Well, let me say one other thing about Clinton. There's not a lot of mothers and dads naming their sons Bill Clinton. [laughter]

King All right, I want to — I want to — we've got about 10 minutes left...

LOSER Jefferson, perhaps. [laughter]

WINNER Yes.

King We've got about 10 minutes left, and I'm going to give each of you a kind of minute and a half to wind things up. So in these final moments, just some hopscotching for topics around the world.

Mideast, Jerusalem, should it be the capital of Israel?

WINNER Yes.

King Yes?

LOSER I think we ought to recognize it, yes.

LOSER Immediately. And that'll make the peace process much simpler.

King Simpler?

LOSER Sure. Because as soon as the Palestinians and others know exactly where that capital is, then it'll be off the table.

King Should the United States be involved in trying to settle — not with arms — disputes?

LOSER Yes, absolutely. We should show that leadership.

King We should have been involved in Ireland and England and...

LOSER I think it's part of the role we play, given our position in the world, yes. Where we can play it constructively, we ought to do it.

LOSER I give Senator George Mitchell and the Clinton administration credit for a fine job in Northern Ireland.

Not any place else in the world that I can think of. But sure we should.

And again, I want to point out that being made world's number one superpower has great luxuries, it also has great responsibilities and we have to understand those.

King Will you...

WINNER Actually, unfortunately, the Mitchell effort was a good effort but it's falling apart and — but I think we ought to work to keep the peace. And the danger is is that a president who worries about his standing in the polls will try to impose an American solution. For example, in the Middle East, we can't have that. In order for there to be a real peace, both parties must agree to the terms, they must come to an agreement amongst themselves. And so, the role of the United States is to encourage and to mediate.

King Are you saying that as president the polls won't matter?

WINNER They shouldn't matter. I mean, I'm talking about whether or not somebody, you know, is trying to earn a Nobel Peace Prize; and, therefore, take our friends and demand that our friends accept something that's unacceptable to their people. We can't be a — we can't dictate the terms of the peace and we must lead the process to achieve peace.

King Does public opinion count?

LOSER As president of the United States, on a foreign policy issue, I will never take a poll. If in June of 1950, when North Korea attacked South Korea, if Harry Truman had taken a poll, we'd have never gone; that was an important chapter in our winning the Cold War.

I will never take a poll. In the most obscene chapter in recent American history is the conduct of the Kosovo conflict when the president of the United States refused to prepare for ground operations, refused to have air power used effectively because he wanted them flying — he had them flying at 15,000 feet where they killed innocent civilians because they were dropping bombs from such — in high altitude.

No, I will never, ever take a poll on a matter of national security.

LOSER Well, I don't take polls in politics now, so I certainly wouldn't be taking polls in foreign policy. But I would say this, though. I hope that by that, you don't mean to imply that the president doesn't have a responsibility to develop a sound base of political support in this country for his foreign policy.

In Vietnam, we learned the horrid results that occur when you don't have that kind of presidential leadership.

So polls, no polls — you do have a responsibility to represent the American people, and to persuade them of what you are doing in foreign policy, and not to commit them to war unless they support you in it.

King We discussed the nuclear question earlier. Are any of you in favor of reduction of nuclear arms?

WINNER Not yet.

King No?

WINNER I want to make sure the Russians comply with SALT.

LOSER No, because we need to continue the triad. Before we break one of those legs, we'd better be pretty sure that they're not necessary. But we do need to pursue weapons — we do need to pursue ballistic defense systems.

And I want to say, I'm going to call some admirals and generals over, and some civilian secretaries over to the White House, and knock some heads together. We need more progress on this missile defense system.

WINNER Well, it's a failure of leadership in the Clinton administration. They just don't want to put something in place.

King Tax the Internet?

WINNER I think we need to keep a moratorium in place. We don't know what the world is going to look like three to five years from now. And I think we ought to keep the moratorium in place.

LOSER I'd keep the moratorium in place for a while. But I also would forewarn people that commerce on the Internet — once the whole thing gets established, and you have the infrastructure and base for it, is going to be taxed. I think it's unfair to lie to folks about that, because eventually, as enough commerce moves into that arena, don't tell me the politicians will resist it, because they won't.

LOSER As president of the United States, I will veto any bill that crosses my desk that reinstitutes the sales tax.

We've got to make it permanent so these people that are making huge and massive investments in the Internet will have the confidence that it won't be taxed.

Look we can't choke this baby in the cradle. I don't care about these governors. We're talking about the engine of America's...[laughter]...economy. And they ought to understand that. They're running surpluses. They ought to get their greedy hands off it so that American economy can grow and develop as it should...

WINNER Are you suggesting that governors are greedy? [laughter]

LOSER It's the not the governors. The governors are speaking for a lot of people out there, working in the non-virtual marketplace who are going to look at it awfully strangely that they're operating a little store in their town and they're going to be taxed, but somebody who goes out to the Internet, once it is established, isn't going to be taxed. I see no grounds for it.

King Do you...

LOSER Once it is established we should treat it like any other business.

WINNER There should be no access tax on the Internet — there should be no federal tax on the Internet...

LOSER No state tax...

WINNER Wait a minute. What we need to do is make sure we understand before we say something like that, that we know where the world is headed. We're just learning and that's why the moratorium is important...

LOSER We've learned enough...

King We're close on time. Do you — do you gentlemen think that inherently that any American is entitled to get a prescription?

WINNER Inherently any American is entitled?

King Yes, in other words that — entitled. In other words, if someone needs a drug...

WINNER Inherently, what our elderly need is a modern Medicare plan that will provide prescription drug benefits, just like federal employees get.

King Does everybody — in other words, do you feel everybody who needs a prescription should get it?

WINNER Do I feel that health care ought to be affordable and accessible? Yes, I do. But it's not going to be affordable and accessible if we have an Al Gore or a Bill Clinton try to nationalize health care.

LOSER I think you have to be very careful because if you say that, then that means that somebody else, whether they're paid or not, is obliged to provide that prescription drug.

King Yes, but you don't want to let someone die.

LOSER Excuse me. Excuse me, but that's slave labor, sir. I think we need a market-oriented system that is going to provide access and benefits to all. And that's what I would work to achieve.

LOSER Every American should have access to health insurance. But we've got a big problem in America right now, and that's seniors who can't afford prescription drugs. And we've got to address that right now. And if it requires a government program, then I'll support a government program to do that.

King What's going to happen Saturday in Carolina?

WINNER Right here?

LOSER We're going to have an election. [laughter]

King No, I mean, are you going to win?

WINNER Yes, I am going to win. And the reason why is because the people have heard my message. That I'm coming with a message of — as a reformer who's gotten positive results in education, in welfare, in business growth.

King Alan, how're you going to do?

LOSER It's in God's hands. I have no...[laughter]

King If he turns you down, do you get mad at him?

LOSER God doesn't turn you down. He just does the right thing in his way instead of yours.

King Senator McCain?

LOSER We're going to do just fine. I think, we're going to do just fine.

King What does that mean?

LOSER I think we're probably going to win. I think it's going to be close.

But really, you know, when you talk about reform, the key to reform is getting the government out of the hands of the special interests. And you've got to have a real campaign finance reform plan, not one that leaves a $1 billion loophole.

King We have exactly three and a half minutes left. A minute each. Alan, anything you want to say?

LOSER Well, I think it's just very important that Republicans go to the polls and vote their heart and conscience. I've been hearing from too many people that they think I say the right things, I represent the right vision for the country, it is the way we ought to go, we need to restore our moral priorities, our allegiance to the principle that our rights come from God and must be exercised with respect for the authority of God, reclaim our liberties, abolish the income tax, get school choice in place in a comprehensive way. And now I ask, You going to vote for me? No.

You never get what you want if you don't vote for what you believe in. If you don't have the guts to vote your conscience, then this country will never get back on the right track.

King Governor Bush?

WINNER Well, I want to thank all my friends here in South Carolina. There have been a lot of folks who have worked hard on my behalf. They've heard my message that if you're sick and tired of the gridlock in Washington, let's bring a leader into Washington, D.C. If your tired of this business about pitting one group of people against another, why don't we have a uniter, not a divider as a leader? If you want somebody who's going to have an agenda that is positive and hopeful and optimistic; a growth agenda for our economy, a peace agenda for the world, an education agenda that refuses to leave children behind, they're hearing that call. They're saying, We want Government Bush.

And so I want to thank the people of this state and I want to ask for the vote. I want you to go out to the polls on my behalf on Saturday and vote for me. And if you're for me, take some friends and neighbors with you. [laughter]

King Senator McCain?

LOSER I want to thank the people of South Carolina for their wonderful and warm reception, and friendships that we have made here — the town hall meetings, the trips all around the state have been truly marvelous.

I want to reform the government, obviously. I want to reform education, the military, health care. I can't do that unless we get the government out of the hands of the special interests. Some have come lately to the reform agenda. I've been there for years, and I've been fighting it and we'll win as we've won on other reform issues.

But most of all, I'd like to end up by recounting a story that happened at my 100th town hall meeting in New Hampshire. A lady stood up and she looked me in the eye and she didn't have a question. She said, Senator McCain, it's vitally important to me that the next president of the United States always tell me the truth. I promise you as president of the United States, based on my life, my principles and the caution of my old dear friends, I will always tell you the truth, no matter what.

King You'd take the same oath?

WINNER Absolutely.

LOSER Of course.

King We want to thank everyone here. The South Carolina Business and Industry Political Education Committee, BIPEC, for putting this thing together in extraordinary circumstances. We want to thank Senator McCain and Ambassador Keyes and Governor Bush. Want to thank Seawell's Banquet Center here in Columbia. Want to urge you to vote on Saturday if you live in South Carolina. There are two big primaries coming next week too Michigan and Arizona. Please vote there.

Also stay tuned as Jeff Greenfield will moderate a panel following this debate about this debate.

From Columbia, South Carolina, for all the folks here in the room, for our candidates, thank you very much for joining us. I'm Larry King. Good night. 


MODERATOR Good evening and thank you for joining us for this final round of presidential debates before Tuesday's primary here in New Hampshire. This evening we offer voters in this state and across the nation an unusual opportunity to see Republicans square off and then the Democrats on the same night in back-to-back debates.

MODERATOR The Republican contenders will go first. During the next 90 minutes, Karen and I will be posing different questions to each of these candidates. Then we will ask questions that all the candidates will answer. The candidates will also have time to question one another and then to give closing remarks.

MODERATOR We want to welcome the five Republican candidates who are with us here tonight. Former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer. Senator John McCain of Arizona. Texas Governor George W. Bush. Publisher Steve Forbes. And former State Department official Alan Keyes. By draw, we determined that we would begin the questioning with Gary Bauer.

Good evening, Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Hi, Karen. How are you?

MODERATOR Good. Let me ask you this. There's been relatively little discussion on the issue of health care between the Republican candidates for president. Here in New Hampshire, 73 percent of uninsured families have at least one family member who is working full time, yet they cannot afford coverage for their families, which would cost anywhere from $7,000 to $10,000 a year. What do you propose to help these families?

LOSER Karen, there are a lot of things we can do. I'm in favor of medical savings accounts so that in good years people can put a little bit of money aside that they can take off of their taxes and then if there's a medical crisis the next year they can use it for that or for health insurance costs.

I think we can do things on the whole area of the Patient Bill of Rights.

I think a lot of people in my party got off on the wrong foot on this. My 76 year-old mother has to deal with an HMO. Why in the world would somebody think it's a conservative idea or a Republican idea to say that she shouldn't have the right to get redress if she's the victim of a medical malpractice.

I think we need to do something on long-term care and on prescription drugs. And what I would do is let older Americans buy into the really nice health care plan that politicians in Washington, D.C., have. They've got a great plan that covers them and federal employees. They get to pick among 200 policies that cover things like long-term care and prescription drugs. We can let older Americans buy into that plan and end up saving tens of billions of dollars in Medicare while providing better coverage for more Americans.

So, those are some of the things we can do.

MODERATOR A follow-up question, specifically aimed now at long-term care.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR In New Hampshire, according to Citizens for Long-Term Care, 8,000 people reside in nursing facilities, 25,000 more receive care from home health care agencies. It's really not an elder issue. There are many young people who suffer from disabilities or chronic illness. There are also those who suffer from Alzheimer's.

Long-term care often forces patients into poverty. So what do you specifically propose on long-term care that would help these patients and their families?

LOSER Well, Karen, there are people in a lot of different age groups. But the overwhelming majority of people in long-term care are older Americans. And so my plan of allowing them to buy into the federal health insurance program, which provides long-term care, would work.

Let me mention another area of long-term care, and that's veterans' benefits. Many Americans are treated in those veterans hospitals, and I have to tell you, I think it's outrageous that we are closing veterans hospitals.

My father was in a veterans hospital for two years. My mother was able to visit him there because it was close to home. These men kept their end of the bargain. And now we're making them stand in line, hat in hand, to beg for the benefits that are theirs. When I am president of the United States, these men and women are going to be taken care of.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, if you could write a two-sentence amendment to the United States Constitution on abortion, what would it be?

WINNER It would be that every child, born and unborn, should be protected in law. And every child should be welcomed in life.

I believe it's important for our party to maintain our pro-life position. I believe it's important for the next president to recognize good people can disagree on this issue. And so the next president must elevate the issue of life to convince people of the preciousness of life, not only for the young, but for the elderly as well.

The next president must lead our country toward policies that will reduce abortions. I will sign a partial-birth abortion ban. I will promote adoption. I will promote abstinence programs in our school systems.

The life issue is an important issue for our party. And our party must not abandon our pro-life position, but we must welcome people from different persuasions into our party — or different points of view into our party.

MODERATOR So will the Republican Party platform plank on abortion be your bible?

WINNER I'm a pro-life candidate, and I've been a pro-life governor. I have set the tone in my state to bring people together. I fought for and signed the first parental notification bill in my state's history. I brought Democrats and Republicans together to value life. This is a bill that will reduce the number of abortions in the state of Texas.

I also worked with both Democrats and Republicans to encourage adoptions in my state of Texas.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, you advocate a national sale's tax to replace the federal income tax. Let's assume for a moment that Congress doesn't pass your national sales tax plan. What then? What would be your fall-back position on taxes?

LOSER Well, I have to say, I actually think that that would not be an appropriate question for me to answer. I think that we have to move away from the slave income tax. And that I am working to put together a coalition of people around the country who understand that we have surrendered control of our income to the government, giving them a preemptive claim that they then determine the extent of over our money.

As long as that is the case, in principle, the government controls every penny that is made and earned in the United States. And anything left in our pockets is left there by the sufferance of our politicians. This is an unacceptable situation.

And so I am not going to answer a question based on the notion that the people of this country should acquiesce and that we should simply continue to do what my colleagues want to do — tinker around with a system where they get to be the gatekeepers of our money.

I will not allow that to continue. I will work to change that, and we must move to abolish the income tax and replace it with the original Constitution of the country.

I believe that that is the alternative that needs to be placed before the American people. And if we can effectively put together in this election the coalition to support that, then the Congress will respond to the will of the people.

MODERATOR Can you offer us some more specifics on your national sales tax proposal? Is it a tax on goods and services? And what percentage would you put on that tax?

LOSER I support a fair tax proposal that is out there on the table, that would replace both the income tax and the payroll tax. The rate would probably have to be for that purpose around 20 to 23 percent. It would be on the retail sales. That is, it's not a tax on production. I think that what the Europeans have done in the way of that and other taxes that intervene in the production process actually burdens productivity and discourages it.

You want to end tax on consumption of retail sales, excluding a certain market basket of goods and services that represent the essential necessities of life so that the poor and those on fixed incomes would be able to exempt themselves from taxation through their own judicious use of the proper choice, and others who feel that they cannot bear the burden of the income tax, would be able by following that frugality track to do the same thing.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, you have an ad running here in New Hampshire underscoring your service in uniform.

But one of the implications is that Bush, Forbes, Keyes and Bauer would be lesser leaders. Is that fair?

LOSER It's neither the intention nor the implication of the ad. The ad states clearly what I believe, and that is that I am fully qualified, I am the best prepared to lead this nation in the next century in very dangerous times.

Unfortunately, this administration has conducted a feckless, photo-op foreign policy for which we may have to pay a very heavy price in the future in American blood and treasure.

I have a coherent, cohesive concept of what I want the world to look like and what the interests and the values are and where the threats lie.

I understand the problems of the men and women in the military. I think it's an absolute disgrace that there's 15,000 — 12,000 proud, brave, young enlisted families that are on food stamps in the military. There will be no food stamp military when I am president of the United States.

I am simply stating and will repeat I am fully prepared to be president of the United States.

MODERATOR Is not having served in the military a handicap?

LOSER No, it's not a handicap; it's not at all. But this is the first administration with the president of the United States and the secretary of defense and the secretary of state that have never spent on minute wearing the uniform of the armed services of the United States, and I promise you that won't happen on my watch.

MODERATOR Good evening, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Good evening.

MODERATOR India's nuclear testing in 1998 prompted the United States to impose economic sanctions.

President Clinton is expected to visit India in March, and administration officials now talk of wanting closer relations.

Is it time to lift those economic sanctions and resume two-way trade with India — trade, I might add that's worth about $10 billion a year?

LOSER Well, I think in the case of India and Pakistan — both of which are now nuclear powers — it's essential to go beyond their stop-go approach with the Clinton-Gore administration. They had no clue that those tests were going to take place. They had no clue that Pakistan would try to heat up the conflict in Kashmir, which is the real flash point in the sub-continent.

And so, when you have a clueless administration, it's no surprise they're always caught short. They're always surprised. So putting on the economic sanctions did not work. India is going ahead with their nuclear program. So we need far more effective diplomacy. Our people did not know, in the White House, that apparently Pakistani operatives were behind that recent hijacking. And so what we have to do is have real diplomacy there, and try to diffuse those tensions.

But also, too, we have to rebuild our own military. And we must move ahead with energy, and a sense of emergency with our own missile defense system, to tell these states that aspire to be nuclear powers, forget it. As soon as your rocket leaves the launch pad, we're going to knock it down, or our allies are going to be able to knock it down. Have those defensive measures, and you reduce the likelihood of a nuclear war with India and Pakistan, and elsewhere.

MODERATOR You have indicated that you don't work in cases such as this.

But since that is what was imposed against India, would you then advocate lifting those economic sanctions at this point in time?

LOSER I would advocate having a real diplomacy with India, and find out what their true intentions are. And then, yes, then, we can look at those sanctions, if it looks like that they want to have a real settlement on the continent, subcontinent. After all, they've had over three wars. And they nearly went to war this summer when Pakistan started to heat things up in Kashmir.

And so, those flash points have to be dealt with. This administration has taken a passive approach. They probably had to look on the map where India and Pakistan were.

So clearly, it has not worked there. And I think in the case of Pakistan, they did nothing when the Chinese transferred nuclear technology to Pakistan, which helped heat things up. This administration winked an eye. That's why India set off its bomb.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR Beginning with Governor Bush, this next question is for all candidates to respond to.

According to population experts, within years, whites will no longer be the racial majority in the United States of America. Should our national dialogue drop the words minority, majority?

WINNER It's a great question. I'm from a state where over 50 percent of the kindergarten students are Hispanic, and we view each other as Texans. We view us all under the great flag of the Lone Star. Yes, I think so.

I would hope our country would get beyond group-thought and would herald each individual, regardless of their heritage and regardless of their background. The ideal world is one in which all of us are viewed as Americans first and foremost.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

LOSER I think it would be advisable, and I have always argued, in fact, that categorizing people according to race and group is bad in this country. I think one of the things that has been done by quotas and other approaches that people say are to benefit minorities is that in fact we have retained the categories of racial discrimination and racial consciousness.

I think we would do better to focus on our common American identity, to renew our allegiance to those moral principles that define that common American identity so that we can move forward.

And if there are people in this society that need help, we should give them that help based on their need, based on the scars that they have suffered, perhaps, from past abuse and discrimination, not based on race and minority background of that kind.

MODERATOR Senator.

LOSER I would think so, because then we could eliminate quotas which I think neither helps the beneficiary nor improves the effort to improve equality in America.

But I also think that it's very important that we preserve our rich heritage. In my state, Hispanic heritage has made us wonderful and great and noble. And I want to preserve that. I also want to underscore the fact that we still have a lot of people down at the economic — bottom rung of the economic ladder that need a lot of help and a lot of assistance no matter what their ethnic makeup is. And we have to address this issue.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Quotas are wrong. What makes America unique is judging us as individuals, not as members of groups.

My grandfather was a penniless immigrant, as tens of millions of other Americans were. What brings us together is not a single ancestry or religion or a common race. What unites us is a shared set of ideas and ideals the belief in freedom and liberty, democracy, individual equality before the law, opportunity. That's what makes us unique, and that's what we need to get back to.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Winston Churchill referred to us as the American race. Very interesting phrase. It obviously wasn't a reference to the color of our skins. He knew that there was an idea that defined Americans, and it's in the Declaration of Independence All men created equal, et cetera.

But I want to add, one of the reasons for the trends you're talking about, and I don't have any problem with the trends, but one of the reasons for them I do have a problem with, and that's illegal immigration. In Governor Bush's state, in Southern California, illegal immigrants are pouring into this country and my party ought to stand against it. A great nation protects its borders.

MODERATOR Thank you.

We're now going to move to a round where candidates are allowed to question each other by draw.

Mr. Keyes, you get the first question.

LOSER Thank you very much.

Well, Senator McCain, in my past questioning I think I've kind of established that you support the Clinton policy, "don't ask, don't tell," on gays in the military. But I heard today...

LOSER I think — I think we've pretty well massaged that.

LOSER I heard today that you had been asked a question about what you would say if your daughter was ever in a position where she might need an abortion, and you said that at first that it, as I understand it, that the choice would be up to her and then that you'd have a family conference.

I've got to admit I think that that displayed a profound lack of understanding of the basic issue of principle involved in abortion. After all, if your daughter came to you and said she was contemplating killing her grandmother for the inheritance, you wouldn't say let's have a family conference. You would look at her and just say no, because that is morally wrong.

Well, it is God's choice that that child is in the womb. And for us to usurp that choice in contradiction of our Declaration principles is just as wrong.

Therefore, how can you take the position that you would subject such a choice to a family conference or any other human choice? Isn't it God's choice that protects the life of that child in the womb?

LOSER I'm proud of my pro-life record in public life. I'm the only one here who has gone to the floor of the Senate and voted in the preservation of the life of the unborn. I have worked very had for the ban of partial birth abortion. I have sought for approval and legislation requiring parental consent and parental notification.

I am proud of that pro-life record and I will continue to maintain it. I will not draw my children into this discussion.

LOSER But meaning no offense, Senator, the question isn't about your record. It was about your understanding. If we take a position on this issue and are then nominated by this party, we will have to go forward to defend that position in a field where Bill Bradley and Al Gore aren't going to take your record as an answer. They will need a persuasive justification before the American people as to why that position is consonant with our principles and our heritage.

And the answer you gave today does not display that kind of understanding. How can we trust you to move forward and defend our position on this issue?

LOSER Because unlike you, I have a 17-year voting record and record of service to this country, including doing everything that I can to preserve the rights of the unborn.

I have spoken as eloquently as I can on that issue. I am proud of my record. And that record, I will stand on.

And I am completely comfortable of the fact that as the leader of a pro-life party, with a pro-life position, that I will persuade — which is what really this is all about — to have young Americans understand the importance of the preservation of the rights of the unborn.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, you get the next question.

LOSER I'll ask it of Governor Bush.

WINNER I was hoping so.

LOSER I'm sure.

When you ran for governor in 1994, you criticized Anne Richards for the fact that Texas had 13,000 more state employees than did New York state. Since then, the gap is now 36,000. Texas has 36,000 more employees than the state of New York does at state-level. Under your leadership spending has gone up 36 percent — almost twice the rate of the Clinton-Gore administration.

On your so-called tax cuts, your own budget director said that six out of 10 Texans did not get a tax cut in this last round. And on education, you've dumbed down the standards to the point where in Texas, your SAT ranking has gone from 40th in the nation to 46th in the nation. What can you tell the people of New Hampshire, and of America, that you won't do in Washington what you've done in Texas?

WINNER So many half-stories, so little time.

I — let's start with education. People who've looked at the state of Texas have consistently said that because we've set high standards, abolished social promotion, got a vibrant charter school movement, have got a public school choice movement, that we're making the best progress in the nation for improvement amongst minority students; that our minority students because of our strong accountability system are making tremendous improvement; that are schools are some — ranked as some of the best in the country, Steve. Our public school system is meeting the challenge.

In terms of the budget, I've slowed the rate of growth down. And when you take out population growth and inflation, it's by far the slowest rate of growth ever in my state's history.

In terms of tax cuts, I not only led our state to a billion-dollar tax cut in '97, I led our state to a $2 billion tax cut in 1999. Real, meaningful tax cuts.

But I guess the way to answer your question is, you know, the people of Texas took a look at my record, the second-biggest state in the Union, a mighty important electoral state for any Republican running for president, and they said, Mr. Governor, we accept your record, and they overwhelmingly voted me back into office. I nearly got 70 percent of the vote.

LOSER Well, George, on, again, on SATs, Texas is one of the few states where minority scores have gone down, not up. Standards have been dumbed down. Eight-grade science tests in Texas shows four — picture of four insects and says pick out the fly.

So, that's why the test scores have been not going up. Now again, how are you going to improve education nationally when in Texas it's gone down?

And in terms of tax cuts, yours is a tax cut that only Clinton and Gore could love when most people don't get it.

WINNER Steve...

LOSER Your own budget director said six out of 10 didn't get it.

WINNER Let me answer, OK.

I — you know the people of Texas looked at the real facts. I just explained them to you. Our test scores...

LOSER What are the real facts on SAT's?

WINNER Please don't interrupt me. Let me finish, OK.

LOSER Well, answer the question.

WINNER The test scores in my state on the NAPE test, which compares state to state, show dramatic improvement. And that's — objective analysis after objective analysis has ranked Texas as one of the best education states in the country. It's not only because of me. It's because of teachers and principles and parents.

One reason our — our SAT scores have improved since I've been the governor, you need to get your researchers to do a better job, but unlike many states ...

LOSER Your ranking went down.

WINNER Unlike many states, we make sure as many kids can take the SAT as possible. We include all kinds of children. We want our children in Texas to take the SAT.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. Senator McCain, you get the next question.

LOSER Gary...

LOSER Yes, Senator.

LOSER The United States Supreme Court issued a decision day before yesterday concerning campaign finance reform. It was a marvelous decision. It affirmed everything that I have fought for, including the fact, in the words of one judge, money is property, not free speech.

We know the corruption that has taken place in the Clinton and Gore campaign as a result of the 1996 election and the unlimited campaign contributions. We know how important it is now to have an opportunity to enact real, meaningful campaign finance reform. I'd like your views on that very important Supreme Court decision.

LOSER Senator, your summary doesn't even get close to how bad the situation is. I mean, as you know, in the last election, we had Chinese money coming in through companies controlled by the Peoples Liberation Army, into the American presidential campaign. Unbelievable and unacceptable.

I think there are a couple of things that can be done here. My own approach on this is that individuals should be able to give more to candidates like us than they can right now. I think $1,000 is too little. I hope none of us can be bought for $1,000. I know that I can't.

I think as long as we get that money reported immediately that that would be an acceptable change. But I agree with you on a major point. There is something terribly wrong when big unions and big corporations can dump $4 million, $5 million, $6 million into the coffers of the two political parties.

Now, reform is important. I want to make sure it doesn't hurt just our party. That's not acceptable. But when Teddy Roosevelt and the early reformers said that big unions and big business should not be able to buy that kind of access, they knew what they were talking about. And as president, I would do away with that kind of soft money in campaigns.

LOSER The Supreme Court said there is little reason to doubt that sometimes large contributions will work actual corruption of our political system and no reason to question the existence of a corresponding suspicion among voters.

Do you know that the Republican Party is now taking — setting up a mechanism for this huge soft money thing. The Democrats are also. We're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions, that are going to be washing around in this next presidential campaign usually in the form of negative ads. And don't you think we as candidates ought to say we will have nothing to do with that corruption of our system?

LOSER I agree and, John, let me tell you a very real way where this money is hurting our party. We — and I must say this to some of colleagues up here tonight — there is a lot of fuzzy, soft thinking about China. Some of these debates from some of you, I thought I was debating Bill Clinton.

And why is that? Why is the party of Ronald Reagan confused about most-favored-nation status? Very simply reason Because there are some big corporations giving a lot of money to the Republican National Committee and pulling strings on that issue.

Steve Forbes, you can't figure out where you are on most favored-nation-status for China.

LOSER Oh, come on Gary...

LOSER One week you say one thing and one week you say something...

LOSER ... I've laid out a policy on China.

LOSER ... else. Governor Bush, you agree...

Use your own time. Use your own time.

LOSER You should listen to it. Gary, I'll give you — I'll give you a copy of my book and you can find it.

LOSER Governor Bush, you've got a policy on China that looks just like Bill Clinton's when it comes to most-favored-nation status. So I think you guys are already affected by some of these big money contributions.

LOSER No one has ever bought me Gary and never will.

LOSER I'm the only guy that has a commercial running that morph's Bill Clinton's face into mine.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, you get to ask the next question.

WINNER To Alan Keyes. What's it like to be in a mosh pit? [laughter]

LOSER It's a lot of fun, actually. I enjoyed it.

WINNER On the stage after us will be two Democrats. And if you listen carefully to what they're saying, it sounds like they loved what the Clintons tried to do to health care. The want to federalize health care. They want to — they want the federal government to manage our health care.

I know you and the rest of us hear concerns about health care all over New Hampshire. What is your view? Give us your principles on health care for America.

LOSER Well, I actually think it's very important not to turn health care over to government domination, because we'll get the same kind of results that, sadly, we have gotten in our education system, where we spend more, and we get less in terms of quality as a result. We have to take an approach that empowers those who are out there looking for health care services, to be the ones who can make the choices and make the decisions that will enforce, within that system, a relationship between the money you pay, and the quality you get.

That's something that empowered consumers should be able to do. We should voucherize the federal programs, so that individuals will have a stake in making the right judgments about how they get their health care. We need to set up medical savings accounts and other mechanisms that will allow people to build up what they need in order meet their health care needs, by making judicious choices that will give them the power to go to the right doctor, to the right way of providing medical services according to their choice.

I think that is the principle that we need. And by the way, that will help to keep costs down.

Bureaucracies can't do that job. But as we find in every other sector of our economy, when you empower consumers to make choices, when you give them a range of choices so they can go away from those providers who are not giving them cost-effective provision of services, that's when you're going to get the costs down and when we'll have more medical dollars available to meet problems like long-term health care, which is catastrophic for individual families and which they can't bear on their own.

MODERATOR You get a follow-up, Governor.

WINNER Do you agree with me that it seems like the administration kind of loves to dangle Medicare reform, kind of get people talking about it, and then turn the tables for political reasons?

LOSER Well, I think they have done that in every respect, as a matter of fact. Their aim, I believe, is to try to lure more and more people into a government-dominated system, and once you get the reins of control over medical care into that government system you will then, as unfortunately we have found in other countries, be able to lower the quality and not give people the kind of service that they need, while at the same time shortchanging the providers of services so that you reduce the incentive for training and quality care.

That is the result we'll get from socialism. And I, frankly, am proud of the Republican Party for having stood together to resist the socialization of medicine in this country. It was the right thing to do. And I think it also helped, by the way, to safeguard the situation that allowed us to continue on the road of prosperous expansion in our economy.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, you get the last question in this round of candidate questioning and it will go to Mr. Forbes.

LOSER OK.

Well, Steve, we can continue this conversation about China. Steve, you've had about four different positions on this during this campaign. I still don't know quite where you are.

Let me summarize for you what's been happening with China. They're in the middle of a massive arms buildup. They've taken technology from the United States, sold to them by American companies. We've got companies from China controlled by the People's Liberation Army pouring stuff in here. We've got threats on Taiwan. This Chinese defense minister said two weeks ago War with the United States was inevitable.

Will you repeal most-favored-nation status for China? I will in my first week in office.

LOSER Good, Gary. Thank you for the question on China.

I believe that we must let the Chinese know what the rules of engagement are. If they want a prosperous relationship, they can have it. But you have to lay down the rules because then if they break those rules then you can take a course of action and unite this country and unite our allies.

The rules of engagement would include the understanding — we'd make it clear that they cannot run us out of Asia as they're trying to do now. And they cannot use force against Taiwan. Where they've made an agreement not to use force against Taiwan, we're going to hold them to it.

And that means we must rebuild our military instead of run it down. And we must move ahead with a missile defense system.

On human rights abuses, we will criticize them in every international forum possible. Dissidents in China have told me and others how important that is to put the spotlight on.

In terms of trade, of course we want trade with China. But it has to be two way. They have to genuinely reduce barriers, not the fake promises they've made to the — to the gullible Clinton-Gore administration.

And if China wishes to pass technology on to rogue states like North Korea or to Pakistan, we should put sanctions on specific Chinese companies, particularly those controlled by the People's Liberation Army.

So you let them know what the rules are. If they don't adhere to those rules, then you take the appropriate steps, including taking trade sanctions.

LOSER Steve, you know, you've done it again. You had over a minute and 15 seconds. You can't answer a simple question...

LOSER I said Gary...

LOSER Let me finish my follow-up.

LOSER Good.

LOSER All of the things that you just said hypothetically has already been done by China. You refuse to answer a simple question Will you repeal most-favored-nation status for China or not?

LOSER I'm trying to make it clear, Gary, in very simple terms. If China violates those rules of engagement, now that they know what they are, then trade is going to be on the table, including most-favored-nation. And most-favored-nation will be withdrawn if they want that confrontation. But you must first, if you are a responsible president, lay out to the Chinese what those rules are. Then, if they break those rules, you can take the appropriate steps.

You want to do it when you get right in. I want to let the Chinese know there's a new foreign policy in the United States of America, a real one based on strength, based on values. And if they want a relationship with us, here's how you can have it. If not, they can have that confrontation, and we'll win against them, just as we did against the Soviets and other tyrants in this century.

LOSER You're ignoring 10 years of history. The verdict's already in, Steve.

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

We're going to move to the next round. One question — you all will have an opportunity to answer it, 30 seconds each.

The president tomorrow night is expected in his State of the Union message to propose federal subsidies to help low income families overcome the so-called "digital divide."

Is it an appropriate use of government funds to hand out computers and provide Internet access to those who can't afford it? And if not, why not?

We will begin with Mr. Keyes.

LOSER I think this is another case where politicians try to jump on the band wagon of something that's going on in the economy so everybody is going to think that they actually had something to do with the result when they don't.

There is not need for this. We are already seeing out there proposals for the distribution of free PCs, not based on some politician making a judgment and spending taxpayer money, but based on the self-interest of those who are involved in a new world, a new world in which participation is the key to profit, and in which there is actually a strong incentive among those who participate in the private sector to give access to individuals so that they can improve their opportunities for profit, for information sharing. That's what has already been going on. It will continue. There is not need for the government to pretend that it needs to take leadership here. I think that's just political posturing.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER I believe that we do have a problem and that is that there is a growing gap between the haves and the have-nots in America, those that are able to take part in this information technology and those that haven't.

We took a major step forward when we decided to wire every school and library in America to the Internet. That's a good program. We have to have step two, three and four, which means good equipment, good teachers and good classrooms.

Now, I would do it directly, but there are lots of ways that you can encourage corporations, who in their own self-interest would want to provide — receive tax benefits, would receive credit, and many other ways for being involved in the schools and upgrading the quality of the equipment that they have, the quality of the students, and thereby providing a much needed, well-trained work force.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER The key to helping Americans, who are born with the least in terms of education, is allowing parents to pick the schools they think best for their children. Then those schools will get their act together.

Government getting involved in this will just breed corruption, a lot of interests breaking off money on this.

The way you get universal access is to let technology flourish. The price of computing is plummeting. Access is becoming easier and more and more accessible. The government won't guarantee universal access. The free flow of technology will.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Well, the facts of the matter are that in rural areas of America and in the inner city, kids are being left behind when it comes to the Internet. Once again we're leaving some of our children back instead of making sure they can take part in all the advances that I think are down the road.

The marketplace is great, but it doesn't always work perfectly. And as president, I would be willing to use the bully pulpit of my office in order to try to make sure that access was there. Also tax incentives for companies, I think that's a fair thing to do. While we're running a surplus, it seems to me these are some useful ways to use a little bit of that money.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER I want to take off where Steve was. I think one of the — what he — what he mentioned was right, and that is our technology is changing so quickly that government programs are often obsolete as the marketplace changes. And I think about my rural Texas where we're going to have two-way satellite technology, broad-width technologies that will enable us to beam information from big cities to rural Texas.

And I worry about government funding and government programs that are haphazard and will be obsolete before they're even funded.

LOSER It was a government program that invented the Internet.

MODERATOR Now questions from we moderators, for you candidates.

LOSER I thought it was Al Gore.

LOSER I think it was Al Gore. I invented television.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER Sir.

MODERATOR You and President Clinton propose setting aside about two-thirds of the federal budget surplus and making it off limits for tax cuts. What do you say to critics who say your tax plan looks too much like President Clinton's?

LOSER Well, I think maybe President Clinton's looks too much like mine. He looked too much like me when he signed the Welfare Reform Act. He looked too much like me in a number of shifts that he made to the center for political expediency.

Look, we all know we've got a ticking time bomb out there, and it's called the Social Security trust fund, Bernie. And starting in 2014 there will be more money going out than in. According to Senator Gregg, Governor Bush's campaign chairman here in New Hampshire, there's a $5 trillion unfunded liability out there in the form of the Social Security trust fund.

It has to — if we can put the money in quick, then we will be able to allow people to invest their payroll taxes into investments of their choosing and make a huge amount of difference in the solvency of their retirement fund. This is a very, very important issue, because in good times — in good times, not bad times — when we have a surplus, we should give the middle-income Americans a tax break.

They need it. They pay as much as 40 percent of their income in taxes. But at the same time, people in New Hampshire are telling me, Senator McCain, save Social Security, put some money into Medicare, and pay down that debt, and don't put that burden on future generations of Americans.

More young Americans believe Elvis is alive than they believe that they'll ever see a social security check.

MODERATOR But if this budget surplus...

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR Projected surplus...

LOSER Sure, which is one trillion.

MODERATOR Is less — is less — if it's less, what do you do?

LOSER Less than what? Less than projected?

MODERATOR Than what's projected.

LOSER That's why I have percentages of the surplus to be put in. Sixty-two percent of the surplus to be put into social security, 23 percent in the tax cuts, 10 percent into Medicare and the remainder into paying down the debt.

And I agree with you, these estimates are economists' words for guesses. And I'm not positive that we will continue to have the surpluses as they are presently envisioned. So, therefore, we want to be cautious.

I think it's conservative in good times to put money into Social Security; it's conservative to pay down the debt; and it's conservative clearly to try to save Medicare; and at the same time, give these tax breaks to American families, including making that tax flatter up and up and up.

I want to lift the 15 percent tax bracket up to couples making $70,000 a year. I think we can do it.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, NASA has all but given up on its Mars explorer, Mars lander that is, a $165 million loss. It is the second such high profile Mars mission that's gone bust.

If you are elected president, would you encourage continued funding for Mars exploration?

LOSER I think the answer is basically, yes, I would. I think NASA still has a role. It's very different today than it was 30 years ago when they were the only agency to be able to get real exploration and win that race to the moon.

So they are very good in terms of trying to get satellites up there, rockets up there to do research. What happened with Mars was a clear case of mismanagement. They tried to hasten the building of that particular vehicle, and then micro-manage it on the way. That doesn't work.

What I think we need more with NASA and with the Pentagon is less of this micro-managing, which adds hugely to costs, and have a fundamental reform of contracting where you say what your goals are with a vehicle or a weapons system, and then put it in what they call skunk works, where you say get the job done, we're not going to micro-manage you.

When that has been tried in government contracting with the Pentagon, it has led to good weapons systems, it has led to far lower costs and a far better timetable. And the same thing should be done with NASA. We want to go out to the stars. We want to go out to space. We are a curious people, and that's not going to stop. But NASA has to realize it's got to do it better and use those resources better to leave for the private sector.

MODERATOR Well, then let me follow up with a question as to how aggressive America would — America's space program would be in the 21st century, if you should become president?

LOSER Oh, we're going to have a very aggressive space program. But unlike what we had 30 years ago, in the 1960s, 30, 40 years ago, you're going to see a lot more involvement by the private sector.

Thanks to technology this is becoming, in effect, cheaper and cheaper. They're finding new ways to get these rocketships up, and they should bear the risks when they don't work instead of American taxpayers.

So NASA has a role as prodder, with doing exploration, getting information. But I want the private sector to be more aggressively involved. Just as we did exploring the Earth, we can do now, thanks to technology, the same thing with space.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR Gary Bauer, six loyal and six capable Republicans dropped out of this race for your party's nomination. A prime reason, the front-loaded campaign calendar, not to mention money. Is it time to change the process?

LOSER Well, Bernie, I don't know, but I have to tell you I would rather not answer process questions. You know we can have those debates in college universities and TV talk shows, I guess. But you know I don't think Americans are sitting around worried about the process of electing a president. I think they're worried about real problems that are effecting real families.

You know, the Second Amendment is under attack in courts all over this country. The fact that today 4,000 unborn children lost their lives because of abortion on demand. The schools not working. Babies being found in trash cans.

Those are the issues, Bernie, that I think voters in this state and around the country are focused on instead of the process of, gee, are we electing the president right? Should it be a primary or a caucus?

I think people want this campaign to be about them, about their families, their jobs, and their futures, and that's what I want to spend my time dealing with in this debate.

MODERATOR If it becomes clear that you would not win your party's presidential nomination, when would you drop out?

LOSER There you go again, Bernie. Look, you know, process questions may be great for Inside Politics when you've got about 10 minutes and you've got a few seconds with a candidate. You think that a worker here in New Hampshire that's not making enough money to get health insurance, or a mother here who sends her child off to school worried about whether there's going to be a school shooting, or a law-abiding citizen of this state that sees these liberal judges trying to change the law so that men can marry men and women can marry women, do you think they're worried about whether Gary Bauer is going to drop out, stay in or whatever?

This campaign shouldn't be about questions like that, it ought to be about the real concerns of these voters in this state.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, last week in New Hampshire, the wind chill temperature dropped in some places to 30 below. Also last week, home heating oil prices spiked 40 percent to where it now averages $1.72 a gallon. There are shortages of heating oil and kerosene and diesel fuel.

Yesterday, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said he would not tap U.S. strategic petroleum reserves in order to drive down prices, saying those reserves are for emergencies. But given the shortages that exist, do you consider this an appropriate time to tap those reserves?

WINNER No, I don't. I think I agree with the energy secretary that the strategic petroleum reserve is meant for a national wartime emergency.

What I think the president ought to do is he ought to get on the phone with the OPEC cartel and say we expect you to open your spigots. One reason why the price is so high is because the price of crude oil has been driven up. OPEC has gotten its supply act together, and it's driving the price, like it did in the past. And the president of the United States must jawbone OPEC members to lower the price.

And if in fact there is collusion amongst big oil, he ought to intercede there as well.

I used to be in the oil business. I was little oil — really little oil. And so I understand the — I understand what can happen in the marketplace.

I think it's very important for us, though, to recognize that our country better become less dependent on foreign crude. That's why I am for the exploration of ANWR. That's why I'm for the exploration of natural gas, which is hemispheric. It's not subject to price.

In the meantime, I support the congressional delegation here in New England attempt to fund LIHEAP, which is that low-income heating assistance program.

MODERATOR Let me follow up by asking what pressures — specifically what pressures should be brought on OPEC nations to lift those production curbs?

WINNER Well, we've got good relations with a lot of members of OPEC. If the president does his job, the president will earn capital in the Middle East, and the president should have good standing with those nations. It's important for the president to explain, in clear terms, what high energy prices will not only do to our economy, but what high energy prices will do to the world economy.

It is in the Saudis' best interest for the price of oil to mellow out. It's not only in our country's best interests. It needs to be explained to them, it's in their best interests.

MODERATOR Thank you.

WINNER And I will do so.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, what is your position on the death penalty?

LOSER I believe that there are certain circumstances in which the death penalty is in fact essential to our respect for life. If we do not in our law send the message to everybody that by calculatedly, coldly taking a human life in a way that, for instance, assaults the structures of law in a society, or shows a cold-blooded and studied disregard for the value of that life, if we are not willing to implement the death penalty in those circumstances, then we are actually sending a message of contempt for human life.

We are encouraging people to believe that that step is not in fact a terminal step, when they fatefully and fatally decide to move against the life of another human being.

So I think that there are circumstances under which it is essential, in fact, that we have and apply the death penalty in order to send a clear, moral message to people throughout our society that we will not tolerate that kind of disrespect for life.

MODERATOR In particular, in your judgment, what should be the minimum — the minimum death penalty age for young felons convicted of deadly crime?

LOSER I'm not one of those folks who thinks that we ought to be lowering the age at which we adjudge people to be adults. I believe that the tendency in that direction now, to want to treat our children as if they are adults, is a confession of our own failure — our own failure as a society to maintain the structures of family life, to maintain the basis of moral education.

As a result, yes, we have children now in whom there exists a hollowing moral void. And those children engage in some acts that are heinous and shocking to us.

But at the same time, I think we need to respect the difference that exists between children and adults. We need to insist from adults on moral accountability and moral responsibility. We need to help our children develop that ability to be mature adults. But I don't think that we should take our failure of moral education on younger and younger children. I think that this is a great error.

MODERATOR Beginning with Mr. Forbes, this question for all candidates.

Should it be a felony for the president to lie to the American people?

LOSER This president has lied repeatedly. And I don't think it's going to work to, say, try to get in a situation where he may not say something for national security reasons, as Dwight Eisenhower did. But that is very different from lying under oath, which this president did. That is a felony, and he should have been removed for it.

It's also very different when he takes — has the FBI send over 900 files on his political opponents to his political operatives. That should have made removal from office. Real crimes, yes, absolutely.

LOSER Bernie, lying under oath is a felony. That's absolutely right. The president I worked for, for eight years, Ronald Reagan, talked to me several times about what the Oval Office meant to him, that he would not go into that room without his coat and tie on. Presidents have sat there in that office and have made decisions that resulted in our sons going off to foreign battlefields.

This president sat in that office and we know what he did. In fact, he was on the phone with a member of Congress, talking about sending our sons to Bosnia, while he was in the middle of a disgusting act with a White House intern. This brings shame to our country.

WINNER Lying under oath is a felony. And all of us on this stage, can make the pledge that we will swear to uphold the laws of the land and the honor and integrity of the office to which we have been elected. That is going to be my pledge for the people of the country. And it's a pledge I'll keep, should I be fortunate enough to earn the presidency.

MODERATOR Ambassador.

LOSER Well, I think that lying under oath is clearly a felony, but we shouldn't think that that's how you take care of a president when he lies and disregards his oath. That is the responsibility not of the courts, but of Congress.

And I think that this Congress, under the corrupt pressure from a Democrat Party that surrounded its corrupt president, that refused, in fact, to apply the necessary strictures in order to call this nation back to accountability and integrity, they need to be held accountable.

The way in which you deal with a president's failure to respect his oath is the impeachment process and a willingness to remove him from office. If Congress doesn't have the guts to do that, then our Constitution has been gutted.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER I voted to convict the president of the United States on grounds that he lied under oath. In fact, there was a discussion at the time as to whether we expect the same standards of a member of the military as the president of the United States. No, we don't expect the same standards, we expect a higher standards from members — from the president of the United States than members of the military.

The people of this country are suffering from Clinton fatigue, and it's because they want someone who will look them in the eye and tell them the truth. That's the pledge I've made to the people of New Hampshire and the people of this country.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, it is your turn now to lead the part of the debate that all of you candidates seem to enjoy most questioning one another.

LOSER George, strangely enough.

WINNER My buddy.

LOSER We all know Washington spends too much money. In fact, last November there was an incredible bill passed full of earmarked pork barrel spending.

They spent the then-$14 billion surplus that was going to — supposed to be there for this year. And you said you supported that bill, and that you sign it as president of the United States. I voted against it, said as president I would veto it, and saw it as one of the most egregious practices.

Tell me, what corporate loopholes would you close? And what spending cuts would you make?

WINNER I'll tell you what I'm going to do. If I'm the president and you're a senator, you can come in my office and you can outline all the different corporate loopholes you think are wrong, and we can pick and choose.

But what I'm doing, John, is I'm selling my tax cut plan, without claiming I'm going to close some kind of a corporate loophole. I believe we've got $4 trillion over 10 years; $2 trillion of which will go to save Social Security and pay down debt; $1 trillion available for debt repayment and other programs; and $1 trillion over a 10-year period, for a meaningful, substantial, real tax cut to the people.

Your plan uses so-called "corporate loopholes" to pay for it; I use cash to pay for it. And if the money stays in Washington — my problem with your plan is that it's going to be spent on bigger government.

I believe that cutting the taxes will encourage economic growth. I believe cutting all marginal rates will keep the economy growing. I believe we ought to get rid of the death tax. I believe we ought to get rid of the earnings test on Social Security. I believe we ought to mitigate the marriage penalty. I believe we ought to use this time of prosperity to get money out of Washington, and into the pockets of the taxpayers.

LOSER George, you seem to depict the role of the president as a hapless bystander. This president is threatening to shut down the government and vetoing bills to force the Congress to spend more money. An active president of the United States — i.e., me — will veto bills and threaten to shut down the government to make them spend less money.

Look, you have been talking about how you want to increase the military. We don't have unlimited funds. Tell me, is there any military programs that you would reduce spending on?

WINNER Well, obviously, John, what's needed to happen is a top-down review of the military, so that there's a strategic plan to make sure that we spend properly.

I will give you an example of the Crusader, Howitzer program. Looks like it's too heavy. It's not lethal enough.

There's going to be a lot of programs that aren't going to fit into the strategic plan for a long-term change of our military.

But let me also say to you that it's the president's job to make sure Congress doesn't have the money to spend in the first place. It is the president's job to stand up, express the will of the people, advocate and fight for a meaningful, real tax cut. And that's what I'm going to do.

LOSER And I appreciate new dedication to reducing the debt. I — your plan...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. 

LOSER ... and I could have written myself. And I congratulate you.

WINNER No, no. Al Gore would have written your plan, Mr. Senator.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, you get to ask the next question.

WINNER To John — education has been a top priority of mine, and I've laid out a comprehensive plan to reform our schools. I believe in local control of schools, high standards and accountability. So part of my plan, John, says the schools that receive federal money to help disadvantaged students, must measure the results. If the students improve, the schools will be rewarded. If not, the parents will be free to make a different choice for their students, their children.

I know this works because I've seen dramatic improvement in schools in Texas by setting high standards and results. But two people have openly criticized this plan you and the vice president. Why don't you think — why don't you think that high expectations will work? Why don't you think this plan will work?

LOSER Well, first of all, George, if you're saying that I'm like Al Gore, then you're spinning like Bill Clinton. OK. Let's — let's clear that one up.

Second of all, I believe that we need choice and competition in schools. The problem with yours is you give too much power to the federal bureaucracy in Washington. I want the states to make those decisions. I want to encourage charter schools. I want to have a test voucher program using ethanol, gas and oil subsidies and sugar subsidies so we can start a test program in the poorest school districts in every state in America.

You want to use funds from public education. I don't want to take funds from public education, I want to take it from the subsidies that you support. You went to Iowa and supported ethanol subsidies. You went to Florida and support the sugar subsidies. And we know how you feel about oil and gas subsidies. That's why I had the question about which subsidy would you do away with.

But the point is that if we have choice and competitions, charter schools, voucher programs, merit pay for teachers based on student performance, then we will give every American parent the choice that they deserve. And that is to send their child to the school of their choice. And that's an important element in any overall education program and proposal.

And moms and dads and kids deserve a lot better than what they're getting today.

WINNER So you support continuing spending federal money on Title I without any measurement, without any knowledge as to whether or not children are learning, without any information whatsoever as to whether or not local authorities have developed high standards and accountability measures. Do you support the current system?

LOSER George, as a governor you should understand and I thought you would cherish the rights and authority of the state rather than handing it over to Washington. Your proposal has that decision made by some nameless, faceless bureaucrat in Washington, D.C. They're the ones that tell the states they're not meeting the standards.

I want the folks in my state to set the standards and tell them when they're meeting the standards. That's the critical part.

WINNER Well, that's what my plan does, John.

LOSER No, you have the federal bureaucracy make it.

WINNER No, I beg your pardon, I wrote the plan.

LOSER But the overall problem too is that you're asking — you're asking to — money to take out of public education for vouchers when they need that money. Let's — let's kill off that sugar subsidy, let's kill off that ethanol subsidy that helps nobody except perhaps Archer Daniels Midland. And let's take that money and put it into the education of our children. That's where we can really help parents in America.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, you have a rebuttal to that. Thirty seconds.

WINNER My rebuttal is that we spend a lot of money on disadvantaged children, which I support, but there must be high standards set at the state level. My program says states, John. I am a governor and I understand what federal controls are and I understand federal mandates, which I've opposed.

But I believe we owe it to our children to say to the state, You owe — You need to set standards and you need to measure.

And if the schools don't rise to the challenge, as opposed to allowing the status quo to reign, we need to free the children. We need to free the parents so they can make...

MODERATOR Time's up.

WINNER ... so they can make a different choice.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, you get the next question.

LOSER Thank you very much.

I'd like to address my question to Steve Forbes.

Steve, I'm very concerned with the surrender of America's national sovereignty, and steps that have been taken in recent years that undermined our allegiance and application of our Constitution. Particularly, I'm concerned that by joining the World Trade Organization and subjecting the American people directly to decisions taken by an unrepresentative body, that will then be applied directly to their affairs without the intervention of their elected representatives in the Congress or elsewhere, we subvert the American constitutional system.

Would you join me in a pledge, because of that assault on the Constitution which it represents, to withdraw this nation from this unrepresentative body, the World Trade Organization, and re-establish the sovereignty of the American people in their international economic affairs?

LOSER I believe in the sovereignty of the American nation and the American people. I believe in a U.S., not a U.N. foreign policy. I believe that we should destroy or send the International Monetary Fund to the political equivalent of Jurassic Park, given what it's done.

Concerning the World Trade Organization, Clinton and Gore have made a total hash of the thing. The whole thing was supposed to be designed to mediate trade disputes, so they can reduce barriers that are in the way of our products and services. We're the biggest trading nation in the world. And they discriminate against our products like no other nation.

The WTO is like the woolly mammoth. I think we have to take direct action. If that organization can't get it's act together, let it stay on the side and we take direct action, as I propose to do, in reducing trade barriers with our partners, starting with the North Atlantic Free Trade Agreement with Ireland and Britain. And we should do the same thing with Australia and other countries in the Pacific rim. That way we can stop this discrimination against our products and the WTO can go it's own way.

LOSER Sadly speaking, though I will try to be as polite about it as I can. I seem to suffer from Gary's problem. I asked you a yes or no question and could not get a yes or no answer.

I think that the World Trade Organization — and this isn't a question just of its effects out there in the world. In principle, we have done something that undercuts the sovereignty of the American people, and that puts us in a position that violates the constitutional principle, no legislation without representation.

Will you withdraw us from the unrepresentative body?

LOSER I'm not going to withdraw us from that body for the very simple reason, it's supposed to be there to help reduce barriers. If it doesn't, then we bid it goodbye.

We are a sovereign nation. If they do something that is truly egregious and breaks agreements on reducing trade barriers, we have the power to take direct action and pull out and say, No, we're not going to abide with it.

So this is an organization we should try to use to reduce our barriers, because our farmers are discriminated against, our manufacturers are discriminated against, our services are discriminated against. We need every vehicle and diplomatic tool possible to get those barriers down. Because when you have a level playing field, America reigns supreme.

And that's what I want. And if the WTO can't do it, I've got direct action in reducing those barriers. That's the key. We are sovereign.

Other nations are discriminating against us. As a businessman, I've seen how they do it. I know how to get these barriers down, unlike the Clinton-Gore administration.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, it's your turn to ask a question of Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Gary, there's a lot of movement now, that we read, about peace in the Middle East, and a lot of pressure being put by President Clinton on Barak to make an agreement with Syria, and make an agreement with the Palestinians.

It's two-part question. Do you believe, as I do, that this administration is pushing them to make a premature agreement that could hurt the sovereignty, and hurt the security of Israel, our own democratic ally in the Middle East? And, if they do push them into an agreement, would you go along with using tens of billions of taxpayers' dollars to finance an agreement with Syria and Israel?

LOSER Steve, this administration has been tougher on Israel than it has been on China. You know, it looks the other way every time the Chinese have another affront against us. It gives them Most Favored Nation status, as you want to give them Most Favored Nation status. It continues to make deals with China, as you want to make deals with China.

But to specifically address your question, I think it's outrageous that our ally, Israel, has been getting the back of the hand from this administration. You've got thislittle democratic country in the middle of the Mid-East, surrounded by adversaries, with much more land. And what are we doing, and the rest of the world expecting, that little Israel has to sacrifice more land for peace and security?

If somebody told us that Governor Bush had to sacrifice a little bit of Texas for peace and security, we'd tell them where to go. I will stand with Israel as president of the United States, and I will not waste billions of dollars of the taxpayers' money to try to make up for mistakes that this administration is making in the Middle East.

LOSER In terms of Syria, I think we'd all agree and I hope you do too, that at the very least we should demand of Syria that they cease financing terrorist organizations. This administration's turned a blind eye to it. And we should demand that Syria withdraw its strategic alliance with North Korea and Iran in developing missile technology.

Would you join with me in making that minimal demand of Syria?

LOSER Steve, I — of course I will. But I just think you've got blinders on. You know the threat to America is not Syria. I will be very tough on Syria about their transfer of weapons, of supporting terrorists, but I'll do that to China, too.

You know that's the big challenge for America. I'm going to be tough in American foreign policy, not just against Syria but also against the Chinese and Beijing.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, for Mr. Keyes.

LOSER Alan, a couple of weeks ago, you criticized my good friend John McCain because he expressed some support of or interest in a controversial music group. In view of that I was a little surprised this week to see you fall in to a mosh pit while a band called "The Machine Rages On," or "Rage Against the Machine" played. That band is anti-family. It's pro-cop killer, and it's pro-terrorist.

It's the kind of music that the killers at Columbine High School were immersed in.

MODERATOR Question.

LOSER I don't know, don't you think you owe an apology to parents and policemen on that one?

LOSER Actually I don't, because I was in no — accusing me of having some complicity in that music would be accusing me of, I don't know, being responsible for the color of my skin.

When you can't control things, Gary, you're not morally responsible for them. And I was not morally responsible for the music that was playing as I stepped out of my rally and faced Michael Moore, whatever his name was, doing whatever he was doing. That's his concern, not mine. And until you told me this fact I had no idea what that music was. Contrary to our friend John McCain, who expressed the view that this was his favorite rock group. I think telling somebody that it's your favorite thus and such is actually taking responsible for the choice and making it clear to folks that this is something that you prefer and that this is something that you care about and so forth and so on.

To do it in a lighthearted way, rather than having it imposed on you by circumstances of which — over which you have no control is something that I think is totally unacceptable. So I think that I would beg to differ with you. I had nothing to do with that music, disclaim any knowledge of it.

Admittedly, I was willing to fall into the mosh pit, but I'll tell you something. You know why I did that? Because I think that exemplifies the kind of trust in people that is the heart and soul of the Keyes campaign. It's about time we got back to the understanding that we trust the people of this country to do what's decent. And when you trust them, they will in fact hold you up, whether it's in terms of giving help to you when you're falling down or caring for their own children.

So I thought that, as an emblem of that trust, it was the right thing to do. And anyway, my daughter thought it was a good idea.

LOSER Well, daughters are extremely important.

Al, let me read a quote from you. You said that one of the most important things is the dignity of the presidency. In fact, you said that it's important that those of us that aspire to be president not act like guests on "The Jerry Springer Show," which is incompatible with the dignity of politics.

Now, I'll concede from your answer you didn't know about the music. But nobody made you jump in the mosh pit. Do you think that's consistent with...

LOSER Oh, that's very true.

LOSER ... do you think that's consistent with the dignity of the presidency?

LOSER Well, I would leave that to the judgment of the American people. I do know that when I got down, one of the folks who was there with one of the news crews, looked at me and he said, You know, you're the only person I've ever seen dive into a mosh pit and come out with his tie straight.

And I think that — you know the real test of dignity, the real test of dignity is how you carry it through hard times. I think I learned that from my people. We went through slavery when we didn't have the outward signs of what others would call dignity. Because we understood that dignity comes from within, and that whatever circumstance you are going through, you can carry that dignity with you and no one can take it away.

So, I think you may have a misunderstanding of dignity. It doesn't come from what you do in a mosh pit. It comes from what you do as a result of the convictions of your heart. And I'll leave it to the American people to judge the convictions of my heart.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, because of Mr. Keyes references to you, you've earned a rebuttal, 30 seconds.

LOSER You know, Mr. Keyes, you attacked me earlier on about my position on defending the rights of the unborn. I want to tell you something. I've seen enough killing in my life. I know how precious human life is. And I don't need a lecture from you.

MODERATOR Thank you. We're going to move on now.

LOSER Excuse me. You gave Mr. Bush a rebuttal to his rebuttal. One small comment. I didn't lecture you, Senator McCain. I simply pointed out that...

LOSER The next time, try decaf.

LOSER ... your answer showed no understanding of the issue of moral principle involved in abortion. And that inadequacy is not a lecture; it's simply an observation of fact.

MODERATOR We're going to move on to a question that all of you will have an opportunity to answer, 30 seconds each, beginning with Mr. Bauer. The question is this The Commission for Presidential Debates has issued its criteria for determining which candidates will be admitted to the nationally televised debates this fall. One of the requirements is that all candidates must be showing 15 percent in the polls. Some feel that 15-percent rule has the potential to exclude independent candidates, specifically the Reform Party nominee. Do you think that's fair?

LOSER I don't think it's fair. In fact, I think we should stop relying on polls period, whether it's to pick who's a serious presidential candidate, or what's even worse, to decide what policies we ought to be pursuing in Washington, D.C.

This process ought to be as open as possible. The American people deserve that. And they certainly deserve not to have elites, whether it's some organization of pollster somewhere, deciding who they're going to get a chance to hear from and who they're not going to have a chance to hear from.

MODERATOR Governor.

WINNER Yes, I think it's fair. I do. Because I think otherwise there's going to be a stage with 50 people and it's going to be hard for the candidates who are — who have a chance to become the president to be able to make their case.

I hope the debates don't turn out to be a kind of Oprah Winfrey-style — who can walk around and who can feel people's pain the best.

I hope there're open, honest, straightforward dialogues based upon the philosophy. And I'm confident that any of us up here can take our philosophy and make the case to the American people, compared to who we may be running against.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

LOSER I think it's totally unfair. And I think it would give a dangerous power to pollsters, and to those who are capable of manipulating those polls. And I think it would be an anathema to the process that ought to leave these choices in the hands of the people.

You won't get 50 people on a stage if you set the threshold of participation in those debates at the proper level of qualification in states around the country. It was not easy for the Reform Party to meet the qualifications. But once they have objectively met the qualification to be on the ballot in a sufficient number of states to win the electoral votes needed for the presidency, no polls or anything else ought to keep them out of the debates. You are depriving the American people, when you do that, of a proper choice.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER I don't know, I love debates. They're all fun. And the more the merrier. It's fine with me. By the way, George, we've had several offers for you and I to debate one on one. I've accepted them. I hope you will...

WINNER Well, that's because I wanted my other buddies to be here with us.

LOSER Right.

WINNER I didn't want to exclude anybody.

LOSER We can include them, and we can exclude them. We can have lots of debates. We've had several that they've just asked you and me to engage in.

Look, it's an important part of the political process. I think it's a great chance for people to really get to know the candidates. It's part of this political process. And I enjoy it. And I hope we can have lots of them.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I think it is grossly unfair to put that kind of power in the hands of pollsters and elites. In Iowa the pollsters had me down. The media elites wanted to cut me out of the debates as best as they could. So I want to put it in the hands of the people, and not the elites. In terms of the debates, the reason they get to set those criteria is because taxpayers' money is used to finance those campaigns.

I want individuals to be able to finance America's campaigns and not have it subsidized by the federal government, where your money is used to subsidize views you may not agree with.

And also, too, in New York state, I've seen what the elites have done to try to knock us off the ballot if we're not chosen Soviet style.

MODERATOR Thank you...

LOSER John McCain's a victim of it. I've been too. We've got stop it...

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes...

LOSER Well said.

MODERATOR We're going to move on now to another round of questions from the moderators.

LOSER Help me out, George...

MODERATOR Governor Bush, the federal sentencing guidelines, which are applied for all federal convictions, have been criticized by many federal judges for being too inflexible and for not allowing a sentencing judge to take into account all relevant circumstances in passing sentence.

Should we restore greater discretion to the judiciary in deciding the appropriate sentence in each case?

WINNER No, no. I worry about federal judges who will use the bench to interpret the law the way they see fit. I think it's really important to have a president who appoints people who strictly interpret the Constitution and do not use the benches to write law. And I think it's very important for the legislative branch, with the signature of the president, to instruct federal judges as to how they ought to handle a case across jurisdictional lines. There ought to be a certain commonality.

So, no, I don't think we ought to be giving federal judges a lot of flexibility on sentencing guidelines.

MODERATOR Under the guidelines that exist, though, many non-violent first time offenders are incarcerated. Is that necessary or appropriate?

WINNER Not necessarily. I don't know all the federal laws, I'll be frank with you. In my state, we have given — you know, we've given first-time offenders some leniency. And I don't know all the federal law. I just worry about giving federal judges, who've been appointed for life, all kinds of leeway and latitude when it comes to sentencing.

MODERATOR Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, in the interest of human rights, should the United States government fully open to the world its files on General Augusto Pinochet, the former dictator of Chile?

LOSER I believe that would in fact be a proper move to make. I believe that information, the kind of thing that you spread knowledge amongst people in order to make sure that everyone will understand what the record is, is a correct and appropriate thing to do. We are a society in which that kind of freedom of expression is the foundation of integrity.

So I would have no argument with it, provided that you scrutinized that information to make sure that you release nothing that would be damaging to the national security of the United States.

With that proviso, I think we ought to do what is necessary in order to help people in the world understand the truth, in order to help people who may have been victims of injustice to seek redress of their grievances. I think that that is a step that is not only in the best interest of justice, but it's most consistent with America's ideal of justice for individual human beings.

MODERATOR Could the United States be culpable in the disappearance of thousands of Chileans under the Pinochet regime?

LOSER Well, I would certainly hope not. But it seems to me that that's the kind of question that you ought to examine with an open mind, look at the facts, and if those facts lead to culpability on the part of individuals who happen to be Americans, then we would pursue that according to our law and Constitution. Just as I believe it's appropriate for people in Chile and other countries to pursue those matters in ways that are appropriate with their laws and their constitution and their sovereignty.

We should not countenance, in this country, human rights abuses by people who are Americans. We don't believe in that, and I think we would move forward to do something about it. I don't think we ought to assume, however, that that is the case. But I don't think that we should fear to pursue justice in those cases.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, I want to return to a subject matter you alluded to earlier in our debate. The U.S. Supreme Court this week upheld the rights of states to cap the amount of an individual's contributions to political candidates. The court rejected the notion that contributions deserve First Amendment free speech protection.

Although the court didn't address the issue of soft money contributions, is this court's ruling seen as a stepping stone, in your eyes, to further campaign finance reform?

LOSER This court ruling is a magnificent affirmation of the efforts that I and reformers have been making for many years. And you know, Governor Bush says that it's unilateral disarmament if we get the special interests out of Washington. I see it as a clear road to victory. Because when I'm in the debate with Al Gore, I'm going to turn to Al Gore and I'm going to say, You and Bill Clinton debased the institutions of government in 1996 when you were engaged in reprehensible conduct, and then you said there was no controlling legal authority.

I'm going to give you a controlling legal authority. And I'm going to make what they did illegal.

And, George, when you're in that debate, you're going to stand there and you'll have nothing to say because you're defending this system.

You know, you've said that it's bad for our party if we have campaign finance reform. I've always had the belief that's what good for our country is good for our party.

MODERATOR Let me follow-up by asking you then, Senator, by and large the Republican establishment opposes the campaign finance reforms that you propose. Why is that?

LOSER Because there's an iron triangle in Washington, D.C., my friends, that have deprived you of your representation. It's big money and lobbyists and legislation that deprive you of your representation.

I'm going to break that iron triangle. They're scared to death down in Washington, in the lobbying community, because they know it's not going to be business as usual. And if there's anybody around that wants business as usual, they don't want to vote for John McCain.

I'm not proud when the Republican Party is taking $7 million from the tobacco companies. I'm appalled when I hear of these new setups of millions and millions of uncontrolled money that will never be disclosed.

We know what happened in '96; Chinese money flowed into the United States of America and our national security was compromised. That's wrong.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER That's wrong. Until the last breath I draw, I'll give the government back to the American people.

MODERATOR Time. Governor Bush, I'm going to give you 30 seconds.

WINNER John, I don't appreciate the way you've characterized my position. I'm for reform. I sure am. Wait a — I'm for reform. I'm for getting rid of the corporate soft money and labor union soft money. But I want to make sure big labor — big labor toes the line, too.

And that's the difference between what you're for and I'm for. You are not — you are not...

LOSER You know and I know that labor gives millions of dollars...

WINNER May I finish please, John?

LOSER ... and it would be effective, also.

WINNER May I finish please?

LOSER Fine, I'll be glad to.

WINNER Please. Thank you.

You are — paycheck protection is important to make sure the playing field is level. And you can call all kinds of names you want, but the truth of the matter is, an overwhelming number of your members of the United States Senate, on the Republican side, do not support your plan, because it's not fair. And that's the reason why.

MODERATOR Thank you.

McCain we're going to — John McCain, we're going to give you 30 seconds to rebut.

LOSER Well, I mean look, we know what happened. We know what's happening. It's now legal in America for a Chinese army-owned corporation, with a subsidiary in the United States of America, to give unlimited amounts of money to an American political campaign. I don't know how you defend that.

We know that the labor bosses go down with the big checks. We know the trial lawyers go down with the big checks. We would ban that. Clearly we want paycheck protection, but we really we also know what's going on with some of your people right now. They're setting up soft money to be used in the general — at least the media reports — in the general campaign.

My friends, we've got to fix this system before it lurches out of control, and young Americans won't take part in the political process. We had the lowest voter turnout in history in the 1998 election.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER These young people need to be brought back into the political process. I'll do that.

MODERATOR Steve Forbes, this question for you.

If local and network television were to grant presidential candidates five minutes — five minutes of free air time, collectively, in prime time, nightly, would you forego using 30-second ads?

LOSER Bernie, the answer is no, for a very basic reason. You just saw here, you violated the rules that you set for this debate. And the American people want to hear from all of the candidates. They want to hear it straight from the candidates. When you set — when you say you'll give candidates free time, nothing comes free from the federal government. There'll be strings attached. There'll be regulations. And this whole system in the last 25-years has been designed to keep outsiders out and to give incumbents real protection.

That's why the Supreme Court was wrong when it allowed those limits to stay in place. I want individuals to be able to have the freedom to give as much as they want to a candidate or a campaign as long as there's full and prompt disclosure.

Thirty years ago, in 1968, that was how a senator from Minnesota could challenge a sitting president. The rules are designed to perpetuate the establishment.

And so if you can get your message out in 30 seconds, do it. If you want to do it and raise the funds for 30 minutes, go do it. If you do it with the Internet, which I've done, getting a whole message out and showing that I have the real tax reform, unlike two of my colleagues here tonight who want to preserve the IRS as we know it, and not make fundamental tax reform, that is how you get the message you. You have a variety of ways to do it.

The government suppresses the free flow of information.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, I'm confused by part of your answer. At one point you said you broke the rules here. Were you referring to the way this debate is being conducted?

LOSER I was referring to the fact that you had a set with George Bush and John McCain, because, let's face it, the media thinks that's where the contest is. I wanted to put it in the hands of the voters. And I'm tired of these debates...

MODERATOR What was agreed to, sir — what was agreed to, sir, was that if one of you attacked the other, the person being attacked would have a chance to respond for 30 seconds.

LOSER OK. But in these debates, they always seem to try to have the rules, and they make rules and then they violate those rules. Gary and I could have a real set-to on China. Alan and I could probably do it on the woolly mammoth WTO. But it should be equal time for the candidates.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, you have said that you would require a litmus test for your Supreme Court nominees on the issue of abortion.

LOSER Yes.

MODERATOR How far would you take that litmus test? Would you also require it for your secretary of education, your secretary of state, your secretary of defense and others?

LOSER Right. Karen, I'm going to do as president whatever I have to do to end abortion on demand. This is the premier moral issue of our time. If we don't get this right, we're not going to get anything right.

We are destroying one-and-a-half million children a year. We've been doing that for 27 years. America is better than this.

It's interesting that you would call it a litmus test. That's the word liberals use to cower conservatives into doing what they ought not to do. A litmus test is just another word for a deeply held principle. This is a deeply held principle for me. I've got a 20-year record on it.

I'm going to appoint pro-life judges and pro-life people to everyplace in my administration, because I'm going to want the people in my administration to agree with me.

And I would just add that Governor Bush said this week that he thought Roe v. Wade was — quote-unquote — "a reach."

Governor, a reach? One-and-a-half million children a year. It's a darn sight more than a reach. It's a national tragedy.

My judges will be pro-life and abortion on demand will be over in my administration.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, since you have criticized Governor Bush about his stance on abortion, are you willing to say right now that you would not consider him for a post in your administration?

LOSER You know, Karen, I'll answer the question, but I want to be sure...

WINNER Better ask me that question first.

LOSER I want to be sure that you give the governor 30 seconds to respond to my attack on him, as we've seen several times here tonight.

The governor is a fine man, but I'm going to make sure that my running mate agrees with me on the issues. And I've asked the governor in four straight debates whether he will agree to appoint pro-life judges if he gets the nomination.

And four times in a row, Governor, you won't answer the question.

WINNER Well, let's make it five.

LOSER OK.

WINNER I will...

LOSER I'm glad that you're honest about it.

WINNER I will appoint judges who strictly interpret the Constitution and who will not use the bench to legislate. And, you know, it's interesting, Ronald Reagan was asked this question in the 1980 debate. You probably remember it.

LOSER I do remember it. I was with him.

WINNER Same answer. I gave the same answer. And I don't remember you standing up and saying, "Now, Governor, you gave the wrong answer."

LOSER There's a big difference. There's a big difference. There's a big difference, Governor, and here's the difference. We've been promising, as Republicans, for 20 years that we would do something about this. And instead of keeping our promise, we've put judges like David Souter on the court. Seven of the current nine judges were appointed by my party.

Abortion ought to be over. We have not been serious about it. That's why I'm pressing you so hard on it.

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

We are now going to move to closing statements from the candidates.

MODERATOR Thirty seconds each, beginning with you, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Thank you very much. It's been a great pleasure to be here tonight.

I'm an independent outsider. The Washington special interests have no hooks in me. I've got the conservative principles Getting rid of this tax code and allowing you to keep more of what you earn, do it now, not five years from now.

I've got a plan of action on moving the life issue forward to the human life amendment; of giving you choice on choosing your own schools and choosing your own doctors, and having control of your Social Security system; of rebuilding our military and keeping faith with our veterans.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER But that can't be done with politics as usual, and I plead for your support. Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER This may be the last time I have a chance to talk directly to the people of New Hampshire. My dear friends, thank you for letting Cindy and me be your temporary neighbors. This has been one of the most wonderful and uplifting experiences in my life. I will cherish this memory always.

I just had my 103rd town hall meeting in Plymouth Armory, and it, like every other, was an enlightening and wonderful experience for me. I'm grateful. I promise you again, I will always tell the truth. I'll reform the government.

MODERATOR Time.

LOSER And I'll inspire a generation of Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interest. And I thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

LOSER Well, I think the choice that Republicans face, you need to consider it in light of the fact that standing on the stage, we have one fellow who would give you Clinton's policy on gays in the military, "don't ask, don't tell," another who would support Clinton's policy on Social Security, another who will give you Clinton's trade policy and Clinton's globalism in foreign policy.

I think that as Republicans, we need to have a consistency in principle, go before the American people, challenging them to meet the moral crisis that is the chief issue of our day, and standing on conservative principles across the board in a way that will allow us effectively and coherently to answer the attacks of our Democratic opponents and offer a positive alternative to the American people.

MODERATOR Governor.

WINNER I want to thank Senator Gregg and Congressman Bass and all of my friends here in the great state of New Hampshire for your hospitality and for your hard work. Keep at it. Election time is right around the corner.

I appreciate the people of this state giving me a chance to talk about my economic tax cut plan, to talk about educational excellence, to talk about rebuilding the military to keep the peace.

I want to remind the folks of this state I've got a positive record as the governor of the state of Texas, that I'm a uniter, not a divider. And I intend to lead our country to a better day.

Thank you very much, and I'm asking for your vote.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER I'm the son of a janitor, and I know what it's like to live in a house where the paycheck lasts until Thursday but the bills last until Friday. I'm not going to forget average Americans.

I've had eight years of experience at the highest levels of government with Ronald Reagan. I know how the city works. I know how to get things done. I know what Reagan's values were and I want to finish his unfinished work.

Finally, I'm going to defend your values.

I will stop abortion on demand. I will protect the Second Amendment. We're going to stop illegal immigration.

With your vote, I can help America, together with you, become a shinning city upon a hill again.

God bless you and thank you very much.

MODERATOR That concludes our Republican debate. Karen and I thank each of you, the candidates.


MODERATOR Thanks for being with us once again for our second presidential debate. Last week we had the Democrats seeking their party's nomination for the presidency. And this week we have the Republican candidates, who are seeking the support of Iowans in the January 24 caucuses.

The candidates with us today are Gary Bauer, Steve Forbes, Senator Orrin Hatch, Governor George W. Bush, Ambassador Alan Keyes and Senator John McCain.

Gentlemen, thanks for being with us today. The questions you'll be asked have all come from Iowans. They've come from hundreds who have submitted questions to me — readers of the Register. And you'll have a minute for each of your answers. And then as time allows, we'll give you 30 seconds for a rebuttal.

By the way, our debates are being closed captioned. And in some areas, they're being translated into Spanish.

We're going to get started with opening statements before the questions. And the opening statements will be one minute in length. And let's begin with Governor Bush. The order was determined by a drawing.

So Governor, one minute.

WINNER Well, I want to thank the Des Moines Register for giving us all a chance to speak about our dreams and aspirations for our country. I love campaigning in Iowa. I love brining my message of hope and opportunity. I was in Red Oak yesterday, talking about making sure our agricultural sector is strong. I love talking about my vision for educational excellence for every single child. I hope we're able to talk about tax cuts today, to make sure our economy continues to grow.

Now, everywhere I go in this state, and will continue to go, I'm going to ask my supporters to make sure they go to the caucuses and exercise their right. I want to thank you for your support, and thank you for your friendship.

MODERATOR OK, thank you very much.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well, I'm grateful also to be here in Iowa. Iowa is much like Utah really good people, people that work hard, people who give everything they can to this country.

I'm worried about the country. I'm worried about whether or not we're going to have a continuation of the present leadership. I really want to see the Clinton-Gore team go.

And frankly, I think we've got to carry the ball as Republicans to get it to go. I'm very concerned about some of the things that they've done. And I've gotten so concerned that I did a fireside chat of about 30 minutes that will be on Channel 5 and Channel 8 at 600 and 630 today here in Des Moines.

I hope you watch it, because it lets you know here's one senator who is very concerned about what's going on.

Iowa is a great state. It's a place where people work hard and earn their livings and do what they should. I'm glad to be with you. I'm asking you for your vote.

MODERATOR Thanks, Senator.

Gary Bauer, your opening statement.

LOSER Well, I would like to begin this afternoon by bringing up two very important issues that we can only solve by going back to our values. The first is the sanctity of innocent human life.

We've got to make a place at the table for all of our children. I will do that. My judges will be pro-life, my running mate will be pro-life. I will make sure that our children are welcomed into the world and protected by the law.

I've got a 30-year record on this. I'm serious. I will end abortion on demand in my first presidential term.

The second issue I would like to mention is China. For 10 years we've given China most favored nation status and they've given us the back of their hand. They're building their military. They've made a move on the Panama Canal. And we give the canal away — unbelievable.

I will repeal most favored nation status for China. Most of my competitors up here today will not. Listen to us on these issues.

Weigh them both and then help me be your next president. Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Thanks, Mr. Bauer.

Steve Forbes, your opening statement.

LOSER Well, thank you very much.

I visited Iowa more than any other candidate on this stage. My wife, Sabina, and our daughters have logged 12,000 miles in your great state. You know me, you know where I stand. And you know that a critical test for a leader is faithfulness and fidelity to ideas and promises. You can depend on me. I will change Washington with your help. I will not bow to the special interests. I will not give in. I will fight for you.

Together, we can make great things happen. Let's make it happen. Let's make history. I hope I earn your support. Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

Senator McCain.

LOSER Thank you, Rennie. Thank you to the Des Moines Register for hosting this very important debate here. It's wonderful to be back. This is the state where my father was born, in Council Bluffs.

A lot of you don't know me. I want to assure you that I'm running for president of the United States because I want to reform the institutions of government. I want to reform education and the military and health care and the tax code. We can't do that unless we get the government out of the hands of the special interests and back into the public interests.

Now, I know that nine days, nine evenings from tonight, we're going to have a big event. And I hope there will be a very hearty band of Americans, Iowans who will go out and say, Hey, this guy McCain, he's qualified and prepared to be president of the United States.

And I can assure you that I am.

MODERATOR OK, Senator, thank you very much.

Now Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Well, first I am thankful and grateful to be here, especially because it gives me an opportunity to share some good news with you. At the end of the last debate, I talked about the situation of Thomas and Jim Navarro, folks who were looking for a way to get the FDA to stand aside so they could get the best treatment for Thomas, who is a four-year-old dying of an aggressive brain cancer, a brain tumor. And I'd like to report to you that — I told you I was preparing a letter for the FDA. Well, I'm pleased to say that all but one of my colleagues have signed on to that letter. We will hopefully get the other signature soon. We'll be sending it on to Donna Shalala.

But the real hero of all of this, I think, is Thomas and Jim Navarro and his wife. And Jim and Thomas are with us today and I just wanted you to have a chance to meet them. Stand up, Thomas.

This is the father who is fighting for the life of his son. I would appreciate your help and support in any way that you can to show that government should not stand in the way of responsible people who are trying to get the kind of medical care that will help to prolong life.

That is the human dimension of what we do here trying to make sure our people get back their liberties.

MODERATOR Thank you, Ambassador.

OK, well now we'll move to questions. They've all come from Register readers and Iowans.

Our first question is from Richard Timyer of Burlington, Iowa, and here's what he wrote to me I have an 87-year-old father who has Parkinson's Disease and a 47-year old brother with Down's Syndrome, who has lost his Medicaid coverage. The cost of long-term residential care simply can't be managed by families such as mine. As president, what steps would you take to ensure that affordable, long-term care is available to anybody who needs it, regardless of age or income?

Mr. Bauer, you're first with one minute.

LOSER Well, Richard, first of all, let me say something about veterans' long-term care.

We've been closing veterans hospitals around the country and that's outrageous. My father spent the last two years of his life in a veterans hospital. We made a bargain with those men. They answered the call for the country. And I'll make sure that we do have long-term care for our veterans.

For older Americans and other ones, let me tell you something, Richard, that you may not know. The politicians in Washington have taken care of themselves and federal employees with a great federal health care plan. Every year you get to choose from 200 health insurance policies. Many of them do cover long-term care.

We've looked at this. A bipartisan commission determined that we could let older Americans opt out of Medicare into that federal plan. We could save money and provide the long-term care that your family needs — and the prescription drug coverage — and save money in the process. This is the kind of reform I'll do as president. It's important, and I'm committed to it.

MODERATOR OK. Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well, I'm not just talking about it. I'm not just making promises. I've actually worked on long-term care issues from the time I was in the Senate. I'm one of the prime authors of the home health care bill, that brings home health care right into the home where the senior citizen or person who's sick actually feels more climative, and more psychologically and psychiatrically secure.

I've worked very hard on nursing home issues. For instance, I came to Iowa. I visited a number of the nursing homes, especially the skilled nursing facilities, where complex medical patients — like people with Alzheimer's, like people with difficulties described here today — are taken care of.

They were not making it. There were 900 of them going into Chapter 11 bankruptcy, or in Chapter 11. I said I'd go back and do something about it. I went back and worked right up to the end of this session, and literally, in the last few days of the session, got the reimbursement levels up, where these people were taken care of.

I'm not just talking about it. I've actually done it. And that's what I offer to the people here in Iowa, and the people throughout this country — experience.

MODERATOR Thanks, Senator.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think it's critically important that we understand that if we want to be able to allocate our medical dollars to reflect the right kind of priorities, then we've got to take an approach that helps people to maximize the cost effectiveness of the medical care they receive. We shouldn't have government and other bureaucracies dictating to people who are trying to act responsibly.

But instead, we need to empower them, through programs that voucherize the government system, that give people medical savings accounts, that allow greater choice on the part of individuals and families, allow them to make the decisions that can help us to keep the costs down. And by making better use of our medical dollars, we will then be able to allocate those dollars with priority to the things that families really can't handle for themselves. And that means giving top priority to the kind of long-term care that can have a catastrophic effect on the family budget.

If we take the right approach, people will be armed to keep the costs down, and our medical dollars can be used more effectively to help people meet those needs, that they can't meet for themselves.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator McCain?

LOSER All of the proposals that my colleagues have mentioned are all good, including tax deductions for those who itemize, as well as those who don't — medical savings accounts, et cetera. But I want to talk about a special group of Americans that may not be able to do all these things, and that's our World War II veterans, our greatest generation.

Thanks to Tom Brokaw's book, "The Greatest Generation," thanks to the movie "Saving Private Ryan," Americans are beginning to appreciate the service and sacrifice of these brave Americans who did make the world safe for democracy.

Their leaving us at 30,000 a month. We promised them — we promised them — health care and benefits when we asked them to go out and serve and sacrifice. We're not doing that, my friends. They deserve the health care benefits that we promise them.

And I — as I'm on this book tour for the book I wrote, and I see these World War II veterans, they deserve far better from they're getting. And this administration is AWOL on this issue.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I think the key is putting patients in charge of health care resources again. There is no need for all of these third parties — HMOs, insurers, employers, gatekeepers, government bureaucracies that stand in the way.

It's true If you work for the federal government as a civilian, if you're a member of Congress, you have your choice of several hundred different health care plans. If it's good enough for Congress, it should be good enough for the elderly in America.

So that way, if you need long-term care, you can choose a plan that does it. If you need prescriptive medicines, you can choose a plan that does it. And for those on Medicaid, you should be able to have vouchers and coupons and the like, so you make the choice, not where the government tells you to go.

This issues also though brings up the life issue. We've talked about and I hope we will talk about the need for keep the pro-life plank in the platform, pro-life judges and pro-life running mates.

It also brings up the issue of euthanasia and assisted suicide. We must fight both; they go hand-in-hand.

MODERATOR Thank you, sir.

Governor Bush.

WINNER The danger in the health care debate is that America falls prey to the idea that the federal government should make all decisions for consumers and the federal government should make all decisions for the provider, that the federal government should ration care. The good news is none of us on this stage support that. The other two candidates running for the Democratic Party sound like they support that.

The current issue, as far as the elderly is, there's an agency called HCFA. It's controlled by a 132,000-page document to determine how to allocate and ration Medicare dollars to the seniors. It is a plan that is inefficient. It is a plan that's antiquated. And what our government must do is empower our seniors to be able to make choices for themselves and support premiums for the poorest of seniors.

In terms of long-term care for the baby boomers, I think we ought to encourage the purchase of long-term care insurance and allow deductibility of that insurance so that the new — younger generations are able to plan more aptly for when they retire and when they become more elderly.

MODERATOR OK, thank you, Governor.

You each have 30 seconds for a follow up answer.

Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Well, let me just say in a related matter that I don't think any of us want Bill and Hillary Clinton or government bureaucrats running health care. But I have to tell you, I don't want HMO bureaucrats running it either.

And I think our party got off on the wrong foot some months ago, when we stood against a patient bill of rights. I think if my mother is mistreated at her HMO and she's experienced medical malpractice, she should have a right to sue.

There's nothing Republican or nothing conservative about standing with the big HMO's against average Americans. I'll support a patient bill of rights.

MODERATOR OK.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well, firstly, we did not go against patient bill of rights. We have a Senate bill, a House bill. The Senate isn't as good as the House bill. We're going to get together and resolve it.

I'd say home health care is pretty darn important for these people. So is effective nursing home care. So are community health centers. So is the Hatch-Waxman bill that provided that seniors don't have to give up food in order to get pharmaceuticals, and cut pharmaceutical costs $8 to $10 billion for each of the years since 1984.

These are things that I've done. These are things that I know how to do. I know more about health care. And can tell you, I can solve these problems and I will.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I'm sort of sorry to hear Gary going down a road that suggests that we ought to turn all of this business over to the judges. They don't do a very good job anywhere else; I doubt they'll do it here. It just becomes an excuse for government domination.

What we really need to do is empower people, patients, to be in a position where they will be able to enforce their judgment if their not getting what they need. I'll not turn it over to trial lawyers so that they can go down the same wasteful road we have seen, raising the costs for all Americans and burdening our health care system with an unneeded weight of litigation. I think it's a big mistake to go down that road.

MODERATOR Thank you, Ambassador.

And we'll go now to Senator McCain.

LOSER All of us in this room in the next 15 minutes, including with Congressman Ganske here, could sit down and work out a patients' bill of rights. We all know, it's simple allow a women to see a gynecologist, a second opinion, emergency room care, the right to sue under certain circumstances. Why don't we? Why is it hung up in Congress.

Because the Democrats are id locked by the trial lawyers, who want everybody to sue everybody for everything. And the Republicans are grid locked by the big money from the HMOs and the insurance companies.

The American people deserve better. And until we get this soft money, these uncontrolled contributions out of Washington...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER... we won't reach agreements.

MODERATOR All right, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I've put forth the strongest and boldest proposals to put patients in charge of health care again, whether it's removing restrictions on HMOs, giving you true choice and the like.

It's absolutely ridiculous in America today that you have to go through an appeals process if you're not satisfied with the care you get. You know, if you want to go from Wendy's to McDonald's, you don't need an act of Congress.

So, remove those restrictions. They're undemocratic. They're against freedom. And they should be removed. You should be able to choose your own doctor, choose your own specialist, choose your own health care plan.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Bush.

WINNER One of the things I've learned as the governor of Texas is that if you set a clear enough agenda during the course of a campaign, and you know how to bring people together to achieve an agenda, things can get done. Unfortunately, this administration has used Medicare and the issue of Social Security as a political football.

Should I become the president, reforming Medicare and Social Security are going to be a primary objective of mine. And I intend to work with Republicans and Democrats to do what's right for America.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Now we're going to have some fun. Each of you will have a chance to ask a question of one of the others. And we'll begin — and by the way, the pairings were determined by a drawing. And you'll have 30 seconds to ask your question. Your opponent will have a minute to answer. And then you'll have 30 seconds for a follow-up question.

We will begin with Mr. Bauer, who will have 30 seconds to ask a question of Senator Hatch.

LOSER Senator, we've known each other for a long time, and it's one of the reasons I'm disappointed that on the China issue you have taken the same position as Governor Bush and Steve Forbes and Senator McCain. That is, after 10 years of giving them most favored nation status, you want to do it again. That's the same position that Bill Clinton and Al Gore have.

That policy has failed. They're in the middle of a massive arms buildup. We can't trade our way out of this problem. We need a Reagan foreign policy. What would China have to do so that you would put national security and human rights in front of trade?

LOSER Well, I happen to believe that I have put national security and human rights in front trade. But I was there in China in the last '70s, the early '80s, the late '80s, the early '90s and the late '90s. The difference between the late '70s and the late '90s is so stark you can't hardly believe it, because there is a creeping freedom that is growing there because we're bringing China into the world of nations and expecting them to abide by the rule of law.

Yes, they don't treat liberty very well over there. They violate human rights. They've enslaved the Tibetans. And they've threatened Taiwan and they've caused problems all over that area.

On the other hand, I don't think the way to solve the problem is to isolate China. I think the way to solve the problem is to bring China into the world of nations — WTO, IMF, et cetera — where they've got to act like real human beings.

And I've got to tell you, I know Ronald Reagan. I helped elect him. I went to 36 states for him. And I can tell you this I believe Ronald Reagan would be right there, trying to bring China into a world orbit where they have to live within world norms.

LOSER Senator, you may know Ronald Reagan, but I worked for him for eight years...

LOSER So, did I.

LOSER... and I was at the...

LOSER... so, did I.

LOSER... Cabinet table with him...

LOSER... I worked for him for 23 years.

LOSER And I can tell you, Senator, that he never gave the Soviet Union most favored nation status. I would agree with you that China — there's some creeping going on. The creeping is the Chinese presence now in the Panama Canal zone. The creeping are the missiles coming and now aimed at Taiwan.

Sir, we cannot trade our way out of this problem. You are being naive in your answer.

LOSER Well, I'm hardly being naive. But at least I've been there, and I've been there many times. And I met with Deng Xiaoping when we reopened China. He rolled out the red carpet for me. And I've met with the other...

LOSER I think that might be the problem. [laughter]

LOSER I had a meeting with Jiang Zemin, President Jiang Zemin.

No, it isn't the problem. And I resent that Gary, because — Gary you did a good job for Reagan when you were there. I've worked 23 years for Ronald Reagan's principles. And I'm going to continue to do so.

And I can tell you this. I've been there, I've done it, I've met with those people. And I slammed Jiang Zemin so hard that he gave me an hour and a half when he had only scheduled a half hour.

MODERATOR OK, Senator, thank you.

Now, we'll go to Ambassador Keyes who will ask a question of Governor Bush.

Ambassador.

LOSER Governor Bush, I was reading not long ago about a little town in Texas named El Cinitzo, I believe, in which the city council has passed an ordinance saying that all the business of this Texas-American town, is to be conducted in the Spanish language.

A lot of us, millions of other Americans, like myself, look at that sort of thing as an assault on our linguistic unity that is dangerous to the future union of this country.

MODERATOR May we have your question, please.

LOSER You have done nothing to respond to this. What action do you plan to take to show the people that you stand for one nation, one language, rather than a nation linguistically divided?

MODERATOR Governor.

WINNER [speaking in Spanish] [laughter]

LOSER [speaking in Spanish]

WINNER I did talk to Archer...

LOSER [speaking in Spanish]

WINNER [speaking in Spanish] [laughter]

LOSER Vaminos. [laughter]

LOSER Si. [laughter]

WINNER I'll tell you...

LOSER Arriba. [laughter]

WINNER I — one, I expressed concern about it. I don't want this town's business being conducted in Spanish. It ought to be conducted in English. Secondly, I've talked to our attorney general, General Kornan, to make sure that this town was conforming to all the laws — that they have — that they open their meetings — their meetings be conducted in the laws of Texas.

And so I did express concern about it. And I do express concern about it. English is our nation's language. That's why I'm for programs that make sure our children learn to speak English. That's why I'm for programs — that's why I'm for what's called English-Plus. English is the great language that provides freedom and opportunity, plus we respect other people's heritage in this country.

MODERATOR Ambassador, a follow-up?

LOSER In the context of the South Carolina flag debate, we've got a Republican named Senator Ravenel, who has also, among other things, in the last couple of days, made extremely insulting and derogatory remarks about black Americans, saying, in effect, that we're all retarded and so forth and so on.

Would you join me in repudiating that kind of racial slur, and in asking this senator to stand up and not just apologize to black Americans, but to apologize to all Republicans for misrepresenting the decent heart of our party on racial matters?

WINNER Yes, I agree with you, Alan. His comments are out of line and we should repudiate them.

MODERATOR OK. [laughter] Very good. [laughter]

Senator McCain, your response to Gary Bauer, please. Or your question.

LOSER Gary, I want to roll out the red carpet for you again, if I could. [laughter]

You know the scandals of 1996 were the debasement of every institution of government by the Clinton-Gore campaign, and their abuses were incredible.

Perhaps the most compelling and concerning was the money that came from China. And we'll never know how much. We'll never know about how much technology was transferred. But I'd like your views on that. And how in the world anybody could defend the present system where that kind of thing went on, if we don't change that status quo.

LOSER Senator McCain, you're absolutely right. The idea that money that began, originated, with people in the People's Liberation Army in communist China — it still is communist China — that that money made its way into the American political process, into the coffers of Clinton and Gore. And then we're supposed to believe that coincidentally a few months after that, technology gets sold to China from some supposedly great American companies.

The politicians in Washington ought to be ashamed of themselves. And the corporate presidents that allowed that technology to go to China that could be used by the Chinese military ought to be ashamed of themselves.

If sir, we have to send people to an Asian battlefield again, those company presidents and politicians will have some answering to do.

LOSER And I had a bill on the floor of the Senate to ban this exact corrupt practice. And it was not even allowed to be voted on. What does that tell you about the influence of this special interest money in the Congress of the United States of America?

LOSER Senator, I'm concerned about it. We all have to raise about $30,000 a day.

None of us can take a gift of more than $1,000 from an individual. That figure is probably too low. I would support increasing it and have immediate reporting of it. But I don't like the fact that foreign companies or foreign citizens or big corporations or big unions can give $4 and $5 million donations to the two political parties.

I think it is corrupt. And you know, if you call the Republican National Committee and the Democratic National Committee, and some corporation that just gave $5 million called, you're going to be put on hold.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

OK, now we'll go to Senator Hatch. He'll have a question for Steve Forbes.

LOSER Well, Steve, I put on the 28 minute speech this — the Fireside Chat this afternoon on channels five and six, at 600 and 630. [laughter]

LOSER What were those times again, Senator.

LOSER Six and 630, channel five, channel six.

LOSER I hoped the fire survived.

LOSER I'll throw you another — I'm going to throw you another home-run ball.

The fact of the matter is is that I speak about the deceit and corruption of this administration. That's something that we haven't been talking about. And it isn't to attack the administration, individually — the individual people...

MODERATOR Can we have your question, quickly, please?

LOSER I would like you to talk about that, and what you think we ought to do about that, and how we can change it as Republicans.

LOSER It's a good question. And one of the first things I will do as president of the United States is restore professionalism and integrity to the Department of Justice of the United States of America.

What has happened there is an absolute disgrace without precedent in our history. This administration has abused every sort of power, whether it was going after the travel office, and it's tawdry scheme to try to make money for their friends; whether it was the sudden appearance, in the White House basement, of 900 FBI files, sensitive files on their opponents.

And the administration wants you to believe that those files appeared by sort of a bureaucratic version of immaculate conception. [laughter]

The whole thing on Chinese contributions and letting our technology go to China — the whole thing has a stench to it. And we're going to clean that stench and have a Justice Department that will truly serve the American people again.

Unknown Excuse me, may I ask a follow-up?

LOSER Good answer, Steve. That was a very good answer. The fact of the matter — the fact of the matter is is that this administration has actually allowed these companies to transfer this material. This administration has not followed good counter-intelligence matters. How would you follow them as president of the United States?

LOSER Well, intelligence — we have to rebuild our intelligence and actually use our intelligence, which clearly this administration has not been doing. There's a whole job of rebuilding that has to be done. It's not just intelligence. It's not just cleaning out the Justice Department.

We've all made reference to the military. We need a major military buildup, starting with compensation for our people. We need more equipment, more spare parts, better training, better R&D. And, as John said, we must abide by the promises made to our veterans. Absolutely.

MODERATOR OK. Mr. Forbes, you may now ask a question of Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Alan, one of the issues in America today, of course, is our importation of oil and energy. Would you support opening up ANWR in Alaska for exploration to find out what oil we have there and to get that oil out, so we're a little less dependent on sources — unstable sources overseas?

LOSER Yes, I would. I think it's important that we understand that as we are facing the future, we're going to have to try to take advantage of our energy reserves.

We want to do it in a way that's responsible. But we know that our science now allows us to do this exploration in ways that will respect ecological and environmental requirements, at the same time that we can exploit God's precious resources for the good of our people.

I think it's also important because if we can reduce our dependence on foreign oil, it buys us time in order to make use of our ingenuity to develop those alternative energy resources that are going to be part of the mix as we move into the future, into the 21st century for America.

So, I would support that, and I think that it's as good way to go provided we do it in a way that is responsible and that harnesses our scientific know-how to make sure we respect environmental requirements.

MODERATOR A follow-up?

LOSER I think, Alan, you answered it very well, particularly on environmental technology. It is there to do the job right, and you're right we should do it right now.

LOSER I would just want to add that I think that illustrates an approach that ought to be there in terms of all our trusteeship for the environment. Instead of letting it become an excuse for government totalitarianism, for interference in the kinds of things that can help to better develop life for our people, we need to approach it in a balanced fashioned, harnessing our ingenuity, so that we respect the environment and the requirements of our people, so that we can have a thriving economy and at the same time hand on our precious heritage from God to our future.

I think it can be done if we're willing to take that approach.

MODERATOR OK, Governor Bush, you may ask a question of Senator McCain.

WINNER During the last Iowa debate we had a disagreement over ethanol. I support the tax credit on ethanol; you don't.

As part of your plan to pay for your tax cuts, you say we ought to eliminate what's called employer provided benefits to workers.

These are benefits where transportation or meals or continuing education is given to a worker tax-free. That's $40 billion of your $170 billion tax reduction plan

My question to you is Why would you say to a single mom who's working — who's getting educated — that she would have to pay taxes on those benefits? If you get rid of the employer-related benefits, the workers are going to have to pay taxes. It's a $40 billion tax increase.

LOSER Well, the first thing I'd say to the single mom is that I've got a tax cut for you and Governor Bush doesn't. That's the first thing.

WINNER That's not true.

LOSER Yes, it is.

WINNER That's not true. That is not true.

LOSER But let's talk about the real — the real issue here. The real issue is, my friends, is we've got a surplus. And, for the first time since Dwight David Eisenhower we've got a surplus. And the question is what do you want to do with it?

I want to give it to low-and middle-income Americans as a tax cut. I want to give them the benefits from this that they need that lower and middle-income Americans need.

But I also think we've got a ticking time bomb out there called Social Security. That has got to be fixed. We've got a national debt of $5.6 trillion that we need to pay for — because we're laying that debt on young Americans. We need to pay down that debt.

Governor Bush's plan has not one penny for Social Security, not one penny for Medicare, and not one penny for paying down the national debt.

And when you run ads saying you're going to take care of Social Security, my friend, that's all hat and no cattle.

WINNER I...[laughter] That's cute, but...[laughter]

LOSER You know, they're always cutest when they're true. [laughter]

WINNER That's not true.

LOSER That certainly is.

WINNER I've got $2 trillion set aside for Social Security. My question to you is — and we can talk about taxes, I hope. Everybody's got an interesting idea on taxes.

LOSER I thought that's what we were talking about.

WINNER My question — no, we're talking about why would you have a plan that in essence raises taxes on working people by $40 billion. Why would you support a plan that caused — why would you take away benefits that people then have to pay tax on? Taxes on education, and transportation, and meals?

LOSER I'm giving them a huge tax cut. And that is a fact.

And the reality is, that your tax plan has 36 percent of it going to the richest 1 percent in America. I don't do that. I think that we ought to give the tax relief to the people that need it the most.

But I also think the best thing I can do for that woman you're talking about is save her Social Security.

$2 trillion isn't the Social Security trust fund. You know that. Let's not do the Texas two-step here. It needs $5 to $7 trillion more, and we've got to do it soon, so that they can invest their retirement into savings investments of their choice, so we can save the system.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

We'll undoubtedly get back to taxes a little bit later.

Last week the Register reported that almost half of the farm subsidies paid out from 1996 to 1998 went to just 10 percent of the total recipients. That concerns Iowans like Robert Rower of Paulina. And he wrote to me, "Since the family farmer is self-employed, would you be willing to cap government agricultural benefits to a modest, one family level?"

The first answer to this question will be Steve Forbes'. Mr. Forbes?

LOSER The question is a very good one. And Washington should certainly provide relief to family farmers given the fact that the agricultural crisis today is largely made in Washington, D.C.

And as the system goes there, those who seem to have the most, get the most out of it.

For the farmer, there are several things that have to be done. One is to open up foreign markets, which this administration talks about but does not do. Don't harm our existing foreign customers in the Pacific Rim and elsewhere with disastrous economic policies that have cost us $30 billion in farm exports.

Enforce antitrust laws — and this will help family farmers. There are laws on the books against vertical integration going back to the turn of this century. This administration is not enforcing them.

And the Federal Reserve has got to get off of this high interest rate kick. They did that in the mid 1980s, devastated commodity prices in farmers. They've got to get off of it, it's unnecessary, it's doing unnecessary harm to the economy of the farmer and will eventually do harm to the economy as a whole.

We've been down that road before.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Hatch, how about capping benefits to our...

LOSER I'd sure consider it, because you know there is concentration in the agricultural area where beans, corn, hogs, et cetera, are almost 80 percent concentrated in just a few companies. And to be honest with you, it isn't fair to the farmers.

Ten years ago, we had 22 million farmers, people in farming. Today, we have five million. The family farm is being beset on all sides. Fifteen years ago, farmers got more for their products than they do today.

Now look, we've got to solve the vertical and horizontal integration problems. We've got to solve the problems of spreading our agricultural commodities all over the world. We've got to get tough on trade. We've got to have an administration that really goes after it.

We've got to have crop insurance. We've got to have the freedom to farm with a safety net. Because the only way you're going to get where you really make what the farm products are worth is through freedom to farm.

You know, it's really pathetic that we're not doing for the farmer what we should do, but especially the family farmer. We ought to cut capital gains so that there's no capital gains on farm equipment and land.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER I think that what's happening is very sad. We're seeing a greater consolidation of the agri-businesses. For example, a majority of the ethanol subsidies goes to Archer Daniels Midland, which is over in Illinois, as I understand it. Obviously we need crop insurance. We need to examine why it is that the government takes almost everything that a family earns all of his life and can't pass it on to their children. I think that making the inheritance tax kick in only at a level of about $5 million would have enormous beneficial effect on that.

Also, I'm the greatest free trader you will know. I will lower barriers to product goods and products from other countries, if they will lower their barriers to ours.

And the most productive farmer in the world in the American farmer and the Iowa farmer. The people in Beijing and Bangkok and Paris will be eating Iowa pork and they will love it, because I will get those products into their markets.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think two things are true. First of all, we need to look at the root of this problem. Steve nibbles around the edges a little bit when he talks about the Federal Reserve, but the truth of it is we've had government programs that were aimed at compensating for the fundamental reality that in the course of this century we've restructured our banking system in a way that was insensitive to the needs of the family and independent farmer.

I think we need to take a careful look at the way in which this whole centralized banking system is contrary to the interests of farmers and move in a direction that will restore an element to the banking system that works with and is sensitive to the needs, the capital needs, of farmers.

All the talk, by the way, of opening up new markets can't be done in the context of this collectivist free trade approach that does not allow us to maximize the clout we gain from our enormous market.

And I want to get away from this collectivist bargaining approach and in a hard-hitting way, a businesslike approach, force other countries to accept our goods as the condition of their entry into American markets. We can't do that at the collectivist, so-called, free trade bargaining table. And that's why I think we ought to withdraw from the WTO.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Bush.

WINNER I would consider the formula — look at the formulas to make sure that the money was distributed fairly. And as importantly, would have an Agricultural Department that would — that would send the money out on a timely basis. This current Agricultural Department's held money for too long for these farmers waiting for the money.

I believe we ought to increase demand for Iowa products. That's what ethanol does, John, increases demand for Iowa corn. I think we ought to open up markets all around the world. I think we ought to reduce barriers and tariffs. We shouldn't be using food as a diplomatic weapon. We ought to — we ought to implement the food-for-peace program.

I think we ought to eliminate the death tax as well, so people can pass their farm from one generation to the next. And we ought to have good sound risk management policies that give farmers more options when it comes to crop insurance and more options on how to manage their income.

Agriculture is incredibly important for this country. And one of the reasons why we've had trouble in the world is because administration's have traded off agricultural issues as if it's a secondary part of our economy. It's not.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Bauer.

LOSER You know, when I first started coming to Iowa a year ago, one of the things that struck me first were the men that I'd seen at various town meetings and so forth who looked me in the eye — strong men, men that worked with their hands — and they would get a catch in their voice, a tear in their eye as they started to talk about losing farms that had been in their families for a generation.

These are good men. If we wake up one morning and the American food supply is controlled by a handful of corporations, we will regret it for the rest of our history.

These men are playing by the rules. They're doing the right thing, and they're being failed in Washington.

I will cap the benefits. I'll enforce the antitrust laws. But I'll also make sure that China quits playing us for suckers. We let them pour their goods in here while they buy less of Iowa farm products than they did five years ago.

And I'll tell our European allies that we bailed you out twice this century. It's time for you to treat us like an ally. Stop protecting your farmers or we will fight just as hard for our farmers. I am not going to forget the little guy of this state.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, 30 seconds more.

LOSER Well, I think it's critical, in addition to doing — opening more markets, getting those barriers reduced — that we do more to enforce these antitrust laws here at home, and also do more on research on development. After all, we have a whole high-tech industry based on grains of sand, literally writing whole worlds on grains of sand.

If we can do that with sand, silicon, why in the world can't we do that with corn and wheat and other agricultural products — find new uses. We need to do more R&D and we will have more demand for our products.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER I'm on the Senate Finance Committee. On that committee, I'm dedicated to getting rid of the death taxes that I think are wrecking the family farmer.

Family farmers are land rich and cash poor.

Also, on ethanol, John, I've got to tell you ethanol has produced 14 billion gallons of gas and oil. Some estimate as much as 35 percent alleviation of dependency on foreign gas and oil.

I believe we've got to do everything in our power to help the farmer. And I've been voting for this. I've voted for every farm bill since I've been in the Senate. And I'm going to continue to do so.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

LOSER Orrin, everyone of those gallons can help neither the consumer nor the environment. And there's study, after study, after study that indicates that. Ethanol was a program that came in during the gas crisis in the 1970s. And like most government programs, it lived on forever.

I want the farmer not to be dependent upon government subsidies. I want them to be independent. And I think the best way we can do that is give them the maximum flexibility that they can, and get their products — one third of the output of the farms — agricultural output in America is exported. And that's where we ought to focus most of our attention.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I read an article the other day in which the New York Times basically declared the death of the family farm and acted like it was a good thing. It's not.

The family farm has been the source of an important contribution to the moral culture of this country — the sense of individualism and community that we rely upon. That's why we need to give special priority to the family and independent farmers in the administration of all of our programs.

But we can't count on that. We need to get to the root of the problem.

The family farm has been under the gun ever since we consolidated control of the banking system at the national level. We need to change that fundamental fact.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER I think one of the — a good use of the federal government is to provide research money, research and development money. I think there's some incredible value-added processing opportunities for our agricultural sector. Who knows, we may have biomass fuel. We won't know unless we put a focused and concerted effort on researching what the opportunities and hopes are for — for renewable resources, much of which is grown right here in Iowa.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

And Gary Bauer.

LOSER One of the provisions of the Freedom to Farm Act would be that there would be a commission that would look at an income subsidy program. Everybody in Washington recognized there would be some years where you just couldn't make it on the family farm. As a conservative, I'm willing to go forward with that. We ought to be there to provide some help for income of farmers in the really bad years.

One final thing, ethanol isn't being subsidized, it's just not being taxed.

Unknown Right.

LOSER Not taxing something, John, isn't a subsidy. Not taxing it is what we ought...

LOSER If everybody else pays, it is.

LOSER... to do with more products, not fewer.

MODERATOR OK. Thank you very much. I'd now like to introduce a student from an Iowa community college for a question for you all. He's Adam Glawe of Peyton, Iowa. He's a participant in The Register's students and the caucuses program. Adam's a student at Des Moines Area Community College.

And Adam, thanks for being with us this morning. Go ahead and ask your question.

Glawe Thank you. During a December debate here in Iowa, each of you was asked who you consider to be your role model as a political philosopher or thinker. How specifically would you as president improve the dignity of the Oval Office and restore the moral excellence of our great nation?

MODERATOR Thank you very much for the question. Mr. Bauer, you're first with an answer, please.

LOSER Well, Adam, this is extremely important. I worked for Ronald Reagan for eight years. And, you know, Ronald Reagan would not go into the Oval Office without his coat and tie on. That office meant something. It was not just his office. It belonged to the American people.

Presidents had sat at that desk and had sent our sons off to foreign battlefields. Reagan knew what that office meant. I don't have to remind or embarrass this audience about what the current president did in that office.

We do need men and women of integrity in Washington. I will bring reliable standards of right and wrong to the White House. Our young people will be proud again of our institutions.

I think we can do that. I think we know how to do that. I think the seven — the last seven years has been an aberration, not a reflection of the values of the American people. I will be dedicated to returning good values to the Oval Office and to my administration.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well, Elaine and I have been married for 43 years. We're in our 43rd year now. We have six children and 19 grandchildren. I've been appalled at what's happened in Washington. I don't want to go into that, because I don't want to malign anybody back there. But I've got to tell you I did spend 28 minutes on television, and it's on today. [laughter]

And every one of you ought to watch it because it's the most definitive, substantive statement made about this administration.

LOSER And it proves that perhaps it's the most deceitful and corrupt in our nation's history.

It hasn't been right for our kids. When this president said on MTV, "I didn't inhale," that sent the wrong message to every kid in this country, because all those kids knew that he had to inhale, and he did inhale. And if he did, then a lot of them think, well, why can't they.

Now that's the kind of example we've got to get rid of. We've got people — better than 51 percent of the people in this country today — don't believe marriage is a sanctified institution anymore. It's time to get back to where it should be, and I'll put it there if you'll give me the chance. I'm asking for your votes.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think we ought to stop kidding ourselves here. That wasn't Bill Clinton's problem, it was our problem. And our problem is that we have turned our back on the fundamental premise of this nation's life that our rights come from God and must be exercised with respect for the authority of God.

Anybody who gets into that Oval Office and isn't willing, whatever the political cost, to confront us with the fact that we have made the wrong choice on abortion, that we are making the wrong choice in supporting the radical homosexual agenda, that we are making the wrong choice in believing that we can have sexual licentiousness and liberty at the same time, is not going to help this nation.

You want to know the truth? Bill Clinton's not the only one who needs to shape up. We all need to shape up, starting with getting back to our allegiance to the fundamental moral principles that are this nation's strength and that ought to shape its heart. I will challenge the nation to do that. And in doing so, we will set an example with our courage in our choices, to which our children will respond.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER The first and primary responsibility of the President of the United States is to protect its security and conduct foreign policy.

This administration has conducted foreign policy in a feckless, photo-op way that will cause us perhaps to have to expend our most precious assets our American blood and treasure.

I will not take a poll as president of the United States as to how to conduct foreign policy. The recent crisis in Kosovo that we stumbled into without having to get into was conducted by polls, where the president refused to mass — to prepare for ground operations so Mr. Milosevic was able to more efficiently murder, rape and kill innocent civilians.

We dropped bombs from 15,000 feet, thereby killing innocent civilians. This conduct of foreign policy has got to be changed, and the leadership of this nation has got to rest in the hands of someone who understands it, is prepared for it. And I am fully prepared.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER Exactly what channel was that on tonight, Orrin? [laughter]

LOSER Five and eight.

WINNER Five and eight. [laughter]

LOSER I'm glad — Governor, thank you so much.

WINNER My — my response to the young questioner is this The office is greater than the occupant. So whoever is elected — and I hope it's one of us — when we put our hand on the Bible, we will swear to uphold the laws of the land, but we will also swear to uphold the honor and the dignity of the office.

A president also brings an administration to Washington, D.C. The administration I'll bring is a group of men and women who are focused on what's best for America — honest men and women, decent men and women. Women who will see service to our country as a great privilege, and who will not stain the house.

MODERATOR Thank you very much.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Thank you.

The dignity of the office has been besmirched. The office will recover because it is greater than any single individual. Harry Truman and others showed that people with seemingly limited abilities could rise to the occasion and just not treat it as some play thing — political play thing.

So it will take deeds. It will also though, in a larger sense, mean a reappreciation of the Declaration of Independence with those immortal words penned by Thomas Jefferson, that we are indeed endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights. Among these, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

And one of the great tasks of the president is not just to have programs, but to create an environment where the American people can experience a spiritual and moral renewal. You can feel it beginning to happen in America.

And that's why the life issue is important. If you put liberty before life, that's a license to kill. We need to have life sanctified again in the American nation.

And then, other proposals like allowing you to choose your own schools, this is to give you...

MODERATOR Thanks, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER... power over your own lives, and to restore America.

MODERATOR Let me now introduce our second student. She is Jessie Clark of Ankeny. And she's also a student at Des Moines Area Community College.

Jessie, thanks for being with us today. Go ahead and ask your question.

Clark Thank you.

I've been watching the debates. And I've been hearing some candidates talking about increasing the federal role in state-funded education. And I'm very concerned about the government over-stepping it's constitutional bounds. And I was wondering how much power do you think the federal government should have over state education, within the frame of the Constitution, of course?

MODERATOR Thank you, Jessie.

Again, we will start with Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Thank you very much, Jessie. The more the federal government is involved in education, the greater an education crisis we will have.

The key to education renaissance in America — renewal — is to put parents not politics, in charge of our schools. One thing I will do as president is take that money from the Education Department, earmark it, block grant it back to states and municipalities, with the provision that parents have true choice in picking their schools.

The federal government should not be determining what test qualifies and what test doesn't. That's federal control of the curriculum. And we must also eliminate school-to-work and Goals 2000 and these other intrusions.

And I know with the American people having that true choice of choosing the school you think best for your child, we have the best grade schools and high schools in the world, bar none.

But if we wait for three years, if we try to have the federal government be a catalyst for reform, that's a formula for disaster. Trust the parents, not politics.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think it's absolutely critical that we put the control of our educational system back in the hands of our parents. In order to do that, though, we're going to have to overcome the arguments that those parents don't have the responsibility, don't have the concern, don't have the love, don't have the capacity to do the right thing. That's what Clinton and his liberal buddies are always saying. They play on our lack of moral confidence.

So, the first thing we have to do is restore our allegiance to those moral principles that restore that moral confidence on the basis of which we reclaim control of our schools. To symbolize that reclaimed control, my goal would be to abolish the Department of Education, and to make it clear that is primarily the leadership of the parents — not any level of government — that we have to rely on in this society.

When you have parents like a Jim Navarro and his wife willing to give their all for their children, don't we recognize that that heart has no substitute in government or bureaucracy. And it's that parent's heart that we should rely on to guarantee the effectiveness and quality of education.

So, let the money follow the choice of the parents not the choice of educrats, bureaucrats and politicians. That's what we need in education today.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER Choice and competition are the key to the future of the education in America. And if we don't keep that decisionmaking process at the state and local level then we'll just see a repetition of what we've seen in the past, which is a very unfortunate situation. Students in America rank at the bottom in the most important disciplines, such as physics, science and chemistry.

I believe that we should try charter schools all over America. In my state of Arizona, they are very popular.

I would take the gas and oil, ethanol and sugar subsidies and take that money and put it into a test voucher program over three years to be used in every poor school district in every state in America.

Governor Bush has a similar program. It's — I've forgotten the name of it. It's French for vouchers. But we — his takes the money out of existing education. I want to take the money out of the gas and oil and sugar and ethanol subsidies and other programs that don't benefit the taxpayer.

Choice and competition, that's the answer. And I think that we will be well served to use those as our principles.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER As I — I was undersecretary of education for Ronald Reagan for a number of years. And I was in charge of a $17 billion budget. And I had thousands of federal bureaucrats working for me, or so they claimed. And I can tell you first hand that the problem is Washington D.C.; it's not the answer.

Look, these bureaucrats were nice people. But they came to me with the dopiest ideas you've ever heard of in your life. [laughter]

They all thought they knew how to run the schools of Iowa and every other state better than the parents and teachers and school boards of those states do.

I will block grant the money. It was $17 billion then, it's $38 billion now. Only one dollar out of four gets to the classroom, to the pupils and to the teachers. This is outrageous.

I support vouchers, credits for all forms of education, including home schoolers. I think we can get the bureaucracy out of the way and begin to have some real good things happen in the classroom again, which is what every American, Republican or Democrat, wants. It's not a money problem; it's a will problem.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Governor Bush.

WINNER I'm not running for federal superintendent of schools, and I don't want to be the federal principle. I want to pass power back from Washington, D.C., to states. I've had a lot of experience when it comes to improving public education. It starts with trusting local people to make the right decisions for their schools.

I strongly believe in local control of schools and so I will work with the Congress to pass power back from Washington, D.C., in block grant form to states and local jurisdictions.

But when the federal government spends money like it does on the poorest of the poor, I'm going to ask this question, what are the results? We must ask school districts and states that accept federal money to develop on their own — not a federal test, but on their own — an accountability system.

We must measure. And we find success, we need to praise the teachers and principals who are working hard. But when we find failure, if we find our children trapped in failed schools, we must liberate their parents to make different choices, different options. In my judgment, in my view of America, there are no second-rate children in this country, and there are no second rate dreams. One size does not fit all in education.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER George, we don't need a test that the teachers can teach to, so that the kids make the test. Really, the federal government puts 7 percent of the money into education, and it requires 50 percent of the paperwork, that nobody reads — or virtually nobody reads.

The fact of the matter is that we have a wonderful system of government. Our founding fathers were much wiser than a lot of these people today, who are advocating for federal education programs.

Our founding fathers believed that we have 13 state laboratories — now 50 state laboratories — where we could compare back and forth, and determine which state is the best one, which one is the best laboratory. Can we learn from this state? Can we learn from that? That's the way you do it, with the families having the control.

Now let me just say this to you. I visited three schools in the last three days in this state — Osceola, I visited in Marion, and I visited in inner city Des Moines. You're doing a great job in Iowa. But two of those schools had a high percentage of kids in poverty. And we've got to help there. We've got to help with civil rights. We've got to help with a few other ways as well.

MODERATOR OK, thank you, Senator.

I know you've been eager to get back into the tax area — a hot issue in the last couple of weeks, particularly. And Bernard Hayes of Cedar Rapids is going to aim you just in that direction.

He wants to know what's so fair about married couples and families paying an additional tax of $1,400 a year.

Senator McCain.

LOSER It's not fair and that's why it's an integral part of the program that I have. In fact, not only does my proposal take care of the working mom, but also the nonworking mom.

But again, the crux of this issue is, do we want to give middle income and lower income Americans a much-needed tax break and also take care of the other obligations that we have made over the years?

We are staggering under a $5.6 trillion national debt. My friends, we can't lay that burden on future generations of Americans.

The Social Security trust fund is a ticking time bomb. We all know that at 2014 more money will be going out that coming in.

I want to take this surplus, put it into — 62 percent of it into Social Security, help Medicare, pay down the debt, and give Americans a tax break. And part of that will be paid for by eliminating a lot of this corporate welfare and wasteful spending.

I think that if we bank on these surpluses — George, three years ago people were saying there are going to be surpluses as far as — deficits as far as we can see. Now they're saying they will have surpluses as far as the eye can see. I'm not so sure.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think that as you listen to all these folks, you need to get a little aggravated with the fact that they're all going to give you something. And if you stand back and realize what it is, you will realize that it's your own money. [laughter]

And at some point — at some point you need to start asking yourself, I don't want them to give me this and give me that. Why won't they give you back control over your own money? Why won't they let us go back to the Constitution our founders wrote, which had a tax system based on tariffs, duties and excise taxes, sales taxes, that put the people themselves in charge of the incidents of taxation, so that you can decide that if you need a tax cut today, all you will need to do is change your habits of consumption.

LOSER You will be back in control of your own destiny. That is the tax approach that I recommend, radically different from what they're all talking about. They want to remain of the gatekeepers of your money. I want to put you back in charge of that money.

It's the only basis on which we can hope to regain that freedom that we're supposed to have as a people.

Abolish the income tax, return to the original Constitution of our country, and put the people of this country back in control of their own destiny.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Well, the $1,400 marriage penalty is outrageous. And it's outrageous for a lot of reasons, but one of them is there's not a politician in Washington that ever defends it. Everyone of them when they're home campaigning says they're against it.

Isn't it funny that every year we're still stuck with it? It never gets taken care of.

Tax reform is important, but let me tell you, ladies and gentlemen, that devil is in the details. Governor Bush's plan is sort of moving chairs around on the deck of the Titanic. There's not real reform there.

Mr. Forbes' plan sounds like real reform, but listen to some of these details. How would you like if you're a homeowner to lose your mortgage deduction. That's what Mr. Forbes plan does; it takes away your mortgage deduction.

If you're a pastor of a church or head of a non-profit group, have you looked at the details in Mr. Forbes' plan?

LOSER You lose the charitable deduction to your charity.

Now there's a great idea. Let's cut back government so that the private sector can pick it up, and then cut the legs out from underneath charities and churches. My flat tax is fair and pro-family.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER You know, if we cut — if we cut out the national debt, we'd save $300 billion a year. That'd more than take care of Social Security. The fact of the matter is, we're not knocking down the national debt.

I've got to say, I like all of the tax plans that have been given here. But I live with reality. They're now saying that the Democrats may very well take over the House. But even if they didn't and we have the same ratio today in the Senate and the House, there isn't one of these plans that's going to go through. The Democrats will fight it tooth and nail. And then the Senate will filibuster.

The fact of the matter is, we're going to have to have somebody who knows how to get a tax plan through. And I've got to tell you, I'm on the Senate Finance Committee and I know just exactly how it works. And it's horrendous. It's going to take somebody who basically will repeal the outrageous Clinton tax increases, who will double the family exemption, who will try to bring down marginal tax rates, who will make Social Security deductible so that the people who basically — that's their biggest tax, get some benefit there. And I could go on and on.

But it's going to take somebody with experience to get it done, not just a bunch of promises.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER We do need to push the line back on taxes and not accept ideas of just simply holding the line on taxes and going with the status quo of simply treating the code as if it's sacrosanct. We need to get rid of the code.

It is an abomination, an unnecessary weight on the American people. This way, we truly get rid of the marriage penalty. Unlike George Bush's proposal, this flat tax would help stay-at-home moms, not just those in the work force.

It would also help charitable giving in America, because it lets you keep more of what you earn. When the American people have more, they give more.

It encourages home ownership. Why? Because it lowers interest rates, allows you to keep more of what you earn, and, therefore, you have more to buy — with which to buy a house.

This code is only loved by those special interests in Washington, D.C. — 67,000 lobbyists — 100 for each member of Congress. You take away this code, and half of them are going to earn an honest living. And I will provide job retraining for them. [laughter and applause]

And thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER I'm the one person on this stage who has fought for and signed tax cuts. I signed the two largest tax cuts in my state's history. I have laid out a plan that is realistic, that is doable, that achieves a couple of the main objectives. One, to make sure our economy continues to grow. And that's why I cut the rates on all people who pay taxes.

I've got a plan that makes the code more fair. The marriage penalty's unfair. The death tax is unfair. The earnings test on Social Security is unfair.

I've got a plan that hears the call of people who live on the outskirts of poverty. I believe by cutting the bottom rate from 15 percent to 10 percent, we help people access the middle class.

I believe it's important to have a tax cut. I will tell you what's going to happen. If we leave money in Washington, D.C., the people are going to spend it on bigger government and on more programs.

I agree with the idea of trying to trim down budgets, John. But the best way to reduce the fat in Washington is to send money back to the people who pay the taxes. And that's exactly what I intend to do.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, 30 seconds on this.

LOSER George, you say that the money, if it remains in Washington, Congress will spend it. The president of the United States is not a hapless bystander. Just last fall, just last fall in November Congress passed one of the most obscene pieces of work that I've seen — a pork-laden bill that spent the entire $14 billion surplus. I fought against that bill. I voted against it. I railed against it. You said you supported it, and would have signed it. The president of the United States can force the Congress of the United States to spend less money. And if they won't, he can make them famous.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER If I made a deal with you that I was going to give you a preemptive claim to a certain percentage of my income, determined by you, how much of my money would you control?

WINNER All of it.

LOSER You're right. That's the principle of the income tax. Now, when I work, or you work, and somebody else controls 100 percent of the fruits of our labor, what do we call that? Slavery.

The simple logic of the income tax is that it's a slave tax. These gentlemen argue about whether the chains should be lighter, whether they should be heavier. I think it's time that as a tax-enslaved people, we rise up and make it clear, we want the chains off. Abolish the income tax and return to our original constitution of liberty.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Under my flat tax plan, American families make out well. You have your income at the top, you subtract the first $20,000. After that, you subtract your mortgage deduction, your charitable giving, and what's left, you only pay 16 cents on the dollar. This will be a major tax cut for working class families, and for the middle class.

What I do not do, is give a brand new tax write off to big corporations like Mr. Forbes does. He's going to claim that I'm hurting the farmer. The farmer will be fine under my plan. But I don't think big corporations should pay zero while you're paying 25 percent between the flat tax and the Social Security tax.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch.

LOSER I could be for any of these programs. The fact of the matter is, if you do a flat tax, it won't be three years until Congress will have it in the same convoluted mess we have today.

Governor Bush's approach basically doesn't do anything about ending the IRS as we know it.

John McCain's approach, by gosh, Al Gore and Bill Bradley, they really love it. But the Republicans don't and there's good reason for it. The fact of the matter is I think we could have gotten President Clinton to give a bigger tax cut than John McCain's tax cut is. But it's still better than nothing.

The fact of the matter is, is that Alan's right. We really need to change the IRS as we know it and change the whole system.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER We do indeed need to get rid of this tax code. We do indeed need to help small business people and farmers by allowing them to recover the cost of their tractor and their equipment, which my proposal would do.

But also, too, simply trying to cope with this code, as George Bush and John McCain would do, the timid tax cutters, is not going to get to the heart of the fundamental problem. And that is an abomination that no one understands.

And also, in Texas, George, your tax cuts are more apparent than real. Most tax — most Texans have never seen those tax cuts and the same thing is going to happen with your proposal on the federal level.

MODERATOR Governor.

WINNER Well, you know something, Steve, I — nearly 69 percent of the Texans said overwhelmingly in 1998, You're the man; we appreciate your tax cuts.

Not only are my tax cuts real, they've reduced the baseline of the budget. And that's why it's important to cut taxes. It's important to cut taxes to give — make sure the economy continues to grow. But John, it's also important to cut taxes to make sure that the federal budgets don't become bloated and don't grow.

Now I've got a good record. I'm the only one on this stage who's had a record endorsed by the people.

LOSER Well, George, six out of 10 districts in Texas never saw the tax cuts in 1999. In four out of 10 districts, the tax rate went up.

MODERATOR In 20 seconds governor.

LOSER In two our of 10, there was no change.

WINNER Steve, look...

LOSER That's good research.

WINNER Yes — it's not true.

LOSER Six out of 10. That's a — that's a Clinton tax cut. That's the kind he would like. Raise the tax and call it a tax cut.

WINNER Steve, look, the — Senator Dole actually wrote a pretty interesting advertisement in the Des Moines newspaper. He said, if you're going to talk about a man's record, tell the whole record. And I cut taxes. Our budget would have grown by $3 billion in the state of Texas. We cut taxes.

Ask the elderly person — ask the elderly person whose homestead exemption was raised by $10,000. Ask her whether or not that permanent tax cut isn't real. It may not be real in million dollar houses, but it's real if you've got a $40,000 house and you get a $10,000 homestead increase — that's a 25 percent cut. It's really real for a lot of folks who live in my state.

MODERATOR Let's move on to the next question, gentlemen. Thank you very much.

LOSER Six out of ten didn't get a choice.

MODERATOR This — this question's from David Clark of Carroll, Iowa. And he asked this — listen carefully, gentlemen. [laughter]

We have a little mini-debate over here. 

Here's the question. How do you post the Ten Commandments in schools without telling children who are not in the Judeao-Christian heritage that their form of religious expression is invalid?

Let's begin with Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I think that the key — there is nothing wrong with posting the Ten Commandments in our schools today because they are the basis of Western civilization.

And I also think when you look at what's happened in the last 40 years to the quality of life in this country, when prayer was barred from school, I think it's fitting and proper that we have voluntary prayer. But that's why I support true parental control of education, where parents can make those choices.

If you want to send your child to a parochial school; you should have the freedom to do so. And the government should not stand in your way. If you want to home school your child, you should be free to do so and not be — have the whole bureaucracy on your backs with truancy and junk like that to try to block you.

You should have that freedom. If you want your child in a secular school, go ahead. Freedom of choice for parents is absolutely critical.

And then, we'll have, I think, a more moral people, a better educated people and a stronger America.

MODERATOR OK, Senator Hatch.

LOSER My gosh, I believe that almost anybody would say if you read the Ten Commandments that that applies universally. You don't have to be a Christian to have it apply. It applies to Jewish people, it applies to everybody. Even the Muslims treat — treat Moses as a great prophet.

The fact of the matter is, is that we've been losing our moorings. And it started with Engel v. Vittale, when they did away with school prayer.

The fact is, if I had my way, I'd have a silent prayer reflection constitutional amendment that would give kids a moment of silent prayer reflection at the beginning of every school day, so they can at least think there might be somebody higher than they are.

I'd pass a flag amendment that would protect our flag from people urinating on it, defecating on it, tearing it and burning it with contempt.

I'll tell you this, I'd do a lot of things to get rid of the partial birth abortion procedure in our country. That has not justification at all. It's barbaric.

And I can tell you this there's nothing wrong with the Ten Commandments. We should not be so doggone sensitive. The founding fathers were concerned that they would develop a national church. That's what they were concerned about, not that we might have the best principles on earth...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER... shown to our kids.

MODERATOR OK, Senator McCain.

LOSER You know it's interesting that we begin our proceedings every day in the United States Senate with a prayer. Now, it doesn't have the beneficial effect that some desire, but it seems to be...[laughter]... but it seems to be acceptable for the United States Senate to do that.

Earlier last year, I had the opportunity to go with Bill Bennett to a charter school in Phoenix, Arizona. Low income children there. Some of them didn't speak Spanish when they first got there.

We walked into the third grade classroom. There on the teacher's desk was the Children's Book of Virtues. The teacher was teaching the virtue of the month — the importance to tell the truth. She was telling the students why is it important you tell the truth. What happens when you don't? What do your parents think?

I think the virtue of the month as exemplified in the Ten Commandments could be and should be taught in every school in America.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Well, frankly, the Ten Commandments are etched into the walls of the Supreme Court. I find it rather hard to believe that it could be inappropriate to fit them on the walls of our schools.

That illustrates the problem we have here a phony doctrine that's being foisted on us, pretending that somehow or another the federal government, through the courts, has the right to dictate uniformity of religion or irreligion. It's not true.

Through the 14th Amendment, some of these lawyers tried to pretend that the judges can do what the amendment explicitly forbids the Congress from doing dictating religious practices at the state and local level.

This whole approach is wrong. All of this should be left up to the choice of the people themselves, up to the choice of parents in their schools. It's part of the reason school choice is so important — so we not only have people in schools who pray, but schools in the hands of people who pray by their own choice and so without the need to fear or give into any form of government domination. That's the way we should go.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

WINNER Well, it seems like to me thou shalt not kill is pretty universal. I think districts ought to be allowed to post the Ten Commandments no matter what a person's religion is there's some inherent values in those great commandments that would make our society a better place for everybody.

I also believe our schools ought to expand character education. I think it's a good for the federal government to encourage school districts through joint venture money to have character education that teaches children right from wrong, good from bad, the basic values of life.

I also believe our after-school programs ought to be opened to faith-based programs, programs of good heart and good will that will say to our children, "We care for you a lot, but want you to know, in order to access the American dream, there are right decisions to make in life and there are wrong decisions to make in life."

That's what I've done in the state of Texas, and that's what I intend to do as president.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. We've got time for one question.

LOSER Wait a minute, I didn't get to...

MODERATOR Oh, I'm sorry...

LOSER Nice try though. [laughter]

You know out at Columbine High School where the terrible shootings took place, Eric and Dylan, the killers, were coming to school every day and they were giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. Nobody said anything to them. Nobody called their parents in for a little parent teacher conference. Nobody took them to the principal's office.

But if a teacher at Columbine High School had hung up the Ten Commandments in her classroom, she would have been in the principal's office the same day. She would have been told take them down or lose your job.

We've got things upside down in this country, my friends.

The other day in New Jersey, they voted down a requirement to begin the school day with the reading of the key words of the Declaration of Independence, where it says "all men are created equal, endowed by their creator with certain rights." The legislators said it sounded too much like a prayer.

When I'm president, there will be no more Nazi salutes in the schools, and it will be OK to hang the Ten Commandments up again, not only there but in the Oval Office.

MODERATOR Thank you very much. And I'm sorry about...

LOSER That's OK; thank you.

MODERATOR We have time for one more question, but we will just to have quick answers of 30 seconds each.

This is from Burt Miller of Mount Pleasant and he asks, "Do you think tougher laws are needed to protect our environment?"

Governor Bush.

WINNER I think we ought to have high standards set by agencies that rely upon science, not by what may feel good or what sounds good.

And I think it's important to give people time to say we're going to conform to standards. And if they don't, I think we ought to fine them. I mean, I think we ought to be tough when it comes to our environmental laws.

But I don't — I don't believe that this administration's got a right when it comes to the environment. They try to sue our way to clean air and clean water or regulate our way to clean air and clean water. I think we need to lead our way by bringing stakeholders to the table and rely upon the new technologies that are coming so that we can have clean air and clean water.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Well, clearly, we all want a better quality of life, cleaner air, purer water and the like. The technology is there to do it. Unfortunately this administration's been wasting considerable resources on junk science, using resources for unproductive uses. They also go for these fashionable things that have no real proof in science, lasting proof, such as global warming. Trying — they know that the Kyoto treaty could never be approved by the Senate, so they're trying to do it by regulatory decree.

Take a practical approach. Toxic waste dumps, for example, just get rid of them.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Don't let the lawyers get involved. Sixty percent of our money on toxic waste dumps go for lawyers. Cut them out, get the job done.

MODERATOR OK. Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Well, this issue, like so many, require balancing. None of us want polluted water or polluted air. We also don't want out-of-control federal regulators that don't care about people's jobs or who see the American people as the enemy. Want to keep us out of the national parks, want to keep us out of recreation areas.

I'm a conservationist in the tradition of Teddy Roosevelt. I believe the resources are there to be used by the American people. But I believe they need to be used in a way so that my children and grandchildren will also be able to enjoy them in the future.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch.

LOSER We're spending billions of dollars on lawyers with false science and a lot of other things that just aren't working because the federal government's documenting.

The first day in office I will get rid of the Kyoto accords that could add $3,000 to everybody's fuel bill in America, plus making us uncompetitive.

But most importantly, if I'm president I'm not going to misuse the office of the president with executive orders that set aside huge, huge, vast lands without consulting with Congress and without consulting with the people in those particular states.

MODERATOR Thanks, Senator.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I think we need tough law enforcement, particularly on point-source polluters and people like this who are disregarding environmental decency. But we not only need to be tougher, we need to be smarter. After all, take the preservation of species, for instance. Is there any shortage of chickens in the world? Why not?

I'll tell you why not, because we eat them — that's why. Because there is a use for them. Because somebody has a major interest in making sure they survive.

You can harness self-interest. You can harness the enlightened interests of our people in ways that will serve the environment — the way the people at the Competitive Enterprise tell us we can do.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER That smarter approach is what we need if we really care.

MODERATOR Thank you, Ambassador.

Senator McCain.

LOSER I believe we have to examine all the Internet — all the environmental laws — that are on the books today. They're long overdue for reauthorization and reexamination. And that would have to be one of the top priorities of a new administration.

But I want to talk just for a minute. Theodore Roosevelt was my hero and is to this day. He was responsible for the national parks system, the crown jewels of America. They are $6 billion underfunded. They're under enormous strain. We've got to figure out ways to preserve our great national park system. And that must be — must be a top priority.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

We're going to have to trim the closing remarks and keep them very brief to just 30 seconds.

I apologize for that, but we're running out of time.

Governor Bush.

WINNER Well, I want to thank Senator Grassley, the four Congressmen, former Congressman Branstad — former Governor Branstad — for helping me in this campaign. I'm asking for your vote. I've got a message that's positive and hopeful. I'll work hard to unite our party so we can go to victory. And I'll work hard to unite our country so that we can achieve great things.

On January the 24th, the people of this good state are going to be able to send the first message to America. If you're for me, I want to thank you. And I urge you to go to your caucuses a week from Monday night.

Thank you very much, and God bless.

MODERATOR Thank you Governor.

Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Well, thank you all very, much. I'm an independent outsider. I see, like you, great possibilities for America — what Abraham Lincoln called a "new birth of freedom." Whether it's the freedom to be born, freedom from fear of the IRS, freedom to choose your own schools, freedom to choose your own doctors, freedom to be in charge of your own health care, freedom to be safe and secure in this world, which means building up, not running down, our military.

But politics as usual is not going to achieve these goals. It is going to take a strong independent outsider to do it. That's why I need your help. Together we can make history. Thank you.

MODERATOR Thanks, Mr. Forbes.

Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER You know, I know I'm supposed to address you vox populi, vox dei, as if you all are God. But I would like to ask you, instead, to join me in a very brief prayer to the creator whom our founders acknowledged to be our true God.

Dear Lord, our God, give us the wisdom and the sense of humility that we will return to those principles which will acknowledge your authority as the source of our rights and our liberties. And that guided by that sense of humility, we will go into the voting booth, not to do what is best for ourselves, but to do, Lord our God, what is best for our country.

MODERATOR Thank you Ambassador.

Senator McCain.

LOSER I want to thank all of you for being here. I've enjoyed, as usual, these debates. They've been remarkable.

I'm committed to the concept of reform. I want to get the special interests out of Washington and give the government back to you. I want to reform the tax code, the military, education. I can't do that unless we get the money and the special interests out of Washington, D.C.

I want to pay down the debt. I want to save Social Security. I think those are important issues as we go through this campaign. But most of all, I want to inspire a generation of Americans to commit themselves...

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER... to causes greater than their self-interest.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Ladies and gentlemen, I know how average people live. I'm the son of a janitor. I'm not going to forget who I grew up with. I've got the experience that's necessary in Washington. I ran a $17 billion budget. I was Ronald Reagan's chief domestic policy adviser.

I will defend your values. I'll end abortion on demand and preserve marriages being between one man and one woman. I'll lower taxes and preserve Social Security. And I will have a policy towards China that is firm, like the policy that Ronald Reagan taught us when he brought the Soviet Union down.

I want your vote on caucus night. I want to be your president. Thank you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

Senator Hatch.

LOSER I'm really concerned about beating Al Gore and Bill Bradley. They are far left. The next president is going to appoint the other 50 percent of the federal judiciary and up to five Supreme Court justices. I'd like to be that person. I'd do a good job.

Elaine and I came up the hard way. Everything we have, we've earned. She was a farm girl from northern Utah. I was a janitor in college. [laughter]

And I learned a trade, a skilled trade. I worked my way through every step of the way. And let me tell you something, I have the experience to beat Bill Bradley and Al Gore.

And that's what's going to count here in the end. And we've got to beat them.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

That concludes our Republican presidential debate. We certainly appreciate all of the candidates for being with us today. It's been a wonderful experience for us, and I hope for all of you as well.

I'd like to thank the staff of Iowa Public Television for their efforts in broadcasting this event. And I'd like to thank my colleagues at the Des Moines Register for their hard work in doing all of the many things necessary to make such an event like this happen.

Make sure to mark January 24th in your calendars and participate in your party's precinct caucuses. Goodbye. 


Russert Good evening and welcome. First, let's meet the candidates Gary Bauer, John McCain, George W. Bush, Steve Forbes, Alan Keyes and Orrin Hatch. Gentlemen, welcome all. 

And our panelists tonight, from Wood TV-8, Suzanne Geha and Rick Albin. Welcome both. 

There will be three segments tonight. The first, the journalists will ask the candidates questions. The second, the candidates will ask each other questions. And the third, we have questions from the students of Calvin College.

The first question is for Governor Bush. Governor Bush, Steve Forbes has an ad running on television right now which says the following "There's something you need to know about George W. Bush. In 1994, he signed a pledge with my organization that he would not support sales tax or business tax increases. In 1997, he broke his pledge. He proposed an increase in the business tax and sales tax."

And they provide the documentation with your signature. Is that in fact an accurate statement?

WINNER What is accurate is that I led my state, in 1997, to the largest tax cut in Texas history. The truth is that I laid out a plan that cut a billion dollars of property taxes.

WINNER I brought Republicans together with Democrats. And I signed that tax cut.

I then took that record to the people of the state of Texas in the course of the 1998 campaign. In my state, no governor had ever been elected to back-to-back four-year terms. I campaigned on my record. Nearly 70 percent of the Texas voters confirmed that record; 50 percent of the Hispanic population supported me; nearly 30 percent of the African-American community supported me. The people of Texas looked at my record and said, We want him to be the governor again.

And in the 1999 legislative session I proposed and was able to enact and sign the largest tax cut in our state's history, replacing the $1 billion record with nearly $2 billion of tax cuts.

I am a tax-cutting person, I know how to get it done. I have laid out a plan that is going to cut the rates on everybody in America, a plan that is conservative and a plan that is compassionate.

Russert I'd like to give Mr. Forbes the same question.

You put the ad on the air. Is it accurate? Why is it accurate? And should you have also mentioned that Governor Bush decreased taxes, as well as proposing this business and sales tax, if that's the case?

LOSER As you noticed from the answer, there was a lot of hedging about this pledge. The pledge was made in 1994. I have a copy of it here, signed by Governor Bush, promising not to raise the sales tax or to propose any kind of income tax.

LOSER Clearly when he proposed this bill in 1997, it did have provisions in there for tax increases, including increasing the sales tax. So MaryMODERATOR, the head of that anti-tax group in Texas, is right. She stands by her statement and we stand by her.

Pledges should not be lightly made. And a pledge is a promise. And a promise made should be a promise kept. And a pledge should not be used as a trinket to win the election.

And your own David Bloom, Friday night, reported — he said that the governor's own staff admits that he broke the pledge. In fact it was the state Republicans, in the state senate in Texas, that threw this proposal out and put in a simplified bill in its place.

So the ad is accurate. And I think that's what makes American people cynical about politics; pledges are made and then quickly forgotten after the election.

And as for the 1998 election, given your opposition and given that you're a good guy, I supported you. I would have voted for you, too. But you did break that pledge.

Russert Governor Bush, response.

WINNER I think a couple of things. I think one, one thing that makes the American people cynical is negative advertisement on TV. That's one thing that causes people to turn away from politics.

And the other thing is is that those of you who follow politics need to look at the results. That's what's important. What were the results?

And the results are, people from all walks of life received a substantial tax cut under me as the governor of the state of Texas. And they will do so if I become the president of the United States as well.

Russert Suzanne Geha has the next question.

Geha Senator McCain, you have attacked Governor Bush's tax plan. You have said that 60 percent of his tax cut will go to the very wealthy among us.

On "Meet the Press" yesterday — I happened to be watching — I know Tim Russert's going to pay me at the end of the program for plugging that — but your chief supporter, Representative Lindsay Graham, agreed that you are playing a class warfare game; that you are pitting rich against poor, something the Republican Party does not like to do.

Do you acknowledge that is what you're doing? Are you going to rethink your strategy, or are you going to continue this line of attack?

LOSER I have never engaged in class warfare. I'm very much in favor of tax cuts for middle-income and lower-income Americans.

I'm deeply concerned about a kind of class warfare that's going on right now. It's unfortunate. There's a growing gap between the haves and the have-nots in America. And that gap is growing, and it's unfortunately divided up along ethnic lines.

I feel very strongly that we ought to have middle-income and lower-income taxes, and we'll be getting into it, I'm sure, later in this program. Mine are basically comparable to Governor Bush's — in some cases, far better.

But I'm not sure we need to give two-thirds of that tax cut — of that money — to the wealthiest 10 percent of America, and that's what Tax Notes, a well-respected tax journal, says is the case this morning.

But more importantly, there's a fundamental difference here. I believe we must save Social Security, we must pay down the debt, we have to make an investment in Medicare. For us to put all of the tax cuts — all of the surplus into tax cuts, I think is not a conservative effort.

LOSER I think it's a mistake. I think we should put that money into allowing Americans to be sure that their Social Security System will be there when they retire; that Medicare is helped; and most of all, let's pay down that $5.6 trillion debt we've laid on future generations of Americans.

Russert Rick Albin has the next question. I feel as if, maybe, we ought to pause for a second; do you want to do that?

WINNER Well, the only reason I ask is that he was talking about my plan, and I'd like a chance...

Russert Take 30 seconds for rebuttal.

WINNER Thank you. I believe everybody ought to get a tax cut. I believe it's important to cut the top rates. I think it's important to drop the 39.6 to 33 percent. I also know it's important to make sure people who are on the outskirts of poverty get a tax cut as well. And my plan does both.

I have a plan that takes $2 trillion over the next 10 years and dedicates it to Social Security. My plan has been called risky by voices out of Washington. In my judgment, what's risky is to leave a lot of unspent money in Washington, because guess what's going to happen? It's going to be spent on bigger federal governments.

Russert Senator McCain, a rebuttal?

LOSER Sure. Two quick points Your tax plan over the next five years not only spends all of the surplus, it spends $20 billion in addition to that. I'm sure we'll have that figured out. But this idea that somehow, if the money is left in order to salvage the Social Security for America and Medicare and the debt — that — you don't understand the role of the president of the United States. The president of the United States will veto bills — will veto bills that spend too much.

This present president is vetoing bills that don't spend enough and are forcing Congress to spend more. I'll veto bills that force Congress to spend less. That's what being president of the United States is all about.

Russert Rick Albin has the next question.

Albin Senator Hatch, in west Michigan, recently, at least two public libraries have wrestled with the idea of Internet filtering. That is, computers that can be used by the public in their libraries and should they be filtered to keep what some would think are pornographic sites off those computers.

The question is, should those computers be filtered, or is that an infringement on First Amendment free speech rights?

LOSER I don't think it's ever an infringement to stop pornography, obscenity and other type of trash and prevent it from our children. We have different standards for children than we do for adults. And what we're trying to do is protect children, not adults. And I have to say that I don't think that's a problem.

But let me just — and I'm for filtering technology, certainly the V-chip and other approaches to help parents be able to get on top of this for their children.

But let me go to this tax thing since I think it's important for all of us. Look — look...[laughter]

There isn't — there isn't one of us up here who isn't going and reduce taxes. There are some of us — in fact, I think you can look at me for an example — who really played a major role in reducing marginal tax rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986. I'm not just talking about, I helped do it. I was one of those who carried that message to President Reagan, and he carried that message against all of Washington.

The problem is is that — and I agree with Governor Bush. He's setting aside two-thirds of this projected surplus for Social Security.

LOSER But he's making a very good point. That is you leave this money in Washington, I guarantee you those guys'll spend it. And I guarantee it'll be both Republicans and Democrats, although less Republicans, naturally. [laughter]

Albin Mr. Bauer, before you start talking about taxes, would you tell me how you feel about Internet filtering? Let me expand it for a moment, because the senator mentioned adults.

LOSER Sure.

Albin In these cases, presumably, the filter would also apply to adults because they are on all of the computers. Should adults be filtered as well?

LOSER You know, I have strong feelings on taxes. [laughter] And — but I'm going to resist the temptation to take apart Governor Bush and Steve Forbes' tax plan and explain my own. We'll do that a little later.

LOSER You going to leave mine out?

LOSER I am. Because I still haven't yet read yours, John.

Look, I actually think the question you're asking, at the end of the day, may be more important than our tax plans. Now all of us in the Republican Party do want to lower taxes. That battle has pretty much been won in the Republican Party.

What I don't think has been won in the Republican Party is whether we are going to defend traditional conservative values. That's where we overwhelmingly get our vote. Overwhelmingly the people that will put one of us back in the White House will do so because they believe in conservative traditional values.

Of course we ought to take pornography off the stage of this country, whether it's children or adults. It exploits women. It exploits children. And I would say to my party, it better find it's voice on things like this, and in opposition to same-sex marriage, and in defense of the sanctity of life, or it won't matter how much we want to cut taxes because the country cannot survive another 10 years of the values meltdown it's in right now. 

Albin Ambassador Keyes, I'd like to give you a shot at it, but I would once again like to reframe it in free speech terms. Do people have the right, presumably under the First Amendment, and should they be kept from that right on these computers?

LOSER Actually I don't think it's a free speech issue in this case. It's an issue of public decency. And anyplace you let our children into ought to be subject to standards of public decency that make it clear that they are not going to be polluted with garbage. Don't use the First Amendment. That's some excuse to destroy our children's lives and souls.

It doesn't have to be, because obviously you set up a straw man — be easy as pie, wouldn't it, to put a few computers off in a room you don't let children in and let adults have access to them. You can solve the problems if you want to. The libraries right now are egregiously ignoring their responsibility to our kids, trying to claim free speech rights.

I've got to tell you something. My kids don't have the right to free speech and they don't need to have it until they grow older. 

Second — but I'd also like to address quickly this tax question. [laughter]

Wait a minute. No, listen now. This is a phony issue. You stand here listening to these folks being the gatekeepers of your money, telling you how much they're going to let you keep, and you don't feel humiliated — and you ought to. The problem is not the tax rate and it's not funny.

LOSER We have given away control of our money. We have sacrificed one of the key elements of our liberty, and it will stay sacrificed as long as we have any form of income tax at the federal level. It should be abolished. 

Russert The next question is for Senator McCain. Senator, last month an Indian airline was hijacked — 155 passengers taken hostage. The Indian government negotiated for the release of those hostages, and allowed the five hijackers — plus released three terrorists who had been in prison — and allowed them to go free.

If an American airline was hijacked, would you ever negotiate with the hijackers and allow the release of people who are currently in prison in order to save the American lives?

LOSER I would not.

Russert Never?

LOSER Never. Next question. 

By the way...

I would like — I would like...

Russert Let me — let me continue the scenario that has in fact played out...

LOSER Sure.

Russert... that we learned in Lebanon. If the hijackers began to shoot the American passengers one by one, you would continue to refuse to negotiate?

LOSER I would, but I am very confident that I could have taken several measures that were not taken.

I think that, if you want to look at this particular situation, it's fraught with more ramifications than just the hijacking.

One, they landed in Afghanistan, a friendly government, the Taliban, to the country of Pakistan, arousing suspicions as far as cooperation between Pakistan and the Afghans, because it stopped to refuel on the way, where it should have not been allowed to take off again. I'd have made sure that it didn't take off again and not reach its final destination.

Russert How?

LOSER Because I would have had my people there tracking the flight when it was on the various legs and prevented it from taking off by shooting out the tires once it was on the ground. I would have had a galvanized American forces in that area...

Russert A commando operation?

LOSER Absolute — well, first of all, I'd have had my air forces flying wing on that thing as soon as it landed. It would not have taken off again and it would not have reached Afghanistan.

The second thing that's important about this issue, even though perhaps you don't imply it, is that this is growing closer and closer to a flashpoint between two countries that have developed nuclear weapons and that are growing closer and closer to a brinksmanship situation which then is in our vital national security interest. And it is in our interest to make — to do everything in our power to see that there's some settlement of the Kashmir problem, because that's the genesis of most of these difficulties that exist between those two countries.

Russert Suzanne Geha please.

Geha Governor Bush, I'd like to ask you that same question Would you be as emphatic as Senator McCain? Would you ever trade hostages for prisoners?

WINNER No, I agree with John McCain, he had the absolute right answer. The president of the United States should not negotiate with terrorists any way, shape or form. He gave a good answer.

Geha I would like to ask you this question. Governor Bush, Atlanta Braves pitcher John Rocker gave a venomous interview to "Sports Illustrated" recently spewing hatred towards gays, blacks, single mothers and foreigners.

Geha As a former owner of a baseball team, the Texas Rangers, and as a candidate for president, would you defend Rocker's right to say whatever he wanted short of making a threat, or would you support and require him to undergo psychological testing? Would you call for his firing or demotion?

WINNER I thought for a minute you were going to bring up the Sosa trade. [laughter]

Geha I heard that was your one big regret.

Russert For the record, Governor, Harold Baines said it was a good trade, and that's why you got out of the business. [laughter]

WINNER I was — I appreciated Harold Baines' kind gesture.

Russert John Rocker.

WINNER Listen, I think it's a free — this is a case of a player needs help. And I appreciate the fact that the Atlanta Braves are getting him counseling. But this is a world of — in athletics, this is a world of some young men who make a lot of money who don't — who aren't responsible for their behavior.

What I'd like to do, as the president of the United States, is usher in the responsibility era, so that each American, whether you be a baseball player or a — anything, wear the uniform of the United States, are responsible for the actions you take in life; that each of us must understand with certainty that we are responsible for the decisions we make.

And it starts, by the way, with having a president who behaves responsibly in the Oval Office. 

Geha Governor Bush?

WINNER Yes.

Geha Do you think that it is fair to order someone to undergo psychological testing if that individual says something that is so offensive?

WINNER I think in this case it made sense to do so, and I appreciate what the Atlanta Braves have decided to do. I appreciate that.

Geha Now, a Harvard professor today came out with...

WINNER Consider the source. [laughter]

Russert Your alma mater.

WINNER If they had said — if she had said a Calvin professor, I'd have been listening. [laughter and applause]

Geha This Harvard professor came out today — Paul Weiler I believe is the way you pronounce his name — and he said freedom of speech does not apply in the private sector. If he had been playing for a state university and he had said that, then his right would have been protected. Do you agree with that?

WINNER Look, I think — I think that — I don't know the particulars about this particular person. I think the Braves made the right decision, though. I mean, they know the man better than you and I do. The fellow said some incredibly offensive things. He is a public person. And I appreciate them trying to get the man help.

I understand in America we can say what we want to say, but that doesn't mean that if the man needs help, he shouldn't get it. And I appreciate their efforts to provide psychological counseling for him.

Russert Rick Albin.

LOSER And perhaps they should have psychological counseling for some team owners as well — some of their statements they've made about religion in America.

Albin Ambassador Keyes, let's turn our attention now to the 6-year-old Cuban boy, Elian Gonzalez. The INS says that he should go back to Cuba to be with his father. Today, a local judge in Miami said that she would keep him here until a hearing could be held March 6th. Senator Burton issued a congressional subpoena to do that very same thing — to let it work its way through the courts.

My question is to you — any number of questions — one, should Representative Burton have gotten involved in this? Should the courts get involved with this? Is the INS the final authority? And should this young boy go home?

LOSER Well, I think, first of all, the courts and the rest of us should certainly be involved in this. If somebody has come seeking sanctuary and freedom in America, I think whether we like it or not the heart of the American people is going to be with somebody who is seeking the freedom and opportunity we have in this country, coming out of the shadow of one of the worst tyrannies on the face of the earth.

But as I've always said, I think we have to address this issue not as if it's just some political football, we're talking about human beings, we're talking about a young boy, we're talking about a father. And I think we have to respect that father's will and that father's heart if we can determine what it is.

But the problem here, of course, is if you're living under the shadow of tyranny, how do I know that what you're saying today is actually what you really mean? Not what you're being forced to say by one of the worst tyrants that has ever existed on the face of the earth.

And that's why I said the other day what I say now I think that boy should stay in freedom until his father can make an assured decision in freedom. When we are sure of that, then I think it is our obligation to respect those family ties.

But I'll tell you something. I would be willing — I'm not a betting man, but I'm willing to wager that if Castro lets him out, he's not going to be too — altogether too anxious to go back. And that way the whole family can stay in freedom in America. 

Albin Mr. Forbes. Mr. Forbes, the same question to you, and should the INS ruling be overturned?

LOSER I think Alan put it very well. Unfortunately, this administration, I think, put some pressure initially on the INS and wanted this boy to become Bill Clinton's human sacrifice to Fidel Castro. Clinton wants better relations with Cuba, i.e. Castro. But Castro is a tyrant. And to send this boy back under those circumstances would be a stain on America, a stain on our values and principles.

We would no more send a child back to Hitler's Germany or Stalin's Russia than we should Castro's Cuba. It is wrong — profoundly wrong — and I hope the courts make the right decision, and that father should be allowed to go outside of Cuba and make the decision in a non-coercive atmosphere.

And let me just — since I have 30 seconds left and can't let it go — let me just say, on the tax issue...[laughter]... that what saved my good friend George Bush in 1997 — the original bill was so convoluted, a lot of Republicans — not only did it break a pledge, but most of those Republicans in the state legislature thought at the end of the day it actually might have amounted to a tax increase. So they threw it out, and saved him from his own folly, and put in a new bill.

Albin Senator Hatch, I'm going to continue — without taxes — with Elian Gonzalez. Goes home, addresses the INS, or goes to the courts?

LOSER Well, let me just say this to you. I have always taken the position of somebody who's been in court, who has fought for children. I've fought for children the whole time I've been in the Congress. I passed the Child Care Development Block Grant that one party tried to pass for 20 years. Just learned today that the Child Health Insurance Program bill that I put through — I didn't have — I only had one governor support me — not even my own governor. Had very few members of Congress. The president, we asked to support — he didn't.

Today, every governor in this country claims that's his or her bill. George Pataki told me it was the greatest piece of legislation he'd ever seen, which shows the relationship between the federal government and the states.

So I have kind of a reputation in working with children, besides having six children ourselves, and 19 grandchildren.

There's one issue — and that's what is in the best interest of this boy?

That's the issue. And the INS should not be making that decision.

Senator Smith was down there this last weekend, and he called me before he went to see the boy. He was invited by the family. He said, What should I do? I gave him all kinds of questions. He asked them. He came out. The boy wants to stay here. I think Congressman Burton did the right thing to send that subpoena because that allows the young man to stay here.

I am sending a letter today, as a result of Senator Smith's conversations, suggesting to the INS that they better not let this boy go until we find out what is in the best interest of the child. And with regard to the father, he's married. He has a family over there. If Castro allows him to come here, he's not going to allow that whole family to come. And if that whole family doesn't come, it's very unlikely that that father is going to stay here.

Now all I'm saying is let's do what's right in the best interest of the child. And if we all have more interest in children around this country, we wouldn't have nearly the problems we have today.

Albin Given the scope of this, Mr. Bauer, I'd like for you to weigh in on this, too. Does the father's right supersede what we might perceive as some type of unfit environment for this child?

LOSER No, absolutely not. Look, this child had a loving mother. That mother died getting this child to this country. She knew that her child needed liberty and freedom — the freedom to worship, the freedom to grow up and make his own decisions about the kind of job he would get, the kind of family he would have, what he would teach his own children about God.

It would be an incredible blight on this country, for this shining city on a hill, as the founding fathers called us, to turn that child back to the clutches of Fidel Castro.

LOSER You know, think about the president that we've got — that we've even gotten to the point where there's a chance this child might go back. Just a few weeks ago, this administration released Puerto Rican terrorists from prison so that the president could help his wife get elected to the Senate in New York. The whole weight of the federal government went to allowing these terrorists back out on the street. And now the whole weight of the federal government is arrayed against this little boy seeking liberty. It is a matter of shame, and if this president knows what shame is, he will not send that boy back. 

Albin Moving on to Senator McCain — before I do this, I should point out that you, Mr. Bauer, referred to this president. I'd like to refer to another president — one that we're pretty fond of, former President Gerald R. Ford, from Grand Rapids...

LOSER Actually, I was a Reagan man.

Albin... and who said...[laughter]... my condolences — I...[laughter]

LOSER Sir, you've already told us everything we need to know about you tonight. [laughter]

Albin The question, Senator McCain, is that former President Reagan said — I'm sorry — former President Ford said you've got to call them like you see them, and he supports President Clinton's effort not to interfere with the INS. What do you think?

LOSER My colleagues have spoken very eloquently on this issue, except to remind you again in New York harbor there's a statue and the inscription on it says "Send me your poor, your tired, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free."

That boy's mother gave her life so that he could breathe free. And as all my colleagues said Let the father come to the U.S. of A and stay a few days — trip to Disney World — and enjoy — seriously enjoy freedom, that boy would never go back and neither would his father.

Let me just make one additional comment, because I think we passed over it with our focus on taxes, which I am focused on. But this pornography thing — my friends, it is a problem, it's a problem over the Internet, it's a problem in our schools and libraries.

We are wiring every school and library in America to the Internet at taxpayers' expense. It's a great and wonderful thing. We should have every school and library in America acquire filtering software and use that software to filter out a lot of this garbage that is having such a terrible effect on our young children, and that should be done according to community standards. The same way a library board filters out offensive printed material, they should filter out this offensive material.

There are too many cases of children watching pornography and acting in a way which is shameful to all of us. This is a very important issue and deserves more discussion on the part not only of us, but every family, including my own.

Albin Governor Bush, I think you want to weigh in on this question, so if you want to, and then I will start the next round.

WINNER I do. I agree with my colleagues that the man ought to be brought to the United States, given a whiff of freedom, so he can see how wonderful our country is.

I want to say something about Cuba in our hemisphere. There's some folks in our country who believe we ought to trade with Cuba. I don't. I think that would be wrongheaded. I think it'd be a mistake.

Capital that goes into Cuba will be used by the Fidel Castro government to prop itself up. There is a commission-type system in Cuba. Dollars invested will be dollars that will end up supporting this totalitarian regime. It's in our best interests for us to promote freedom in the island right off the coast of Florida. It's in our best interest to keep the pressure on Fidel Castro, until he allows free elections, free press and free the prisoners in that island.

And for those Americans who believe that trade with Cuba will cause Castro to become less totalitarian, in my judgment, are naive and wrong.

LOSER Governor, you just made the case for withdrawing Most Favored Nation status from China.

WINNER I did not.

LOSER Everything that you just said about Cuba applies to China. 

WINNER Let me answer that. Let me answer that.

Russert The difference between China and Cuba.

WINNER May I answer that please?

Russert Please.

WINNER There is a huge difference, a huge difference between trading with an entrepreneurial class, like that which is growing in China, and allowing a Fidel Castro government to skim capital moneys off the top of capital investment.

WINNER There's a huge difference.  Wait a minute...

LOSER Governor, one-third of the trade with China is with companies controlled by the People's Liberation Army.

WINNER Gary...

LOSER You know that and I know that. Tell the people rotting in the prisons of China...[laughter]... that there's any difference between Castro's Cuba and communist China. There is none.

WINNER Let me say this If we turn our back on the entrepreneurial class that has taken wing in China, we're making a huge mistake. If we turn our back on those that have gotten a whiff of freedom, as a result of the marketplace taking hold, we're making a big mistake.  We're making a big mistake — we're making a big...

LOSER So trade with the People's Liberation Army is OK.

WINNER No, it's not.  I'm talking about the entrepreneurial class that is growing in the country of China.

LOSER Sir, they are using that money...

Russert All right. Mister...

LOSER... for a massive arms build-up that our sons will have to deal with down the road. You can't be tough...

WINNER Only if you're the president...

LOSER You can't be tough on China...

WINNER If I'm the president, I promise you...

Russert Mr. Bauer, Mr. Bauer, Mr. Bush...

LOSER You can't be tough on China...

Russert Let me move to another area that the candidates have discussed in the past, and with a local — if you will — input.

The state of Michigan collects $7 billion a year from a sales tax on goods purchased in the state. Because of the number of people in Michigan now buying from the Internet, there's been a loss in state revenues approaching $200 to $300 million.

With that in mind, Mr. Forbes, are you prepared, as more and more people buy on the Internet, to allow Michigan to lose more and more sales tax revenue, when in fact two-thirds of that revenue goes directly to education in this state?

LOSER I think, Tim, the way you phrased the question shows what's wrong with politics today. And that is the assumption that when something happens, if somebody gains, somebody loses.

The Internet overall is stimulating commerce. It's allowing people who may not have time to buy things quickly and easily. And what does that mean? It means you need a warehouse to store the goods. It means you need more trucks and drivers to deliver the goods. That means more salaries, more jobs. It is a net wealth creator.

But in Washington and in Lansing and elsewhere, they have this mentality that if it's out there, it's growing, by golly, they've got to get their claws and hooks into it. It's not right, but it's typical of that mentality.

It's no coincidence that the boom in startups and dot-coms came when Congress put a three-year moratorium on in October of 1998. And the boom in e-commerce allowed to flourish and boomed after that moratorium was put on.

Don't kill it with taxes. It creates wealth, Tim, it doesn't destroy it.

Russert The state government in Michigan has sent a form to taxpayers throughout the state which asks them to itemize all the items they have purchased on the Internet and to voluntarily pay the six percent tax. Should taxpayers in Michigan comply with that law?

LOSER I think the court decisions have been very clear from the Supreme Court. If you're a seller and you don't have a physical presence in the state, then the buyer doesn't — isn't eligible to pay the sales tax.

And the rules that apply to catalog sales, the rules that apply to sales over the phone, should apply to the Internet. No more, no less.

This is a wealth creator. The state of Michigan, the municipalities in America will be collecting a lot of money because of the Internet. Far more than what they might lose because of they think they might lose something on the state tax.

Russert So consumers should break the law in Michigan by not paying six percent...

LOSER I don't know what — Tim, I don't know what Michigan law is. But I do know that no state has tried yet to have a police state of making you itemize everything you buy over the phone or over the catalogs.

Then you'd have a real revolution, and it wouldn't just be in Boston, it would be around all over America.

Russert Suzanne has the next question.

LOSER Taxes are too high in America. Instead of always trying to figure out ways to raise them, how about curbing them across the board?

Geha Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

I'll address this to Mr. Bauer. Just today, talks ended in West Virginia between two arch-rivals, Israel and Syria, without an agreement being reached. As president, where would peace in the Middle East rank in your list of priorities? Do you support a Palestinian state, and what would you do to ensure the safety and security of both Arabs and Jews?

LOSER Well, a Middle Eastern settlement is extremely important from the standpoint of the United States and from the standpoint of the world. But I'll tell you what I will not do, and that is do what this administration has done for the last seven years. And that is, browbeat the state of Israel, our most reliable friend and ally, to give up more land for security.

We all know what the map looks like. This little sliver of a democratic nation in the middle of the Middle East surrounded by hostile powers much larger than them. And it's the little sliver of a democracy that's being told it's got to trade land for peace.

I believe Israel has been our only reliable ally. I would stand with them. I would make sure that their security was safe and that that relationship between the two of us prospered. And I would begin to put some pressure on those other countries in the Middle East that rely on us to be their defense, their safety net, that if they want to be our ally, then they need to be friends with Israel, our major ally in the region.

Russert Rick Albin?

Albin Governor Bush, the Michigan state police started just last week keeping track of the race of people that they stop along the road. It's an effort to determine if people are stopped on the basis of that race — so-called racial profiling. That's their effort to see if it's taking place. What role might the federal government have in making sure that justice or law enforcement is distributed evenly? And moreover, what role, as president, can you do to help race relations in this country?

WINNER Well, first, it's not the federal government's role to run state police departments.

Albin Well, is it the federal government's role to see that racial profiling doesn't take place in any state?

WINNER No one wants racial profiling to take place in any state. The governor of this state doesn't, the governor of my state doesn't. I'm interested in fair justice. I think we ought to hold people accountable if they break the law regardless of the color of their skin.

In terms of being a president that says there's no place in racism, it starts with saying there's no place for racism in America. This is a — this is a nation where all people are created equal. It's the great hope of America — they're all equal, we're all God's children. And that's what leadership needs to do, leadership needs to stand up and say — and condemn racism and condemn prejudice and hold people accountable as an individual, not as a group.

One of the problems I have with oftentimes what's happening in Washington, D.C., there's too much group thought; there's too much attempt to lump people in groups and pit one group of people against another. And that leads to disharmony, it leads to the balkanization of America. I intend to — I intend to say each individual counts, each individual matters, the America dream belongs to each individual who's willing to work hard to achieve it.

Russert Before we begin the candidate-to-candidate questioning, I would like to give each candidate a chance to respond to one question, the same question.

A debate — discussion today at the United Nations. Thirteen million people in Africa have died of AIDS. Seven million more will die of AIDS in the next few years. Twenty million human beings dead of AIDS. Should the United States appropriate about $300 million out of its surplus in order to help fight AIDS in Africa?

Mr. Bauer?

LOSER Well, Tim, as president, I would look at all the priorities facing this country and make a judgment about where we can use that surplus, first to help the American people, and then to help whoever else we can that it's appropriate to help.

Russert Mr. McCain?

LOSER Let me just say — I must say to you that the people of Africa — the suffering people of Africa ultimately will not be bailed out for us — by us, on this or any other thing. They must get governments in Africa that promote economic growth, that treat people as human beings. That is the long-term answer for Africa, not reaching further into the hands of the American taxpayer.

Russert The proposal is to provide $300 million in American assistance. Senator McCain, should we?

LOSER I would do anything that I could in my power to stop this terrible affliction that is taking place in Africa today. They are wiping out generations of young Africans. They deserve the same opportunity we do.

If I had confidence that that money would be well spent, I would do it. But we have corrupt governments. We have organizations that don't treat the people. We have places where that medicine can't get to. So before I spent our taxpayers' money on that, I would have to make sure that it would go to the recipients and go to these poor people who are afflicted with this terrible disease. And very frankly, in a lot of parts of Africa today, I do not have that confidence.

Russert Governor Bush?

WINNER I think it's — I think this is a compassionate nation, and I think we ought to rally other compassionate nations around the world to provide the money to help the folks in Africa. But I agree with what John said — oftentimes we're well intended when it comes to foreign help, but the money never makes it to the people that we're trying to help.

And so I think, before we spend a dime, we want to make sure that the people we're trying to help receive the help necessary. But this is a compassionate land and we need to rally the people of compassion in the world to help when there's a terrible tragedy like this in Africa.

Russert Mr. Forbes?

LOSER I think John and George are right. We have to be sure where the money is going.

Too often foreign aid, not only to Africa but other parts of the world, have just gone to kleptocracies and not helped those it was meant to help — almost 99 percent of it's been wasted.

In terms of Africa itself, I think it is key that we not shackle our own pharmaceutical industry so that they can come up with cures to these and other hideous diseases.

And in addition, I think we should encourage groups here in America and in Africa that are working to tackle this disease, to get the information out there on people's personal behavior. In these — many of these countries, people aren't getting the word on how they can behave to help stop this epidemic because the government won't do it. Private groups, religious groups are willing to. We should urge them to do so.

Russert Mr. Keyes?

LOSER You know, I think that one of the things that I'm hearing in this discussion, and it's the premise of your question, I guess, which is typical, is that the way you measure compassion is by how much money we're going to throw at some problem, regardless of whether the problem is susceptible to being dealt with with all the money.

After all, asking whether we should spend $300 million to cure an incurable disease is kind of an academic point, and you should realize that. Especially when the spread of that disease is rooted in what? Is rooted in a moral crises. Is rooted in a pattern of behavior that spreads that death because of a kind of licentiousness. Not only in Africa, but right here in our own country and around the world.

I think that this whole discussion is based on a premise that reveals the corruption of our thought. Money cannot solve every problem. Sometimes we need to look at the moral root of that problem and have the guts to deal with it. 

Russert Senator Hatch. Senator Hatch, it is a very specific question, because Vice President Gore went to the United Nations today and said the administration will propose $300 million to fight AIDS in Africa.

As a senator, would you support that?

LOSER Vice President Gore did what was right today. This Administration did what was right today. As you can see, these are very decent men. Any one of them would make a decent president.

There is a difference, however, in me, from the rest of them. I'm the author of the three AIDS bills that have given a quality of life to millions of people — rather hundreds of thousands of people in this country. I raised the first $1 million net for the Pediatric AIDS Foundation, run by a very liberal group of people — Elizabeth Glaser was a liberal Democrat. I didn't realize how bad it was for children in this country.

That was 10 years ago. This year, we held the 10th anniversary dinner, and I raised another $2.5 million. They've raised almost $80 million for kids with AIDS.

We need to do everything we can to help people with their health care problems. And as far as watching the money, we have a lot of nonprofit foundations and organizations in our country that would gladly go over there and help our brothers and sisters in Africa.

And I've got to tell you, if we don't do that, we're not a great nation anymore. I think we're a great nation. The difference is, is I've done it. I'm not just talking about it or promising about it. And that's what I offer to you as president.

Russert Thank you, Senator Hatch.

Mr. Forbes, you have the first question.

You may ask any of your five opponents a question.

LOSER I'll end your tension and mystery as to who I'm going to pick. [laughter]

And...[laughter and applause]

Russert I could see that bull's eye from here.

LOSER It may surprise you, it's not on taxes. Let's take a dream ride for a moment. Let's pretend, George, that you get the nomination in August in Philadelphia for the Republican nomination.

WINNER I accept the premise. [laughter]

LOSER Now... Glad you didn't hedge on that. [laughter]

Now, would you make three pledges tonight? One, will you pledge to preserve the Ronald Reagan plank on life in the Republican platform? Two, will you finally state unequivocally that you'll choose only pro-life judges? And third, will you vow to pick a pro-life running mate?

WINNER That's the exact same question Mr. Bauer asked me during the last couple of debates.

LOSER Four times.

WINNER Four times, right. [laughter]

LOSER Not that anybody's counting...

LOSER And the answer's been like that tax pledge — it hasn't been answered.

WINNER Yes, I'll answer it. I'm going to pick a vice president who can be the president. I'll pick judges who strictly interpret the Constitution and not use the bench as a legislative — a way to legislate. And I will — I will work to keep the Republican Party pro-life.

That's what I'm going to do, Mr. Forbes, and I appreciate your assumption about me being the party nominee. 

Russert Mr. Forbes, are you satisfied with that answer?

LOSER No, it's a typical hedge. Where's the pledge? Not a hedge, but a pledge, on the running mate; a pledge on judges; a pledge on the platform. Vagaries aren't going to work. We need something specific.

WINNER I don't know how it can be more clear.

LOSER Say it.

WINNER Listen. I don't know how...

LOSER I'll listen. I'm listening.

WINNER... I will have...

LOSER I'm listening, George.

WINNER... no, you're interrupting. [laughter]

I'll have a — I will have a vice president who can become the president. That's the test. I will have a vice president that agrees with my policy. I'm going to have a vice president that likes me. [laughter and applause]

I can't be any more clear to you. You may not like the answer, but that's my answer. And that is the right answer to give.

Russert Ambassador Keyes, you have the next question for anyone other than Governor Bush.

LOSER Well, I'd have a comment for Governor Bush. I like you, George, but I...[laughter and applause]

WINNER That is not going to get you on my short list. [laughter]

LOSER And since...[laughter]...since it's a proven family tradition, I will consider you for my vice president.

WINNER Thank you. Yes. [laughter]

LOSER But I have a question for Gary Bauer, actually. Gary, the other day I asked — I asked Senator McCain about this whole business of the "don't ask, don't tell" Clinton policy. And Senator McCain supports that policy. He's given us Clinton-lite on gays in the military and wants us to continue with a policy that undermines the sense of honor in the military; that gives the false message to people that they can lead a lifestyle that is actually against the regulations; and then puts the people who are supposed to enforce that regulation in a position where they're going to encounter resentment, misunderstanding, and confusion when they move to enforce it on the basis of whatever information they have.

I think that that sows tremendous seeds of difficulty in our military ranks and it leads to disaster that is felt throughout the ranks. I don't care about the political generals, but I know the people below that level are suffering now in their morale because of this and the seeds of distrust that it sows. Will you join me in my pledge, if I become president, to return to a ban on gays in the military and get rid of this policy that undermines the honor and morale of our military people?

LOSER Listen, Alan, I can tell you what I will do as president, which is in fact to reinstate that ban. Look, this administration began with an argument over open homosexuality in the military. We should have known from the very first weeks of the Clinton administration just how bad things would be by time the eight years were over. We've gone from a 600 ship Navy down to 325 ships, from 18 Army divisions down to 10.

We've got 13,000 men and women in the Army on food stamps, because they're not being paid enough to lift them above the poverty level, and what is this administration worried about as we heard the vice president say the other day? He wants the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet all the demands of the gay rights movement or they won't serve in the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President Gore.

Of course we ought to listen to our military officers. And our military officers have told us that homosexuality in the military destroys the spirit of the corps. There is one purpose for the military, that is to prevent a war and if that fails to win a war for the United States, not to be a sociological playground for Bill and Hillary Clinton. Yes, I will reinstate the ban. 

Russert Senator McCain, your name was invoked. You want to defend yourself?

LOSER Well, I wish this had not come into the political arena. I wish that clearly Vice President Gore and Bradley are pandering to some element here. This is a very difficult issue. We're asking our military commanders to handle this issue. The policy is working. Ask the men and women who work in the military, they will tell you that.

Russert The policy of "don't ask, don't tell"?

LOSER The policy of "don't ask, don't tell" is working. I rely on people like General Colin Powell, people I served with all my adult life, who tell me that this policy is working. Now, we can applaud and yell and scream, but right now our military is in bad shape. We're not meeting our recruiting goals. We're not keeping the men and women we need, and right now I'd like to — instead of focusing on this issue, I'd like to talk about pay, benefits, 12,000 enlisted people on food stamps, inability to carry out our duties and responsibilities throughout America.

Russert I have to give Senator Hatch a chance to answer this question. Senator Hatch, your question for someone other than Governor Bush or Gary Bauer.

LOSER OK. Well, let me ask a question of Alan. Alan, there are some in the media who say that basically this podium or this stage is too crowded. Now, I notice that the Jones-Shorenstein Poll out of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, a month ago said that 64 percent of the American people had not even selected or decided who would be president in their minds.

Sixteen percent supported Governor Bush, who was the highest recipient. I think the next was Al Gore at six percent. The rest all in single digits.

Last week, they came out with a follow-on poll that now goes to 74 percent of the American people who have not decided who they want for president. Governor Bush has gone from 16 to 13 percent but still the leader. With Al Gore still at six percent, the rest in single digits.

Now just ask me this, do you think that this stage is too crowded with people and that the media's right?

LOSER Well, I can tell you — I think I know why the media wants to get people off this stage because they claim the power to decide who's going to be on it, you see. And they would take that power from the American people and, gosh, that would give them rule of this country instead of the people.

How many of you want government of the media, by the media, for the media? [laughter]

I don't think so. I think if they want to have part in our government, they should stand up, declare, run for office, get in here and sweat in the arena with the rest of us. Don't stand on your high horse collecting your fat salaries, dictating to the American people what their choices will be. 

And I say that — I say that, by the way — I say that, by the way, as one who was a victim of that media tyranny in Atlanta in the last go round, when a tyrannical television station kept me off the stage.

And I think there are a lot of folks in this country now who realize that I — I think after all is said and done once you've proven it — and I kind of think I've proven I have a right to be here. Every now and again I say something worth hearing. 

Russert Thank you, Ambassador.

LOSER Final point. I can't resist just one moment of rebuttal. I think that — when we here Senator McCain telling us that the military has all these problems, people leaving and so forth. It seems like he has forgotten that the root of the word morale is moral. And that we'd better pay attention to the moral environment we create in our military or you can bet, people will keep leaving.

Russert Quickly.

LOSER Today — today on the front page of "The Washington Post," front page of "USA Today" was a study of 25,000 enlisted people in the military.

I suggest you read it, Alan. It gives the primary reasons why people are having so much difficulty in the military today.

Russert Senator McCain, did you ever serve with a gay person?

LOSER Sure. Absolutely.

Russert Mr. Bauer, for your question for Forbes, McCain or Hatch.

LOSER I'm really disappointed, Governor, that I don't get to ask you a question for the fifth debate in a row. That's strange.

WINNER Well, maybe you ought to try McCain out. [laughter and applause]

Russert No coaching.

LOSER He's not my problem. You are. [laughter] Steve, I — I...

LOSER I — I might be.

LOSER Steve, I want to commend you for trying to get that answer out of the governor.

Ladies and gentlemen, it is important, the answer to the question. Seven of the current nine Supreme Court justices...

Russert What's your question, Mr. Bauer?

LOSER... were appointed by Republican presidents. Abortion should be over.

Russert Your question's to who?

LOSER Steve, a year or so ago, here in Michigan, General Motors closed the plant in Flint, Michigan. They said there was a surplus of parts. When I saw the article in "The Wall Street Journal," it seemed pretty matter-of-fact to me. It was a little sad to know that men would be losing their jobs, but there's a surplus of parts, there's a surplus of parts.

But then six months later, I was reading through the "Journal" again, and I — I saw another little article. General Motors had reopened the plant — but not in Flint, Michigan. In Shanghai, China.

I got on a plane and flew to Flint, Michigan. I met with the men there that were going to be losing their jobs. Almost every one of them had been in Vietnam. They had gone there to fight because their government told them that communism was wrong.

Now they wondered why the rules had changed. They were losing their jobs here because a nice corporate president thought he would like to make a little bit more at the bottom line by putting the plant in Shanghai, China.

Russert Question, please.

LOSER If I'm president, I will tell the president of General Motors that he's head of an American company.

Are you willing to do the same, or are you going to worship at the altar of international trade at all costs?

LOSER Gary, I'll answer it in several ways.

First of all, regarding China. It's critical that we allow the Chinese to know — the Chinese government, what the rules of engagement are. If they violate those rules of engagement they should know trade is going to be in jeopardy.

And by the way, they should do far, far more to reduce trade barriers, which they've not done. And this administration will not get that kind of agreement from them, nor will they enforce it.

But trying to have the government close America off from the rest of the world sadly is not going to work. We've been down that path. We tried that in 1929, with the Smoot-Hawley tariff, and helped precipitate one of the worst depressions in this nation's history and destroyed millions of jobs.

In Europe today, well-meaning governments have put in those kind of restrictions to try to wall their economies off from the rest of the world, and what happened? They have double-digit unemployment. It's not being compassionate to have 30 percent unemployment among young people, and double-digit unemployment among adults, and no future because high-technology can't take root.

America's strength has always been staying ahead of the technology curve, being productive more than any other people in the world. That's why we have the highest standard of living. And as we reduce trade barriers, reduce taxes here at home, reduce regulations, we will have — continue to have the highest standard of living and others will follow in our wake.

Russert Senator McCain has a question for Senator Hatch.

LOSER Thanks for the choice.

Russert That's it. [laughter]

WINNER I haven't asked a question.

Russert You're next.

Senator McCain for Hatch.

WINNER Oh, sorry. Sorry you can't ask yourselves. [laughter]

LOSER Orrin, we passed a bill in 1996 called the Telecommunications Reform Act.

I cite it a lot when I see the need — talk about the need for campaign finance reform. Every special interest played. According to the Consumers Union, they'll tell you that every telecommunications cost has gone up, whether it be cable rates, or long distance rates, or local phone rates. And because they couldn't compete, because everybody at the table — the big givers, the hundreds of thousands of dollars — the consumer was left out.

And one of the aspects of this, of course, that we've seen is this continued consolidations and mergers within the telecommunications industry, of a size that we've seldom seen, the latest of which of course we heard announced today America Online with Time Warner — two giants, two giants.

Now, your and my jurisdiction overlap, and yours is to take a look at these mergers and consolidations. I don't know if it's right or wrong, but I know that if we let the special interests play, and the American people no longer have a voice, we'll see more and more of these mergers and consolidations. We'll see more and more increases in the cost of telecommunications to the average citizens. Your cable rates have gone up 28 percent since we passed that bill.

Russert Question please.

LOSER What's your view of this latest merger?

LOSER Well, the real question — the real question in antitrust is whether these mergers result in the ability of the merged companies to be predatory, to be unfair, to not act in the best interest of consumers, just to mention a few things without taking up all my time.

I'm very concerned about this latest merger. These are two of the largest telecommunications companies in the world, if not the largest. And I have to say, we have to be very concerned about that and it has to be looked at very carefully.

But John raises another issue, and that is campaign finance reform. John is supporting a bill that, in the opinion of almost every Republican, is unconstitutional; that would leave the Republicans high and dry.

Almost all Democrats support it, hardly any Republicans support it and it isn't hard to see why.

Now let me just say this to you. I'm very concerned about that. In my campaign for president, I'm running a different campaign. I believe in disclosure, disclosure, disclosure. I believe we ought to disclose on the Internet within two weeks of receiving an expenditure. I think we ought to increase these 25-year old limits so that people — individuals can participate just as equally as PACs.

I don't think we should go the route that Senator McCain thinks we should go. And I have to say this to you. In my campaign, I said that if I got a million people to give me $36, I'll have enough money to win this election. Just a million people.

That would be as much as George W. Bush announced on July 1st. I commend him for how much money he's raised. But I've been raising it — and I refuse to take taxpayer funds in this primary season even though I qualify to do so. I just don't think it's a conservative thing to do.

Russert Thank you, Senator. Governor Bush, you can choose any of your opponents to ask a question.

WINNER I have to choose John, don't I?

Russert You don't have to.

WINNER He's the one I'm choosing anyway.

Russert Oh, McCain is — John McCain.

WINNER Yes, I think so. The — John, I want to talk to you about an issue in Arizona that I want to hear your opinion on. I think the Republican Party ought to hear it, and I think the country ought to understand what the federal government's doing.

As I understand, there's a — the president has proposed a million acres called federal monument — they call it a federal monument.

WINNER In essence, what's happened...

LOSER The 1906 Act.

WINNER Yes. What's happened is the federal government is basically taking a million acres of — and putting it into a — a freeze in the State of Arizona.

I know you're concerned about conservation and the environment. But would you comment about — is the attitude in Washington, D.C. today of this administration and how it's handled the lands in the West — and particularly this — this act by the president.

LOSER I guess I owe you for that kind quesiton. [laughter] 

I thank you. It's an important — it's an important issue.

WINNER I ask it for a reason.

LOSER It's an important issue.

WINNER I ask it for a reason. You know, we disagree on issues...

LOSER Yes. Sure. It's...

WINNER... but Republicans agree a lot, and this is an important issue.

LOSER It's a — it's a very important issue. I come from the most beautiful state in America, in my view. And the fact is...

LOSER Well, now, wait a minute, here...[laughter]

LOSER The fact is...

LOSER Listen, there's one north of you. 

LOSER The fact is...

Russert There goes Michigan. [laughter and applause]

LOSER Don't count that on my time. [laughter] It's not his job.

The — In the 1980s, Morris Udall — a liberal Democrat and one of the loveliest of men — and I and others worked to put three and a half million acres of pristine wilderness of Arizona in permanent preservation status. It took us several years to do it. We did it through hearings, through meetings, through informal and formal meetings, working with the Native Americans, those who live on the land.

And after three years, we were able to put three and a half million acres of that land into permanent preservation status. We're proud of that. It'll always be there, as it was when Theodore Roosevelt and the first pioneers saw it.

Now this administration, with an Arizonan as secretary of the interior, has just be fiat — without consulting anyone — not a single person who lives in Arizona was consulted on this decision. And that decision reaches as far away as New Hampshire — I don't why I mention New Hampshire — and — and other places in America.

The way you get these things done is consultation with the people who live and work there, who love it more than any bureaucrat that lives in Washington, D.C.

I thank you for that question, George.

Russert Thank you, Senator.

These are questions from the students of Calvin College.

We request that you keep your answer to 30 seconds so we can get more of the students answered.

Joshua Gabriels is a freshman here. He wants to know the following Will you propose and agree not to run any negative ads against each other?

Mr. Forbes? [laughter and applause]

LOSER The answer — the answer is, if negative — if negative...[laughter].. being negative is telling the truth, I will continue to tell the truth. People deserve it, we deserve an honest and open and vigorous debate, and if a man breaks a pledge the voters ought to know it.

Russert Governor Bush?

WINNER I'll run positive ads. And I'm darn sure not going to do to candidates what this man did to Bob Dole in 1996.

Russert When you said that Steve Forbes' political clock is ticking, he's feeling a sense of gloom, what were you...

WINNER Well, I can't — listen, I cut taxes as the governor, that's the fact, that is the bottom line. The people of my state know my record and they endorsed it with an election. And yet, if you look at ads, it doesn't say that.

And my only problem is, listen, I don't mind debates. I do mind Republicans tearing each other down. The mission is to pick the best person so we can capture the White House in the year 2000. 

LOSER And you're not...

Russert Mr. Keyes?

LOSER... you're not going to make — you're not going to win the White House by making pledges that are then broken.

We've been through that before, particularly on taxes. A pledge made should be a pledge kept, and in Texas it was your own party that saved you from breaking that pledge. You tried to break it. They blocked you.

Russert Mr. McCain.

LOSER I'd like to shake hands right now. We will not run negative ads  

Russert McCain and Bush just agreed not to run negative ads. Mr. Keyes?

LOSER I think when we get beyond the, kind of, cheap ploys, we ought to consider the fact that, in a court of law, if the prosecution presents its case and the defense doesn't bother, you don't get to the truth. Some people want to pretend that we don't have an adversarial political system, but we do. And therefore if the folks who are running against each other don't, in an honest, clear way, speak about the differences on issues, and if you're going to run on your record, they get to speak about your record.

And it's going to be their interpretation of your record, not your own. That is not negative advertising. That is sharing with people your views and the truth, and they're not going to get at it any other way.

And so if we're honest with ourselves, we not only have to tolerate it, we should encourage that kind of exchange of viewpoints so that the voters get the maximum information on which to base their decisions. 

Russert Senator Hatch — negative ads?

LOSER With my low-budget campaign, I'm not going to put any negative ads on. [laughter]

Russert Thank you.

LOSER No wait, wait. I'm not finished. And I'm going to take a little bit of time here.

First of all, I think that these 15-second, 30-second spots are BS. I shouldn't use that. But that's the best I could call it. Frankly, we haven't had a substantive debate, and we're talking about running for president of the United States. These are the best you can do, and I think these folks have done a good job this evening.

But it isn't good enough. What I've done is I've cut a 28-minute speech or fireside chat, if you will, about this administration. And I haven't gone into any of the sexual proclivities. I've talked about why this administration is perhaps the most deceitful and corrupt in history. And it will be on in Iowa and New Hampshire, and ultimately hopefully if you'll support me, in Michigan and all over the country. That's what I'm going to do, and it's going to be substantive and it certainly is not going to find any fault with any of these fine fellows here.

Russert Mr. Bauer, negative ads?

LOSER Tim, I've gone all over the country and I've met countless young people that are turned off about politics. And so are their parents. They've tuned out. They don't listen to any of us. They don't believe any of us. There's two things we've got to do to get them back. One is to have real debate about real issues, pointing out real differences — on China, on the sanctity of life. There are differences up here.

LOSER Taxes.

LOSER But we can do that without engaging in the trash can politics and the character assassination that has marked too much of American politics for too long.

Russert Governor Bush, a question from Dave Dykhouse, a sophomore here. If you were elected to office, to what degree would your religious convictions influence the manner in which you conduct affairs in the Oval Office?

WINNER In how I keep the oath of office and the oaths I take. My religious convictions need to be reflected in how I live my life.

Russert Follow-up. You have put to death 111 men and one women with the death penalty.

WINNER The state of Texas put to death.

Russert What would — what if you were wrong in any of those instances? And what would Jesus think of the death penalty?

WINNER I haven't been wrong in any of the incidences because everybody's had full access to the courts. And I don't believe we've ever executed an innocent person in my state.

I support the death penalty because I believe it saves lives. I support the death penalty if we administer the judgment in a sure and swift way that is full of justice. I believe it — I believe it creates a society that says I'm not going to go kill somebody. I believe it protects innocent people to have the death penalty.

Russert And what would Jesus think of the death penalty?

WINNER Far — listen I'm a lowly sinner. I'm not going to put words in Jesus' mouth.

LOSER Can I...

Now wait a minute, you don't have to. Excuse me.

Two things...

Russert Mr. Keyes, please.

LOSER First of all, you don't have to put words in Jesus' mouth because, if we study his example, we know how Jesus responded to the death penalty.

When Pontius Pilate stood before Jesus and said, Don't you know that I have the authority to put you to death? What did Jesus say? He didn't say, No you don't; I'm an innocent man. He could have. He was the most innocent who had ever lived, in my faith.

What did he say instead? He basically said that, Any authority you have, he says, comes to you from the Father.

He did not deny the authority, he simply sourced it. I think we'd better think about that when we ask the question, "What would Jesus do?"

And we also need to think about this. The question of God in American life is not a question of my personal feeling or George Bush's personal feeling, it's a simple fact that, in our great Declaration, we are told that our rights come from the creator, God. How on Earth are we to maintain institutions sourced in that authority if we deny that authority? 

Russert Next question is from Rachel Bosher. She is a freshman psychology major.

Senator McCain, in spite of the moral crisis that has occurred in the presidency, the U.S. economy continues to flourish. Do you really believe the character of our next president would have an impact on the U.S. economy?

LOSER I think the character of the president of the United States has an impact on the lives of Americans because the important job of the president of the United States is to lead. And the people of this country have to have confidence in that leadership.

The job of president of the United States, as I see it, is to inspire young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interest. And I am convinced that the American people seek someone who doesn't spin, who tells them the truth, whether it happens to be what they'd like to hear or what they want to hear and in many occasions what they don't want to hear. And I think the American people all over this country want somebody that they can trust in that fashion.

Russert Mr. Bauer, the president has a 60-percent approval rating, even though 60 percent of the people say they don't respect him as a person. It plays off of Rachel Bosher's question. While the economy is roaring, are people willing to excuse, or look the other way, or not consider character in the Oval Office important?

LOSER You know, Tim, I think the American people, unfortunately, are confused about this. They've been told to measure the performance of a government or of a president by their pocketbooks. And quite frankly, even the media sends that same message.

But the fact of the matter is that, at the core, almost all of the major issues facing our country are moral. Racial reconciliation. Rebuilding the American family. Preserving marriage as between one man and one woman. Finding another place at the table, this one for our unborn children.

Those are all moral questions and ultimately it won't matter how high our stocks are. It will matter how strong our virtue is.

Russert Next question from freshman Melissa Keeley. Mr. Forbes, what is your stance in regards to further American action taken for humanitarian causes such as Somalia?

LOSER I think we should have learned from what happened in Somalia when President Clinton tried to remake that society, the limitations of what we can do. We can provide food. We can provide medicine. We can provide help for those who are victims of disaster. But that's very different from trying to remake a society or sending in troops to try to remake a society, as we tried to do in Haiti, first in 1915 and then again with the Clinton-Gore administration. It doesn't work. Don't confuse giving money to corrupt governments or the governments that become corrupt because of that money, with true humanitarian assistance, directly to the people involved, not through government bureaucracies.

Russert Mr. Keyes and Mr. Hatch, if you could take 30 seconds each on this — the problem of inter-city children. This is Christie Tallon, who's a sophomore. How do we deal with at-risk children? And what do we do to prevent situations like in Detroit, where three out of every four children born in Detroit are born to an unwed mother?

LOSER I think the best thing that we can do there — and actually it gets back to another point made earlier — we need to encourage marriage. We need to encourage respect for people who are willing to take on their parental responsibilities. And we need to write into our policies and laws approaches that will work with folks who respect the marriage institution and oppose those who want to destroy institutions of marriage by encouraging the radical gay agenda and other things.

It also shocked me a little bit when Gary said he didn't care about the feelings of the father in the Elian Gonzalez case. What are we going to do, my friends, if we don't start telling fathers that we care about their hearts and that we care about their feelings and that they do have a permanent role in the lives of their children? How are we to get them to meet their responsibilities? I have to take that seriously. And I think when we start doing those things, we will move in the right direction in terms of making sure that marriage is strong and that children are born to two parents who stay together.

Russert Senator Hatch, you can answer that question or one from Jeff Apple. You're at a college campus. What can you do about the rising cost of tuition in college across America? [laughter and applause]

You have 30 seconds, Senator.

LOSER Number one, with regard to the children in the inner cities, I'd get rid of political correctness once and for all. I'd set an example in the White House — an example of a father who has six children, 19 grandchildren, and a wonderful wife, and been married for 42 years, well into our 43rd year.

With regard to lowering tuition, I'd sure as heck get government out of education as much as I could, because it's wrecking education — and especially the federal government.

The state governments, I think, can handle it. State and local governments can handle everything in education except for some very selected areas like civil rights, which I think the federal government has to enforce.

Russert Thank you, Senator.

Closing statements — we ask each of the candidates to limit their comments to 80 seconds so each of them have an equal time to speak.

Gary Bauer is first.

LOSER Ladies and gentlemen, do you ever get up in the morning and open up the newspaper and not recognize your country? Every day, there's more stories — newborn babies thrown into trash cans, kids killing kids, unbelievable racial hatred in spite of everything that we've done to try to bring the races together.

For 30 years, America has been remade right in front of your eyes.

You go back to the '60s. I remember the first headline when I was in high school Supreme Court Outlaws School Prayer. We were all just supposed to swallow hard and accept it.

In the '70s, we opened up the paper, and suddenly the Court found the right to abort our children in all nine months of the pregnancy — every state law in the nation struck down overnight.

Soon you will open up the paper — it's already started in Vermont — the Court will have ruled that men can marry men and women can marry women.

Ladies and gentlemen, we must stand up to the crisis in America on our values. I'll lower taxes; probably all of us will. I'll rebuild the military; I think every one of us will. But I don't believe everybody up here is committed to defending reliable standards of right and wrong — rebuilding America as a shining city upon a hill.

I will do that as president, and I would be proud to have your support.

Russert Senator McCain.

LOSER I want to thank you, Tim, and our other media people, and all of you. This has been a very, I think, helpful debate tonight, in this process.

I'm running for president of the United States because I want to reform government. I want to reform the military. I want to reform education, and get it out of the hands of the labor bosses. I want to reform the tax code, which is 44,000 pages long, which is nightmare for average citizens because of the influence of the special interests that carve out a good deal or a loophole.

I want to reform the way that we finance campaigns, because young Americans are no longer participating in the political process because they're no longer represented.

The scandal in Washington, besides Monica Lewinsky, was the debasement of every institution of government by the Clinton/Gore campaign in 1996. The president of the United States took the Lincoln Bedroom, treated it like Motel 6, and he was the bellhop.

And my friends, I want to make that illegal so it never happens again, and I want my colleagues to make it illegal as well.

Once I do that then I'll have the ability to inspire young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self interest.

That's what the great presidents in history have been able to do, and that's what young American's need today. I thank you.

Russert Governor George Bush.

WINNER I too want to thank the sponsor of this debate. I am most appreciative of the time, able to share with you what's in my heart. I want to thank Senator Abram. I want to thank Governor Engler. I want to thank all my supporters in the state of Michigan. I'm looking forward to bringing my campaign to your state.

I'm the one on the stage who's had executive experience when it comes to government. I know how to set agendas. I know how to bring people together to achieve the agendas. Should I govern the president, I'll cut taxes to make sure that our economy continues to grow.

But I'll make sure our tax code is fair. That we hear the cries of people who live on the outskirts of poverty. I want to knock down the tollbooth to the middle class.

I will rebuild the military to keep the peace. I will focus on public education to make sure every child gets educated and no child is left behind. And I will work to save and strengthen Social Security.

During this campaign, I'm going to run a positive campaign, one that reaches out to new faces and new voices in the Republican Party. I want to lift the spirit of America so this great country can achieve any objective that we set our mind to.

I'm here to ask for the vote. I want to thank you for listening. And God bless you all.

Russert Steve Forbes.

LOSER Thank you all very much for having us here tonight. America today is on the cusp of what should be one of the most fabulous eras in human history. It's within our grasp. We have an era of spiritual renewal here at home, of great economic opportunity.

But as you know from your own experiences in your own lives, whether it's raising a family, running a business, doing your civic activities, if opportunities are there and you don't work at them, they don't happen.

I'm an outsider. I'm an independent conservative outsider. I'm aggressive. I'm honest. I put forth bold proposals to enable America, in the words of Abraham Lincoln, to experience a new birth of freedom.

The freedom to be born. The freedom from fear of the IRS. The freedom to choose your own schools rather than bureaucracies. The freedom to choose your own doctors. The freedom to be in charge of your own Social Security taxes instead of the grasping politicians in Washington, D.C. The freedom to be safe and secure in this world, which means building up, not running down our military, and keeping faith with our veterans, particularly concerning their health care benefits.

But I can't do it alone. I'm an outsider, I need your help, your votes, your support, your prayers. Together, we can do great things for our country and show the world what a free, vibrant and moral people can achieve.

Thank you very much.

Russert Alan Keyes.

LOSER Now, every now and again something occurs in the campaign that drives home the point that we're not just talking about abstractions. The other day I got a call from a father named Thomas Navarro, who's the father of a 4-year-old son who is dying of brain cancer. And he has been trying, in a very responsible way, to get a decent treatment for his son's brain cancer, and the FDA has refused to allow him to do what he thinks is best for his son, and they've placed the whole matter on clinical hold while his son dies.

I've written a letter to Donna Shalala, the key to which is the statement, "It should be the right of every responsible American citizen to seek the medical care of their choice without government bureaucracies standing in the way."

I think this case illustrates the heart and soul of Republicanism and of the right American approach.

Responsible people should be allowed to make responsible choices. They should not have the government standing in the way.

I want to appeal to my colleagues to join with me in signing this letter to Donna Shalala, to see if we can help this family and this young man, and as a way of illustrating the fact that, for Republicans, this isn't just a debate over abstractions. It's a debate about how we can restore to the American people those liberties and that sense of responsibility which will not only save the life of this child, but save the life and the future of our country.

Russert Senator Orrin Hatch.

LOSER Look, there are very thin distinctions among all of us. We're all going to be tax cutters. We're all going to try and save Social Security and Medicare. We're all going to work to strengthen our military. We're all going to try and make safe schools. We're all going to try to do what we can against crime and drugs.

But you know what's really bothering the American people? They're scared to death. They're afraid in their homes. They have to lock their doors. They're afraid of their kids going to school. They're afraid in their communities. We now know that the three biggest threats to America, now that there is no longer a bipolar confrontation with the Soviet Union, are international and domestic terrorism, international and domestic organized crime, international and domestic narcotics.

And let me tell you something, I've done missions for Ronald Reagan, and they were important. I might add that I was the first to tell President Clinton, back in 1996 — I believe it was on "Meet the Press" — I told him that you better watch this Osama bin Laden because he's going to kill Americans. Didn't, until he did.

I've served on the Intelligence Committee twice. I only know one other person whose done it. There may be another. His name is Bill Cohen, secretary of defense.

We need somebody with experience that's proven. We need somebody who isn't just talking about doing things, but who has done it. And I can tell you, I've been there. I've done it. And I'd be a good president. I think all of these others would, too.

Russert Senator Hatch, we thank you. You were so disciplined and so well organized, we actually have a minute left. Moderator...

WINNER Then could we ask you a question?

Russert Moderator's prerogative...[laughter]...moderator's prerogative, I would like to ask you a serious question. America has just begun the 21st century. If you could select two items to put in a time capsule that best represents America in the 21st century, Gary Bauer, what would they be?

LOSER Are you sure you don't want to start at that end, Tim? [laughter]

Russert You're on.

LOSER The first item that always ought to be put in a time capsule, whatever the century, is the Declaration of Independence, because of the words "We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal, endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, among these the right to liberty and the pursuit of happiness."

Russert And what else? [laughter]

John McCain?

LOSER Along with those, perhaps Einstein's Theory of Relativity, perhaps.

Russert Governor Bush?

WINNER Two things? Two things different from them? How about Martin Luther King's speech, to show the heart of America; and the microchip, to show the entrepreneurial spirit of the country?

Russert Steve Forbes?

LOSER In addition to the Declaration and the Constitution, I'd have a grain of sand, because that's the basis of silicon — the whole information age.

It shows what a free people can achieve and only a free people can achieve writing whole worlds on grains of sand. True symbol of American inventiveness.

Russert Alan Keyes.

LOSER I think the Declaration and the Constitution are good. But maybe we could summarize the point of all of them by remembering what they make possible, and just throw in a couple of ballots to represent what makes this system work.

Russert And who's name would be on that ballot? [laughter]

LOSER Orrin Hatch.

LOSER Well, mine, of course. [laughter]

LOSER That is if everybody's smart out there, I'll tell you.

I think these fellows have really summed it up well. I'd put the Constitution in there and the Declaration of Independence and a picture of the diverse families in America to show that we're a country of a wide diversity of people and we're the greatest country in the world and it's going to be even greater in this century.

Russert I'd like to thank the candidates tonight for their answers. I'd like to thank my colleagues from WOOD-TV 8 for their questions. We'd like to thank our sponsors and wonderful hosts here at Calvin College.

Voters of Michigan, February 22nd is your primary. It's now up to you. We await your decision.

Thank you and good night.


MODERATOR Good evening and welcome, on behalf of NBC News, MSNBC, and WIS TV in Columbia, South Carolina — a big night in a big state, considered politically the gateway to the American South for its presidential primary February 19th.

Stanton Next month South Carolinians will decide who they want to be the Republican nominee. And since 1980, the very first Republican primary here in South Carolina, won by Ronald Reagan, no Republican has won its party's nomination without first winning here in South Carolina.

MODERATOR Tonight we are going to hear from all six men vying for the GOP nomination for president. Let's meet each one of them now. Alan Keyes, former assistant secretary of State and ambassador under Ronald Reagan.  U.S. Senator John McCain from the state of Arizona. [applause and cheers] Former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer. [applause and cheers] The governor of the state of Texas, George W. Bush. [applause and cheers] Steve Forbes of the magazine of the same name. [applause and cheers] And from the state of Utah, U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch. 

Stanton We had drawings to determine the order of the questions, and each candidate will have 45 seconds to answer most questions. And we begin with a question for each candidate, beginning with Ambassador Keyes. Ambassador Keyes, last night you asked where all the conservatives have gone. If you had a choice between eight more years of a Democratic president or eight years of a pro-choice Republican, which would you choose?

LOSER Well, frankly I don't think that has to be our choice, unless we make a terrible error in the Republican Party. I think we have to choose to stand forthrightly for the pro-life position. And if we do not, the party doesn't stand a chance of winning a victory in November — it will not happen. This party was born of principle. This party will die if it does not adhere to its Declaration principles. And I think that's very clear. I have said it. I know most of the people in this room and throughout the Republican Party and the country understand that. So your hypothetical is of no matter to me. We will not face that alternative. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, thank you. Next question to Senator McCain. Senator, I am reading from the Associated Press a few minutes ago this evening, and I read, in quotes, "Two weeks after Ameritech's chairman held a fundraiser for him, Senator John McCain sent a stinging letter to federal regulators accusing them of being unfair toward the phone company." Senator, your letter went on to say that the letter was not meant to benefit any one single person. And you have said in your own defense that this is part of what is wrong with Washington. However, do you understand now the appearance here, and can you tell us here tonight is there anything else about the transportation you use, about the letters you have written, anything else that you know of that is about to come out?

LOSER I have, first of all, no idea. But the fact is that again my job as chairman of the Committee of Commerce, Science and Transportation is to oversight bureaucracies that are supposed to be serving the people. The Federal Communications Commission has not been doing that. Of all the times when I have weighed in, I have asked them to do their duty and to expedite the procedures as they are laid out under the law and according to existing regulations. I will continue to do that job. And when a constituent, a person of mine who has trouble, or a citizen of this country who can't get a reaction or an answer from a bureaucracy that is paid for with their tax dollars, I believe that people like me should weigh in, particularly when it is my responsibility as the chairman of the committee. I fully understand —

MODERATOR Time is up, senator. Thank you, sir.

LOSER Thank you. 

Stanton Ladies and gentlemen, again we would ask that you would hold your applause until the end of the debate so we will have more time for the questions with the candidates.

Mr. Bauer, if someone in your family was raped and became pregnant and wanted an abortion, and after a discussion with you they were adamant in their decision to have an abortion, would you support that decision or would you try to prevent it?

LOSER This is a very basic question. If my daughter or somebody that I loved was raped, that would be the most horrible thing I could possibly imagine. But I would comfort her. I would pray with her. I would explain to her that she couldn't make right the terrible thing that had happened to her by taking the life of her innocent unborn child. [applause and cheers]

But the most important thing, sir, is not what I would do under those circumstances but what I would do as president. And as president I would throw rapists in jail for a long time so America's women wouldn't have to worry about it. 

Stanton Thank you, sir.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, a few blocks from here on top of the State Capitol Building, the confederate flag flies with the state flag and the U.S. flag. [booing] It is, as you can here from the reaction of tonight's — [booing] — it is, as you can here from the reaction of tonight's crowd of 3,000 people from South Carolina, a hot button issue here. The question is Does the flag offend you personally?

WINNER The answer to your question is — and what you are trying to get me to do is to express the will of the people of South Carolina, is what you are trying to get me to do.

MODERATOR No, I am asking you about your personal feelings.

WINNER The people of South Carolina — [applause and cheers] — Brian, I believe the people of South Carolina can figure out what to do with this flag issue. It's the people of South Carolina's decision to make. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR If I may —

WINNER I don't believe — I don't believe it's the role of someone from outside South Carolina and someone running for president to come into this state and tell the people of South Carolina what to do with their business when it comes to the flag. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR As an American citizen, do you have a visceral reaction to seeing the confederate flag? [booing]

WINNER As an American citizen, I trust the people of South Carolina to make the decision for South Carolina. [applause and cheers]

Stanton Mr. Forbes has the next question. There are many people on fixed incomes with health problems. And by the time they say their medications have been paid for, they don't have money for food or clothing or other necessities. Do you think people like this need some help, and from what source should that help come?

LOSER Well, clearly millions of Americans need help on health care. The major reason why is they are not in charge of their health care — HMOs are, insurers are, government bureaucracies are. And that's not right. And that's why I proposed with Medicare that people on Medicare have the same kind of choice members of Congress and those who work for the federal government have being able to choose from several hundred different health care plans. And if you have a need for prescriptive medicines, you can pick a plan that will provide that need. If you have a need for long-term care, you can do the same thing. I want to give people choice, put health care back in the hands of the people, and I've got specific proposals to do it. [applause and cheers]

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes. Tonight we're also going to be taking some emails. This particular one comes into us from Carla Hardee of South Carolina Forty, fifty, even sixty years ago, when a man entered the military he did so with commitment. Along with this he was promised commitment by the government. One of the promises made was medical for himself and his dependents. If elected, Senator Hatch, what would you do specifically to reinstitute the lifetime benefits veterans are entitled to by having placed their lives in the hands of the United States government? What attraction would you offer for new enlistees to encourage a stronger and more vital military presence?

LOSER Well, I'll tell you the first thing I'd do as president is I would make sure that a third of our military who qualify for food stamps start getting paid decently and honorably.  Twelve thousand of them are on food stamps. It's terrible. And to make a long story short, we have to live up to our commitments to our military people. One of them was to provide health care for veterans. We have about 26 million veterans in this country. A very small percentage of those actually apply for this type of health care. But we have got to provide for it, and it seems to me we have got to make it the best possible health care we can.

Stanton We're also going to give the candidates a chance to ask each other questions tonight, and we begin with Mr. Forbes, who has a question for Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Gary, you have obviously read in the papers about a key official in the Gore campaign, Donna Brazile, who made very racist remarks about General Powell and about Congressman J.C. Watts. I believe, and I think you believe, and I hope we can get our colleagues here tonight together to ask Al Gore to fire Donna Brazile and to apologize to two great Americans, J.C. Watts and General Powell. Will you join me in that? 

LOSER Steve, Steve, you are absolutely right. Let me just say to the good people in this audience, you have watched for 10 years while the Democratic Party has attempted to smear our party with charges of racism, with charges of not caring about the poor, with all sorts of scare tactics — that we don't care about the weak and the sick and the handicapped. They do it time and time and time again. And all too often our party in the face of that has run for the tall grass. It is time for us to stand up. We are a party of great principles. Al Gore's campaign manager ought to be ashamed of herself, and she ought to resign tonight. 

Stanton Mr. Bauer, thank you.

MODERATOR We'd like now to enter a brief phase of short questions and rapid-fire answers — gentlemen, if you could, answers of one to two seconds in length. [laughter] We will begin with Senator — one to two sentences. We will settle for one to two sentences in length if you must. Senator McCain, you will begin. All gentlemen will answer this first question Has affirmative action made America a better nation?

LOSER Yes, but quotas have made it worse.

MODERATOR Gary Bauer.

LOSER Oh, you mean the same question?

MODERATOR Yes.

LOSER I would agree. I think that the idea behind affirmative action was legitimate and decent, that when you start counting by race you divide America, you don't bring it together.

MODERATOR Governor Bush?

WINNER Only if affirmative action means equal opportunity for everybody. 

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes?

LOSER Quotas and set-asides are wrong. That's why we genuinely need real affirmation of opportunity starting by letting parents choose their own schools for their own children. 

MODERATOR Senator Hatch?

LOSER When affirmative action means job training, outreach and education, it's good. When it starts pitting one group against another through a system of preferences it's bad. And I've got to tell you quotas are wrong for America, and I agree equal opportunity is what we should have for everybody. 

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes?

LOSER I think it may be more important to ask whether it's helped the people it was supposed to help. And I think that it has actually hurt them by damaging the reputation of many minorities in this country and not giving them credit for their real achievements, and I think that's wrong. 

Stanton We have another short-answer question. South Carolinians are going to be voting on a state lottery later this year. A national gambling commission has recommended no further state lotteries — a moratorium on them for the time being. Do you agree with that, Mr. Bauer?

LOSER Yes, I do agree with it. I not only agree with that — I think the gambling industry is corrupting our culture, corrupting our families, and will eventually corrupt politics with the unregulated money. 

Stanton Governor Bush, same question.

WINNER I've got a strong anti-gambling record in my state of Texas. But let me say something just like the flag, the people of South Carolina can figure out whether or not they want to have a lottery or not. That's the people of South Carolina's decision to make. 

Stanton Mr. Forbes?

LOSER When the gambling issue came up in my home state of New Jersey more than 20 years ago, I voted against it every time it came up. So I would urge you not to think that gambling money is going to provide you with a better education. It's a false steal.  Stanton Senator Hatch.

LOSER Yes, yes, yes and yes. [laughs] I have to say that South Carolina has got to determine its own destiny, and I would certainly support that.

Stanton Ambassador?

LOSER I think it's very important that we leave these decisions up to the states. But if you solicit my advice, I'll tell you this all governments everywhere — federal, state, local — should get out of the business of putting a corrupting, regressive tax on the backs of their people! 

Stanton Senator McCain.

LOSER I believe the people of South Carolina made a very wise decision when they rejected video poker in their state. It was very harmful —  — it was very harmful and very addictive.

The problem with these lotteries is that the poor people are the ones who buy the lottery tickets, and it is a very regressive tax. But I would leave the decision up to the people of South Carolina —

Stanton Thank you.

LOSER — and I will respect and admire their decision.

Stanton Thank you. Also tonight we're going to be taking questions from our audience. And we will begin with a Greenville County farmer, Grady Jones. Mr. Jones?

AUDIENCE I'll address my question to all of you gentlemen. I am a farmer. Most farmers would rather get adequate pay at the marketplace instead of receiving government subsidies to tide them over. Farmers now get paid in most cases less than they got 25 years ago. During this time their production costs have at least quadrupled. What will you do as president to help farmers get sufficient pay for their work?

Stanton Governor Bush?

WINNER I would be a free-trading president, a president that will work tirelessly to open up markets for agricultural products all over the world. I believe our American farmers, whether they be the South Carolinian farmer or the Iowan farmer or the Texas rancher, can compete so long as the playing field is level. That's why I am such a strong advocate of free trade, and that's why I reject protectionism and isolationism, because I think it hurts our American farmers. 

Stanton Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Clearly — clearly the Clinton-Gore administration has made a hash of farm policies as they have everything else. There are several things that have to be done. One is to open up foreign markets — bust them open — they've talked about it, they haven't done it. Number two, stop hurting our existing customers overseas for our farm products and other products, by having the International Monetary Fund and Treasury Department wreck economies by giving them high taxes and trashing their money. We also must get the Federal Reserve on a steady monetary policy instead of raising interest rates, which damages, several damages commodity prices — it happened 15 years ago. We must also enforce antitrust laws, integration in the farm sector, in the food sector. All of these things and others I think would help revive the farmers in America. 

Stanton Thank you, sir. Senator Hatch.

LOSER I am a strong proponent of Freedom to Farm, but with a safety net. We have to make a transition there — have to support the $8.7 billion emergency farm bill. We have the Hatch-Daschle bill that would allow state-inspected meats to be sold throughout the country like foreign meats can be sold. We spent nine percent of our income on food, the lowest in the world. We spend — or should I say 90 days to pay on food — nine percent. It takes 129 days to pay for our taxes. Think about it it's a lot more than our food. I think we have got to do everything we can about vertical and horizontal integration in the antitrust field, and of course I'd do everything to push foreign markets all over the world as president.

Stanton Ambassador Keyes?

LOSER I think it's very critical, first of all, that we recognize that we have to give our farmers access to the kind of capital that they need in order to deal with the challenges that they face in their marketplace, a banking system that is not sensitive to the needs of agriculture is what is destroying the family farm, and we need to change that.

But I would have to disagree with Governor Bush. If you want access to markets abroad, then don't practice this phony free-trade approach. We need to get out of this collective business of bargaining and sit down and make these countries understand if they want access to our markets, they are going to have to give us in exchange something that is of equal value. And the collectivist approach we have been taking hasn't produced that result. 

Stanton Senator McCain.

LOSER The American farmer is the most productive and efficient farmer in the world. He or she can compete anywhere in the world as long as we open the markets to those products. Isolationism and protectionism doesn't work. We should not subsidize ethanol or sugar or any other crop, because then that hurts the American consumer. But I will lower the barriers to United States products coming in the United States in return for any nation that will lower their barriers to United States products, particularly our magnificent and wonderful agricultural products. I am proud of the American farmer. Our trade with Canada has increased, our trade with Mexico has increased, and our farmers have benefited from it. And I believe that one of our jobs is to protect the family farmer in America. And this is the best way to do it. 

Stanton Mr. Bauer?

LOSER I will enforce the antitrust laws of this country. If we ever wake up and our food supply is controlled by a handful of companies and the family farm is dead, we will regret that for the rest of our history.

Free trade is fine, but we don't have free trade. For 10 years in a row we have given China most-favored-nation status, and in exchange they have stuck their finger in our eye. They buy less of our farm products now than they did in the past. Governor Bush and many others up here would give China most-favored-nation status again. I will not. I will withdraw it the first week in office. [applause and cheers]

Stanton Mr. Bauer, thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, thank you. Now Senator Hatch has a question for Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Ambassador Keyes, what is missing from these debates, it seems to me, is a very substantive discussion of what really America needs What are we going to do to — we have been discussing a limited handful of issues through these various debates, and we better begin talking about the problems that are troubling Americans safety of our homes, our families, our schools, our country. And I would like to know what you think we ought to be doing in this area.

LOSER Well, I thank you for the question, Senator Hatch. I think that is quite clear. And I said it over and over again everywhere I go. I believe especially as Republicans we better face the fact we don't have a major economic crisis, we don't have a major international crisis. We have a moral crisis that is claiming the lives of our children — in the schools and in the streets —  — and in the neighborhoods. And we must address that crisis as a matter of top priority. And I don't care who doesn't want to hear it. That means that the number one issue facing this country is the issue that takes us away from the principle that God gave us our rights, and those rights have to be exercised with respect for him. That issue is abortion, and we better address it forthrightly, up front, or we won't deserve to win. [applause and cheers]

Stanton Thank you, ambassador. We're taking another email now — a Columbia minister, the Reverend Eric Skidmore, sent us this "What percentage of your annual income do you share with charitable causes? And how does your household decide how much you will share with those in need each year?" And a viewer called and asked, "Would you be willing to release your income tax returns for the past five years to show us how much?" And we begin with Mr. Forbes. [laughter]

LOSER Well, I just released tax information a few days ago, releasing my income taxes paid and contributions made to charity. I believe it's about 7 to 8 percent of the income goes to charity each year, and I'm proud of it and I hope to do more in the future. So I have released the information.

I think one of the great strengths of America today is the willingness of the American people to give. No other nation does it the way we do, and that's why I want to get rid of this corrupt tax code, allow the American people to genuinely keep more of what they earn. And that way, when they have more, they give more. With my tax plan, they'll have more and there'll be more charitable giving. 

Stanton Senator Hatch.

LOSER The answer is yes. And I have to say that Elaine and I try to — as I said before, I can't even lift Steve's wallet. But the fact of the matter is, Elaine and I give about 11 percent of our gross income to charity, and we're going to continue to do that because we think it's the right thing to do in this country. And as far as I'm concerned, we don't have anything to hide, if people want to see what we make, to understand how really poor we are. [laughter]

Stanton Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER The answer to the question — I really don't know what percentage we give. Two things are true, though. I have no problem with folks knowing how little, in point of fact, I make in the way of income. I do have a problem, though, with the whole assumption we have in this society, based on our income tax system, that it is, in fact, legitimate to invade the privacy of individuals or anybody else.

I think the income tax system has utterly corrupted our sense of liberty, and that's why I think it ought to be abolished.  And such returns should not have to be given or exposed to anybody — not mine, not yours, not anyone's. But I believe, in addition to that, that the whole business of the tax deduction corrupts the spirit of charity. And that's also why we need to get rid of the income tax so we will really give freely, not out of any selfish interest. 

Stanton Senator McCain.

LOSER Several years ago, Congress enacted a pay raise, and my constituents didn't think we needed it. I don't know if that was a personal view or of Congress in general. Ever since then, I've been giving my pay raises to charity, and I think that comes out to around $30,000, $30,000 or $40,000. Cindy also and I have a very large charitable trust.

But, you know, I'm not here to hype my book, "Faith of My Fathers," $24.95, Random House; been on the best-seller list for four months. I'm not here to hype that at all, because I wouldn't even mention it except it had the most remote connection, and that is that I got $500,000 advance from Random House. I gave my half of that, which I shared with my co-author, to charity. And I continue to give those proceeds to charity. 

Stanton Mr. Bauer.

LOSER I just — before I answer the question, I'd like to get a pledge from you that if you're involved in a Democratic debate, to be sure to ask Al Gore this question. [applause and laughter]

Stanton Mr. Bauer, I can assure you, if we're involved in the Democratic debate, we will ask the vice president that question.

LOSER My background is Southern Baptist. My wife and I are in a non-denominational church right now. We take very seriously the biblical call to tithe. We give about 10 percent of our income every year. And my flat-tax plan, by the way, continues to allow charitable contributions to be tax-deductible, unlike Mr. Forbes, which I think is a very important thing for us to do.

Stanton Governor Bush.

WINNER I think it's important for people in public life to reveal their income tax returns. I have done so ever since I've been the governor of the state of Texas. Laura and I try to contribute as generously as possible. I'm not sure of the percentage to which we have given to charities. I believe non-itemizers ought to be allowed to deduct charitable giving from their returns.

Let me tell you, the great strength of America and why I'm so optimistic about our country's future is that the great strength of our country lies in the hearts and souls of decent citizens, not in the halls of government. I intend to rally the armies of compassion all across America, should I become the president, to help people in need with people... 

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor Bush. Ambassador Keyes, it is your turn to ask a question of Senator McCain.

LOSER Senator McCain, yesterday we got into a discussion of the question of homosexuals in the military. And I wasn't quite sure that everyone understood exactly what your position was. I have signed the following pledge "In the interest of national security and the morale of our armed forces, if elected president of the United States, I pledge to reinstitute the ban on homosexuals serving in our nation's military."  Would you join me — would you join me, sir, in signing that pledge?

LOSER No, I will not, Alan. And you know very well that when people like General Colin Powell, General Norman Schwarzkopf, and the military leaders that you and I respect say that this policy is a good one — by the way, it should not be abandoned, as the two leading presidential candidates on the Democratic — it's a disgraceful statement on the part of Senator Bradley and Vice President Gore to say that they would only appoint a chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff who would accept gays in the military. That is a total destruction of the entire concept of the military. And we should, as Americans, reject such a thing because of the harmful effects it will have on the military of the United States of America. No, I will not. I will support the present policy. 

MODERATOR And so we continue, well, I think with a few exceptions perhaps, from Columbia, South Carolina tonight. We're going to take a break. Our coverage of our debate this evening, part of Decision 2000, will continue right after this.

[television break]

MODERATOR And welcome back. On behalf of NBC News, MSNBC and WIS Television in Columbia, South Carolina, this is our live coverage of this evening's debate among the six presidential candidates for the GOP nomination for president. We are back. David Stanton will continue the questioning.

Stanton And the next question is a question from Mr. Bauer to ask of Governor Bush.

LOSER Yes. Thank you very much. Governor Bush, this is the fourth time in a row that I've drawn your name to ask the first question to. I think the odds are 10,000 to one. I think I'm going to keep drawing your name until you actually answer the question. [laughter]

WINNER Starting off with an incredible cheap shot.

LOSER Governor, just a few weeks ago, we transferred the Panama Canal back to Panama. Bill Clinton sent Jimmy Carter there to do it. I believe our national security is at stake in Panama. We've got a growing Chinese influence there. They've got the land on both ends of the canal. If I'm president, I'm going to look at how I can reassert American military forces there. Are you willing to take the steps necessary, including putting our military back in Panama, in order to stop the Chinese from taking over influence there?

WINNER Here's what I'm willing to do.

LOSER Okay.

WINNER First, I ran for the United States Congress in 1978 in West Texas, came in second place in a two-man race. [laughter] But during the course of the campaign, I opposed the Panama Canal Treaty. Now, our country has signed a treaty. I believe we ought to honor the treaty. But when I'm the president, if I find in any way, shape or form the canal is closed to world interests, I will do whatever it takes to keep the canal open. It is in our national strategic interest to have a peaceful hemisphere. It is in our national strategic interest to have a hemisphere in which trade can flow freely. And I will liberate the canal if I have to.

LOSER Do you see a threat from China in the canal, sir?

WINNER Well, we'll just wait and see. We'll wait and see.

MODERATOR Gentlemen, thank you. Again, this question will be for all of you. And we are also joined tonight by reporter Stephanie Trotter of our NBC television station in Greenville, South Carolina, WYFF.

Trotter Thank you, Brian. Gentlemen, I'm curious. As an adult, what is the biggest mistake that you've made, and what lesson did you learn from it?

LOSER Say it again. Have her say it again.

Trotter One more time, so everybody can hear. Our viewers are curious. On a personal note, what is the biggest mistake you made as an adult, and what lesson did you learn from it?

WINNER Would you like me to start?

MODERATOR No, we're going to begin with Senator Hatch.

LOSER I don't know what the question is. I couldn't quite understand it.

MODERATOR The question is — if we could have Stephanie Trotter repeat the question one more time on the microphone.

Trotter Our viewers would like to know, what is the biggest mistake you made as an adult, and what lesson did you learn from it?

LOSER Well, I've made so many of them in my life that I'm not sure I can pick any one of them.  I mean, let's just face it. I've made a lot of mistakes. I think one of the mistakes in this campaign was filing on July 1st, so late. But don't worry; don't count me out.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, same question.

LOSER In hearing that question, I think about the biggest mistake I might make as an adult would be to treat that as if it's a question that is appropriate to be asked. [applause and cheers]

Trotter 

LOSER And I say that quite frankly. I think that we have to understand that there ought to be in our public life a certain decorum, a certain dignity. There are things that I'll tell my priest in the confessional that I will not tell you or any other American. [cheers]

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Ambassador.

LOSER But I'll say this. I'll say this. In terms of what I deeply believe to be relevant for the purposes of running for president and the job that I would have to do for the American people and so forth and so on, I think that maybe the biggest mistake I have made in my public life, before I got involved in this presidential race, was not to have spoken out on the issue of the life of the unborn before I did.

MODERATOR Mr. Ambassador —

LOSER I spent all those years working on foreign policy and did not pay enough attention to the fact —

MODERATOR Mr. Ambassador, thank you —

LOSER — that there were those not championing this issue.

MODERATOR Thank you for your answer.

LOSER And I'm glad I finally came forward on it.

MODERATOR Mr. Ambassador, thank you for your answer.  Senator McCain.

LOSER Well, for a long time, I thought the biggest mistake I made in my life might have been when I was sitting in the ready room of an aircraft carrier in the Philippines and a guy came on board and said, "We're looking for volunteers to switch over to another carrier." [laughter] Something happened to my arm.

But in reality, the biggest mistake that I made in my life was attending a meeting with four other senators and four regulators because of the appearance of impropriety. It's something that will always be a mark on my record and something that people will judge me for for the rest of my life.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, thank you.  Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Well, I just want to point out to you, ma'am, that if you asked the president of the United States that question, it would be an essay answer. [cheers] I'm not going to tell you the greatest personal mistake I've ever made, because it is personal, but I'll tell you the biggest political mistake I ever made.

I made a presentation to the president of the United States, Ronald Reagan, in the Cabinet Room, and I made the mistake of citing to him a poll. And his face turned blood-red and he pointed his finger at me and he said, "Gary, don't cite polls. Tell me the best thing to do for America." I've never forgotten those words, and those words will carry us back into the White House. 

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, thank you. Governor Bush.

WINNER Well, as you know, I've had a perfect background. 

MODERATOR Haven't we all, sir?

WINNER After all, I was raised by Barbara Bush. [laughter and applause] As you may remember, I was in the business world at one time. I was the managing partner, managing general partner of the mighty Texas Rangers. I signed off on that wonderful transaction — Sammy Sosa for Harold Baines. [laughter]

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor. Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Well, like my colleagues here tonight, I've made my share of personal mistakes. And fortunately, none of us here tonight, put together, will match what has been done in the White House in the last seven and a half years. [cheers and applause]

But on a professional basis, when I was young and inexperienced, I wrote some magazine columns in which, when I was in my 20s, I saw merit in things like raising the gasoline tax, raising the age for Social Security retirees, and things like that. But I've learned and grown. That's why I have the positions I have today. And I hope the rest of my colleagues in the Republican Party will have the same growth. 

Stanton Thank you, Mr. Forbes. And now we're going to pair the candidates off to discuss particular issues. We begin with Ambassador Keyes and Mr. Forbes. And the issue is negative advertising. Are you concerned that if you have negative advertising towards each other in the Republican primaries that that will hurt the eventual nominee in the general election? Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Well, two things. First of all, I myself don't believe in any form of kind of negative campaigning. I think that it's important, however, that we be honest and forthright about our differences on the issues. That is not negative campaigning. That's our obligation to the people of this country. And so if I disagree with Senator McCain or Governor Bush or Mr. Forbes or Gary Bauer or Senator Hatch on an important issue and point that out in an ad or anywhere else, that's not negative campaigning. It's an effort to illustrate the choice before the people.

But if we turn it into a contest of personalities and snide remarks and efforts to make the American people think that there's something wrong at a personal level with others in the race, I think that shows a lack of respect for each other and for the process, and we shouldn't so degrade it. 

Stanton Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Mine has always been a campaign of issues and ideas. I believe that the American people want an honest, open and vigorous debate about issues. One of the issues, for example, is taxation. I want to get rid of this tax code. A couple of my opponents do not. I think we need a vigorous and open debate on that in detail. If you make a tax pledge, I believe you should keep it. I want that kind of honest and vigorous debate.

And I think Alan is exactly right. We don't want to get into personalities. We do want to get into principle and substance. That is what we had in the Lincoln-Douglas debates. That is what we had with the debate about the ratification of our Constitution. And I think today, as we go in the new century, these kind of issues — health care, education, Social Security, taxes, the life issue —

Stanton Time's up.

LOSER — we do need an honest, open and vigorous debate.

Stanton Thank you, sir.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, thank you.  Our next pairing of sorts will be Senator McCain and Governor Bush. And gentlemen, starting with the senator, the subject again is taxes.

LOSER Well, Governor, I know your people are running around saying that your tax cut is bigger than mine, that yours is bigger than mine. [laughter] I think the phrase they use is the tax gap between Bush and McCain. I'm more concerned about the surplus gap. It's fiscally irresponsible to promise a huge tax cut that is based on a surplus that we may not have.

My tax plan is fiscally conservative. It's about the same as yours for middle-income and lower-income Americans. It places a top priority on saving Social Security. It offers a needed tax break for middle-income people. And it begins paying down the national debt. My friends, we ought to pay down the national debt.  George, the American people are tired of people who make promises, who make promises about tax cuts that they can't keep.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you. Governor?

WINNER The senator and I have a fundamental disagreement. Let me see if I can put it in human terms for you. Chris and Beth Bradley came to the airport today. They make $42,000 a year in income. Under the plan that you laid out, Mr. Senator, here in South Carolina, they will receive a $200 tax cut. Under the plan that I have proposed and will get through the United States Congress, they'd receive a $1,852 tax cut. 

I believe — and the fundamental difference, the fundamental difference is that the additional $1,600, the difference will go to Washington under your idea. And under my idea, it goes in the people's pockets.  There is enough money — there is enough money to take care of Social Security. There is enough money to meet the basic needs of our government. And there is enough money to give the American people a substantial tax cut, and that's exactly what I'm going to do.

Stanton Thank you, Governor Bush.  And the next pairing is Mr. Bauer and Senator Hatch. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, which includes South Carolina, has issued a ruling on the Miranda warning. That's the warning that police give to suspects. They've said that if police fail to give that warning, then the evidence that is gathered is not necessarily excluded. The U.S. Supreme Court is considering that. Do you think the Miranda warnings have a place in our criminal justice system?

LOSER You know, I think what we've done for over 30 years with unelected liberal judges is favor the criminal over the victim.  Now, we all want to observe the Constitution and to follow its provisions. But when the penalty for a policeman's mistake is to put a criminal back out on the street then we are hurting America, we are hurting our law-abiding citizens.

When I am president of the United States, my judges will be traditional conservative judges. They will favor the citizen, not the criminal, they will be pro-life, they will stop remaking America in the image of American liberalism and start remaking it in the image of American conservatism. 

Stanton Senator Hatch.

LOSER I agree with everything that Gary said, but this involves a Congressional enactment after Miranda was upheld by the Supreme Court. The Congressional enactment is in Section 3501 that basically says that if a person commits a crime and they voluntarily confess, that confession is admissible into a court of law. That's right. That's the way it should be.

But this makes it a bigger point. I have said the most important single issue in this campaign is after Clinton will have appointed 50 percent of the federal judiciary and two Supreme Court justices, one of us is going to appoint the other 50 percent and up to five Supreme Court justices. And I can tell you if we don't do it right, and if we don't know what we're doing, we're going to see the death penalty go, we're going to see preferences throughout this country in quotas. We're going to see all kinds of changes that you can't believe, like losing the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. And I could go on and on.

MODERATOR Senator —

LOSER And this is an important issue, and it's one of the most important issues in the whole goldarn campaign.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you.  Now we — we go back now to the format of one candidate asking a question of the other now. Governor Bush with a question for Senator Hatch.

WINNER Senator Hatch, as you know, my good friend John McCain and I, have a dispute over campaign funding laws. I believe the McCain-Feingold bill will hurt the Republican Party and hurt conservative causes.

I want you to answer to me — you've been involved in this debate on the floor of the Senate — would you please explain to me and the folks of South Carolina why so many Republican Senators rejected the McCain-Feingold campaign funding reform bill?

LOSER Why should I or any other Republican be for a bill that is unconstitutional, that leaves all the First Amendment rights for the public interest groups to speak and do whatever they want to and to raise any kind of monies they want to, and takes away those First Amendment rights from the two political parties? That's ridiculous.  I've got to tell you, we can't do that.

Have you ever — have you ever wondered why all of the Democrats love McCain-Feingold and hardly any Republicans do? Well, think it through Because it would hurt the Republican Party. You're looking the guy that as a brand-new freshman Senator, fought through labor law reform that protected all of the South from being — having forced unionization on it.

And I can tell you this John is starting to sound like the accordion player who only knows one tune, "Lady of Spain."

MODERATOR Senator, on that note — [laughter and applause]

LOSER That was a little tough, I've got to admit.

MODERATOR We give you credit for mixing in foreign policy tonight.

LOSER Can I respond to that?

MODERATOR Could we give Senator McCain 30 seconds to respond — get a response from Senator McCain?

LOSER You know, George, I've always thought that what's best for the country is best for the party. The real scandal in Washington, along with Monica Lewinsky, was the debasement of every institution of government. You are defending an illegal system. You are defending a system that has caused the debasement of every institution of government, and it's got to be stopped.

Al Gore said there's no controlling legal authority. Well, I'll give him a controlling legal authority. With John McCain as president, there will be a controlling legal authority. It is now legal in the United States of America for a Chinese Army-owned corporation to give unlimited amounts of money to an American political campaign — we're awash in it.

You've got a supporter right now that's running attack ads on me —

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator.

LOSER And by the way, I wish you'd change the picture. And these attack ads are being by people that he won't even disclose.

MODERATOR Senator, a few seconds. Gentlemen, we've got to move on, and the next question is from Senator McCain for Mr. Forbes.

LOSER It's interesting in the last debate and through most of this one, there has been no discussion of foreign policy, Steve. I think it's still important. I think the state of our military is still important. I think the fact that we have a president of the United States, a National Security Adviser, a Secretary of State and a Secretary of Defense, none of whom have ever spent one minute wearing the uniform of the United States of America's military is a disgrace. And we're going to change it. 

I want to — I want to talk to you about Russia. You're concerned about Russia, I'm concerned about Russia. We're concerned about Chechnya and we're concerned about the Caucasus and Georgia, and the oil and gas reserves that are there, and I'm particularly interested in your views of Mr. Putin and what we can expect, and how you would handle our relations with Russia at this particular moment.

LOSER Thank you, Senator. I think that our relations with Russia today are another prime example of the lack of a foreign policy of the Clinton-Gore administration. The way they're applauding this coup that just took place where the thieving oligarchs of the Kremlin told Yeltsin "Get out, and we'll let you keep your illegal gains, and let your family keep their illegal gains, and this way we can move the election up, have the war fever from Chechnya."

The war in Chechnya is simply an election ploy. It's also, I fear, part of the first step of the old Russian nationalists of reestablishing the old Soviet Empire. Chechnya today, perhaps Georgia tomorrow, Armenia after that. So it's a disaster, and Clinton and Gore have been negligent in not denouncing what's happening in Chechnya.

Stanton Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Green light. 

Stanton And our final audience question tonight comes from the mayor of Arcadia Lakes about 10 miles from here, Joan Brady.

Brady First let me offer some Southern hospitality and welcome you gentlemen to the state of South Carolina. My question deals with Internet taxation. Many small-town merchants and big-city downtown businessmen are very concerned with the increasing amount of consumer purchases that are being non-taxed over the Internet.

My question Does this pose unfair competition for our local merchants? And also are municipalities and states missing out on a possible revenue resource?

Stanton Gentlemen, you have 30 seconds each, because we're short on time, and we'll begin with Governor Bush.

WINNER I think it's too early to know what the effects are. That's why I support the moratorium on Internet taxation. And I'll support it for another three to five years, until we know. We've had people on this stage say that e-commerce is going to help mom and pop businesses on the town squares all across America. They may be right. John, you may be right. I don't know and neither do you, and so therefore I think it makes sense —

LOSER I do.

WINNER — to extend the moratorium.

Stanton Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I believe the moratorium should be made permanent, because the Internet is allowing the growth of commerce in America. It's stimulating commerce. It also means more jobs, people delivering products, it stimulates the sales. And that's why we should not be raising sales taxes, as my good colleague here tried to do in Texas, and we should be reducing the level of taxation, not raising it.

"Tax" should not be part of the vocabulary of the Republican Party. 

Stanton Time's up. Senator Hatch.

LOSER We are living at a miracle moment in time. This is the new millennium, and this is one of the greatest industries in the world. We lead the world in it. We don't know where it's going to go. I know that most women, like my wife Elaine, like to go and walk through the stores and touch the things that they buy. So I'm not afraid of that.

And I think we ought to keep taxes out of the Internet. And if there comes a time when they have to be in there because of fairness, that's another matter. But right now, I'm totally against having any taxation of the Internet.

Stanton Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER Well, I think it's important while it's a fledgling area to continue the moratorium on taxation. I think it would be a mistake to make that moratorium permanent. Two things.

First, no tax on access to the Internet. Participation is the lifeblood of the Internet. But I don't see any reason to assume that Internet businesses aren't going to become robust enough to bear the same level of support for the community that other businesses bear and since we ought to abolish the income tax and move to a national sales tax, I would not want to exclude that area of commerce from national taxation under a sales tax when we have abolished the income tax.

Stanton Senator McCain. 

LOSER If we had had Internet taxation over the holiday, American citizens would have paid an additional $600 million in taxes. This Internet tax moratorium should be made permanent, it should be made permanent today. The American people are taking advantage of a wonderful new opportunity with this technology. We should do everything we can to encourage it.

There was a recent study that showed if we put in this sales tax, that we would have impacted the Internet by as much as 24 percent. The American people deserve to have this tax moratorium made permanent. And anybody who is opposed to it is obviously in support of a massive tax increase.

Stanton Time's up, sir. Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Yes, I support keeping the Internet tax-free. But I am not going to be cavalier about what small mom and pop operations on Main Street are facing. They already get the short end of the stick. They're overtaxed, they're overregulated. So while I'll keep the Internet tax-free, as president I will fight to lower taxes on those small mom and pop stores, all over the country. If Main Street dies in America, a part of America will die that we need to keep.

MODERATOR That concludes the question-and-answer —  — thank you, Mr. Bauer. That concludes the question-and-answer format for this debate. It is now time for our closing statements. Each candidate will have 45 seconds. We're going to begin this evening with Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Well, thank you all very much for having this debate tonight. I'm a conservative Republican. I put forth a bold agenda. It reflects those conservative principles. The lobbyists in Washington have no hooks in me. The kingmakers, the political deal-makers — they have no hooks in me.

I can do what is right for the American people. And that's why I proposed getting rid of this federal income tax, giving you a genuine tax cut, a massive tax cut for the American people, allowing you to choose your own doctors, allowing you to choose your own schools, allowing you to be in charge of Social Security rather than the Washington politicians and rebuilding our military.

I ask for your support. Together we can do great things for America.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, thank you.  Mr. Forbes, thank you. Senator Hatch.

LOSER We are dealing with the current administration, which is perhaps the most deceitful and the most corrupt in history. And frankly, we've got to do something about it and that's why all of us are running in part.

We've got to restore to the White House somebody who has an impeccable example to set for our children, who is willing to go to the movie industry and the music industry and the videogame industry and other industries and say it's time to get together and get rid of the pornography and the obscenity, and all of the swear words and all of the other things that are wrecking our lives of our children.

And I think that's something that any one of us here can bring to the presidency of the United States. If I didn't think I could do a better job, I wouldn't be running, so I'm asking for your support.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you.  Ambassador Keyes.

LOSER I thought I'd ask the question Where have all the conservatives gone? We have folks standing up here who follow Clinton's policies on free trade, follow his policies on Social Security follow his policies in other areas, and still want us to believe that they're conservatives who want to adopt an approach to campaign finance reform that violates our fundamental rights as citizens.

I think it's time we got back to real conservatism control of our money, control of our schools, control of our country, control of ourselves based on a restored sense of moral principle that puts the God who gave us our rights back in this position of authority. I think it's time to renew our allegiance to those principles and strengthen our march into the next century.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, thank you.  Senator McCain.

LOSER I want to thank all of you for being here tonight. I'm a proud conservative Republican with a 17-year conservative record. I want to return the government to the people. I want to reform the institutions of government, education and the military, the tax code. I want to get the influence of the big money and the trial lawyers and the labor unions out of our business and give the government back to you. And once we do that, then I will be able to inspire a generation of Americans to causes greater than their self-interest. Please join me in this great crusade. 

MODERATOR Senator McCain, thank you. And Mr. Bauer.

LOSER I worked for Ronald Reagan for eight years. I was his Undersecretary of Education and his Domestic Policy Advisor at the White House. My biggest concern is that our party might forget what he taught us about how to be the governing party of the United States.

We have to offer a clear, bold alternative. I will do that. My judges will be pro-life. I will get rid of the education bureaucracy and give vouchers and tuition tax credits to parents. I will make sure that taxes are lower. I will follow a Reagan policy toward China. And to every veteran here tonight and watching on TV, in one year, if I'm elected, you will have a commander-in-chief you can respect again.

Stanton Mr. Bauer, thank you.  Governor Bush.

WINNER I'm looking forward to taking my campaign to the people of South Carolina and I'm asking for your vote. I appreciate Senator Strom Thurmond's strong support. I appreciate the Lieutenant-Governor, the Attorney General, the Speaker's strong support. I appreciate former Governors Beasley and Campbell's strong support.

I'm going to remind the people of South Carolina I'm the one person on this stage who has ever been elected to an executive position. I've been the governor of the state of Texas. I have cut taxes, I have reformed welfare, and I have insisted upon educational excellence for every child. I'll cut the taxes, I'll strengthen the military, I will bring a conservative agenda that is compassionate for all Americans —

Stanton Governor Bush —

WINNER — should I become the president.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor Bush.  Thank you all for attending this debate with us. And that is our time for tonight. On behalf of NBC News, MSNBC and WIS television in Columbia, South Carolina, I'm BrianMODERATOR for David Stanton and all the folks gathered here tonight in Columbia, South Carolina. Good night, everybody. 


MODERATOR Good evening from Des Moines. In just six weeks in the balmy closing days of January, out here in the nation's heartland, the good people of Iowa, hundreds of thousands of them, will gather in caucuses across this state — Democrats and Republicans alike. They will gather in city halls and in churches and in school buildings, also in kitchens. They'll discuss politics and they will decide who they'd like to have be their next president of the United States.

And tonight, on this stage for the first time in Iowa in this electoral season, we have all six of the Republican presidential candidates for what we know will be a spirited 90 minutes. John.

BACHMAN Well the Iowa Caucuses are a unique part of the American political process, and in more than 21 precincts — 2,100 precincts across our state, neighbors will gather to conduct party business. And as Tom said, to express their presidential preference. And because these are the first in the nation caucuses, their influence extends well beyond the Iowa borders, Tom.

MODERATOR And we're going to try to do something a little different tonight to engage all of you in this process, and with the cooperation of the candidates as well, will not have any bells or buzzers to signal the end of their time. We have asked them to confine their questions — their answers to one minute, and any follow-up response to about 30 seconds. Now, there are no trapdoors beneath their seats so if they go over that we're going to have find a way to cut them off and move on. And we're going to move through this tonight by not going just in auto-rotation. We will have questions for the various candidates. Everyone will get a fair shake this evening, but we're not going to go in rote step.

BACHMAN We have some questions from viewers and we will work them in throughout the course of the evening. The candidates will be able to ask one question of another candidate and each candidate will have 60 seconds for a closing statement. And in the audience tonight are guests of the Iowa Republican Party, and also guests of WHO-TV.

MODERATOR John, let's begin by introducing the people that we've all come here to hear tonight. Beginning at my left, Steve Forbes, a well-known publisher who is running for a second time here in Iowa; Alan Keyes, former assistant secretary of state and ambassador; George W. Bush, the governor of the state of Texas.

BACHMAN Next to him, the senior U.S. senator from Utah, Orrin Hatch. Also with us, the senior U.S. senator from Arizona, John McCain; and former Reagan administration official, Gary Bauer. Tom.

MODERATOR Gentlemen let's begin. Today Time magazine, the newspapers and television and radio were filled with the blood-chilling accounts of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold and the videotapes that they left behind before they engaged in that cold-blooded massacre at Columbine High School. In those videotapes, they invoke guns and video games and movies. Now if past patterns are any guide, all three of those industries will disclaim any responsibility for what happened at Littleton High School.

Senator McCain, first of all, welcome to Iowa.

MCCAIN Nice to be back. [Laughter]

MODERATOR Do you think that the gun industry, the video game industry and Hollywood have any role in what happened at Columbine High?

MCCAIN Absolutely. And there's one other group of Americans and that is families — families and communities and neighborhoods — because that's where the responsibility begins and ends.

But I've been saying for a long time, Tom, that it's not just the availability of guns, although obviously it existing laws have to be enforced and we have to do other things such as pursue technology that only allows the owner of a gun to fire it.

But we've all known that there's very pernicious influences that are being felt by our children. In this tapes you were describing they talk about a specific video game and a specific character in that game. That should chill us all. We parents should know what arechildren are seeing. When Cindy and I come home, our kids are in their rooms on the Internet. I can't tell you I always know why my children are watching. I can't tell you exactly what they're seeing when they go to the mall. It's my responsibility.

But I believe that when we're wiring every school and library in America to the Internet, that each of those schools and libraries should have filtering software to filter out that stuff. About a year ago there was a young boy in the Phoenix library that was watching pornography at the Phoenix library on the Internet. He walked out and molested a 4-year-old boy.

There is an influence. We need to know what it is, and we need to know why we're robbing our children of the most precious treasure and that's their innocence.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, when your father became president, he promised the nation that he would try to have a kinder, gentler nation, and despite his best efforts, things are a lot worse off now than they were when he took office. Is there anything specifically that a president of the United States can do to interrupt what seems to be an evolving cultural violence and rage in America?

BUSH You know, one of the interesting parts of the question is that there's so much focus on the Dow Jones industrial average today, and that's fine. I mean, if you listen to folks in Washington they think everything is great.

There is a problem with heart in America. One of the great frustrations is being a governor is I wish I knew of the law that'd make people love another, because I'd sign it.

But I do know that we can institute programs of faith and goodwill, that our society ought to welcome the mentoring programs and after-school programs — people whose whole mission is in life to change hearts, to love a neighbor in need, people who hear the universal call that I'm going to love a neighbor just like I want to be loved myself.

And so while there's a lot of focus on the economy, and that's fine, the next president of the United States must tap into the great strength of America, which are the hearts and souls of decent Americans. You see, that's where the greatness of America lies, it doesn't lie in the halls of government.

MODERATOR Ambassador, specifically, however, besides engaging in that kind of discussion and invoking those kinds of mottos, what do you think a president can do these days that would make a real difference in interrupting this culture of violence that is so prevalent in so many communities?

KEYES I think the first thing we have to do is restore this country's allegiance to its basic moral principles. We express great shock and outrage that we are bloodying thehallways of our schools with the blood of our children. What about the blood of our children killed in the womb on the basis of a doctrine that completely rejects the basic principles on which this nation was founded?

If our rights come from God, then we ought to shape our children's consciences in the fear of God. And I think that what we're seeing in our schools is the direct result of our failure to respect that heritage and to pass it on.

So the first thing I would want to do is, is get us back to that road, with a human life amendment that respects life and restores our respect for the will of God. Then let's turn those schools back over to responsible parents so that we can put faith and prayer back in the classroom. And the shaping of the conscience and the fear of God will then become once again the everyday business of our schools. I think we can clear up the void only by filling that void once again with the faith this country was founded on.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, do you think that there's a direct connection between Roe vs. Wade and the violence that we see in schools these days?

HATCH Sure do. There's an insensitivity to the — to the — to life in our society today. When you have 40 million babies that have been aborted since Roe vs. Wade, there comes an insensitivity that affects all of us. But I'll tell you what I'd do. I think the first thing the president of the United States ought to do in order to try and change things is not expect from the American people something that he, himself is not willing to do. I think the president of the United States ought to set a moral tone in this country, and ought to do what's right. He ought to be a person of integrity and decency. When he goes to the movie industry — a person like this. And that's what I'd try to bring.

And I go to the movie industry, and I go the video tape industry, and I go the music industry, I'll have a moral power to talk to those people and say, "Look, let's get together. There's too much obscenity, pornography, violence, and crime in our society today, and it's about time you people started living up to your responsibilities as well.

These young kids that have committed these murders — let me tell you something, one in particular mentioned that it was the videotape "Doom" — video game "Doom" that he was playing — the kid in West Paducah, Kentucky. He had never shot a gun before, to my knowledge. He went in there and knew exactly what to do, because he'd been playing these video games. They learn how to rape. They learn to murder. They learn how to treat other human beings wrongfully. And I'll tell you, I'd set an example. I think that's the first thing that the President can do and should do. And I think the American people will follow suit.

BACHMAN Thank you, Mr. Hatch.

Mr. Bauer, you have talked about reshaping the morals of this nation. When Iowans think about morality, they turn to their churches and their synagogues for guidance. And here in Iowa, the main-line churches have talked about tighter gun control restrictions than you — than really any of the six here. The top three churches in Iowa — the denominations — Roman Catholic, ELCA, and Methodist all have statements on this. And the United Methodists calling for a ban on the possession, and manufacture, and sale ofhandguns. Are you asking to reshape the morals of the churches?

BAUER Well, I think the churches should leave to politicians, discussions about the regulation of various industries.

The churches ought to be talking about the human heart, about the soul of America. And I think part of the problem is that some so-called, as you put it, main-line churches are passing resolutions about gun control instead of asking the questions about what's happened in American society since that time so many years ago when the founding fathers said we were a shining city on a hill, that our liberty came from God.

You had the reference to Time magazine. Eric and Dylan were coming to school every day, and they were giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. The teachers thought that was part of their free speech to do that. But if a teacher at Columbine had come up to those kids and said, you know what Eric, I know you're going through some problems, but God loves you. He has a place in the world for you, that teacher would have been in trouble.

A president — let me just say one thing — a president can do something about this. He can put judges on the court that understand that our liberty comes from God, that he's the author of it. And that only a virtuous people can remain free. And that ultimately will be a lot more important than passing another gun law.

BACHMAN Are you saying to the churches, though, that gun control is not a moral issue?

BAUER No, I think gun control — who in America wants Eric and Dylan to have a gun? They violated 17 gun laws that day. The deeper question is why did two American boys do to fellow human beings what it would be impossible to imagine an American child doing to cats or dogs. What did we do in America to so undermine the sanctity of life that we could raise a couple of kids with empty hearts? And I think that part of it is that we undermine the sanctity of life by telling our children that they've got a Constitutional right to take innocent human life if it's in their way.

BACHMAN Governor Bush, you are in favor of some gun controls. Do you hear the concerns of the churches on relating gun control to...

BUSH I'm in favor of keeping guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them, like felons and juveniles. But I'm for enforcing the laws on the books. I think the churchmen here in Iowa ought to hear that if we enforce the laws on the books, if we send a clear signal to people that we're going to hold you accountable for breaking the law, that they'll realize society'll be safer.

In my state of Texas, we've done just that. We've — we've armed DA's with extra money to prosecute people who break the law. There's a lot of laws on the books around the states and in the federal government. And we need to send a signal to people.

Don't be illegally selling guns and don't be illegally using guns. I think the best accountability for somebody who breaks the law with a gun is called jail — certain jail.

But I also know we need to have laws that keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them. I mean, that's why I'm for instant background checks. I think that's a system that when properly employed will work, and work well. And that's the kind of law and that's the kind of president I'm going to be if I win the vote.

BACHMAN Mr. Forbes, I want to give you the opportunity to speak on both of these questions — go all the way back to Tom and your response.

FORBES Well, obviously it does begin with us as parents, as neighbors, as citizens — teaching our young people a strong sense of right and wrong. It also means giving parents choice to choose schools that they think are best for their children, so they don't have to worry that what they're trying to teach at home is being undermined in school in terms of morals and values. And so that is a critical part of it, too.

And enforcement sends a very strong message. The Clinton-Gore administration's been full of pious palaver about the need, about doing more about guns. But look what they've done. Prosecutions for crimes committed with firearms — federal crimes — way down. What message does that send? Felons who try to get guns — they won't let them buy the gun, but they don't prosecute them for trying to get the gun. So prosecutions are way down. You bring a gun to a school, John, and there is only one chance in a thousand you're going to be prosecuted. What message does that send?

So it also, as Gary and others have indicated, and very forcefully said, it also gets back to life. And not just life in the womb, not just life as adolescents, but also life in the older years for the elderly and the infirm. And as a father of five daughters, my wife Sabina and I have been worried sick over the years of what the culture is doing and undermining what we're trying to teach at home. So it all combines together.

BACHMAN But you're saying to the mainline churches here in Iowa that they're wrong in this.

FORBES I'm saying to the mainline churches You have a critical task in making sure — not making sure, but trying to inculcate with us a strong sense of right and wrong, that life is indeed a God-endowed right. If you believe that life is a state-created right or state-endowed right, then what you're saying is those who have the power determine who lives and who doesn't.

And we've seen in this century the bloody consequences of not realizing there's a higher authority, that there is God, and that life emanates from God and God only.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, let's move on to health care if we can. Medicare. Do you think it's broken?

MCCAIN Sure.

MODERATOR And what would you do about it?

MCCAIN Well, there's so many facets of the Medicare problem, including the demographics of an aging baby-boomer generation. We've got to have a place to start, and I think a great place to start would have been the commission that John Breaux and Senate Congressman Thomas headed that had the best minds of America in — together. And they had a good blueprint for a way that we could begin to address this multifaceted issue. It would take — we could have this town hall meeting just about those.

Let me talk to you about one issue that's come up in town hall meeting after town hall meeting that I've had, and that's prescription drugs for senior citizens. We're asking senior citizens now to make a choice between their health and their income. They make too much money to be on Medicare, and not enough to obviously pay for these drugs. We've got to devise a program that when a senior spends a certain part of their income on these prescription drugs that we'll have a state and federal match for it. We can't do that to our senior citizens.

Another serious issue is 11 million children that are without health insurance, that we've got to expand the children's health insurance program. There's a variety of areas that we have to work on, Tom, because Medicare is probably the most difficult challenge that we face in the next century because it has a lot to do with other things besides money. And I'll tell you what — I have the guts to take the money where it shouldn't be spent in Washington and put it where it should be spent, including10 percent of the surplus.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, why not have means testing for Medicare? Why should someone who earns my kind of income, for example, pay and get the same kind of coverage as a school teacher or someone who works on a farm here in Iowa? Take an investment banker and put him up against a cop. Why can't people who earn more money help make it possible for older Americans who have real need to get prescription drugs under their coverage?

HATCH Well first of all, I don't think you're going to ask for Medicare with the amount of money you make. [Laughter] In fact, I think you could take care of all of us right up here on the dais with what you make, and maybe everybody in the audience as well. You never know.

Let me just say this. There are 40 million people on Medicare. By 2035, there will be 80 million people on Medicare. Medicare's in trouble. This president had a chance to change it. He had a chance to solve it. We would have passed the Breaux-Thomas recommendations. They wouldn't have solved it all. It's got to be much more well thought out than that. And every possible consideration has to be placed on the table.

What I would do as president, I would get together the very best people in the industry — the actuaries, the accountants, the doctors, the lawyers, the experts that really understand the system — get all the facts together. And then I would lead the political types to try and come up with some solution that'll help us to resolve these problems.

But it's clear that we cannot continue to go with the current system, because by 2011 when all the baby boomers start coming into existence — I've got to tell you, by that time Medicare's going to start to go bankrupt. It's gone from $3 billion in 1965 to $232 billion in 1998. It will be $450 billion by 2008. We have to deal with it. And the next president of the United States has to have common sense conservatism guts to get it done. And you're looking at the guy that's worked in this area all the way through, and I'll get it done for you.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, let me ask you a question about what Governor Bush did down in Texas. They've got a lot of kids down there who don't get health insurance. So Democrats in the legislature said, look, there's a lot of federal money that's available. We can get it up to twice the poverty level and we can put them under a program called CHIPs. He didn't want to go quite as far as the Democrats did in Texas, but eventually they did get the CHIPs program done. The governor wanted to have more private agencies and churches and other people fill in. Do you think that that's a wise approach that we should have? More of a combination of government and the compassion agencies, if you will, churches and philanthropic organizations?

KEYES Well, I think that the first thing we need to do is remember that the best way to regulate these matters and the best way to achieve results is not just to concentrate on how you pay for everything, but to concentrate on how you keep the costs down.

I think one of the major problems that we have with this entire system, were we've shifted the burden of decision making, trying to police the relationship between price and value in the medical industry, trying to do that with bureaucracies, whether it's private bureaucracies in the insurance companies or government bureaucracies. It's not going to work.

We need an approach that will put the consumer of medical services in the driver's seat. And that will not just help to pay for things. If the costs keep skyrocketing, what good is it to keep throwing money after those higher costs? We need a system that will bring those costs down.

And the system that brings the cost down in every other area of our lives is a consumer policed system of competition, where people have the right to make their own choices. And given that right, can then carry the dollars that they're going to use in a way that achieves the best results for them. That's what we need. And that means that wherever we're going to spend this money, we ought to voucherize it and let people make their own choices as to their medical care so they can decide where the most effective service and the best prices are.

BACHMAN We need to turn to foreign policy. I'm going to let you do that in just a second. But I want to get one last question in here on domestic policy, Tom. I want to ask Senator McCain.

You have said that one — one best way to pay for family tax relief is the cut in pork barrel spending that you've advocated. And yet, when you look at the pork list here in Iowa, you have said that there should be some $2 million cut in the fight against methamphetamines. And that is a huge priority here in Iowa. That doesn't seem like pork barrel to us.

MCCAIN It may not to you. But the fact is that many of these programs may have great virtue, but we'll never know, because they're never placed in competition with any other program. There may be a program in Arizona that should have been considered. Instead, some powerful member of Congress or powerful special interest, thanks to huge $100,000 checks or multi-$100,000 checks got snuck in in the middle of the night in a conference without any of us knowing a program.

I don't think you quite get it. The fact is, it's not the virtue of the program, it's the way that it's inserted. Every program in America should have the same right to compete with this program here in Iowa for those tax dollars, because those tax dollars come from the citizens of my state, as well as Iowa.

And on that subject, I'm here to tell you that I'm going to tell you the things that you don't want to hear, as well as the things you want to hear. And one of those is ethanol. Ethanol is not worth it. It does not help the consumer. Those ethanol subsidies should be phased out. And everybody here on this stage, if it wasn't for the fact that Iowa is the first caucus state, would share my view that we don't need ethanol subsidies. It doesn't help anybody.

HATCH That's not true.

BACHMAN Senator Hatch?

[Laughter, Applause, Boo's]

HATCH Listen, Chuck Grassley came to me early. And I was in the Senate before he came. But he was in the Congress before I came to the Senate. He was one of the few people I went to, when I ran for the Senate, to see what I should do. And Chuck Grassley convinced me that here is a renewable resource that helps farmers, that literally might help us when we have another energy crisis, like we did in the late-'70s. I went through that. I saw it. And I can tell you it's crazy for us to not do everything we can to develop renewable resources that help farmers, and that help everybody. Now it's too expensive right now... 

BACHMAN Mr. Bauer? Very quickly, very quickly.

\BAUER Look John, this is Iowa. We're leaving domestic policy. And you guys haven't given us a question on probably the biggest crisis facing this state. You've touched on it with ethanol. The family farm in this state is being destroyed. It's being destroyed across the Midwest.

BACHMAN We will get to that.

BAUER OK, good enough. I don't want to leave this stage, until we've had a chance to talk about that.

BACHMAN I guarantee you, we will get to that. 

BAUER OK, there are broken hearts in this state, and we need to address that tonight.

BACHMAN Thank you. Tom?

MODERATOR Well, I — we shouldn't leave that now. Let's just stay with this. I mean, I want to ask Mr. Forbes, a publisher and a man who pays a lot of attention to markets and what happens. Ethanol's been around for a long time. It's primarily of interest to people in Iowa and a few other states in the corn belt, but primarily of interest to here. Do you think that it's had a fair test in the marketplace? And does there come a time when you say, we've invested a lot of money in that; it hasn't made it?

FORBES I think the answer is of course. And that's why I've supported having a few years of a fair test, and in the year 2007, when this current program expires, if it can't stand on its own two feet, then it ought to go.

In this day and age when you think of high technology, and you can get literally write whole worlds on grains of sand — the whole information revolution, silicon — I don't see why with research, getting rid of the capital gains tax so you have risk-taking, that we can't find imaginative ways to use foreign products.

So I think what we have here is bankruptcy, in a sense, of finding new uses for agricultural products. And I think with a little investment and imagination, we will find fantastic productive uses that will pay very rich dividends. And Gary is absolutely right in terms you mentioned markets. What is happening to farmers today in markets, with their low commodity prices, is not a result of just supply and demand. It's also huge mistakes from Washington, D.C. — everything from high interest rates, the same thing they did in the mid-80s, they're doing today — depressing farm prices; to opening up foreign markets; to not hurting our existing customers through the crazy economic policies of the International Monetary Fund, which has already cost us over $30 billion of exports. It all ties together.

So yes, we'll let ethanol have its run to 2007. If it doesn't work, cut it out. But I think there are a lot of uses for agricultural products and we should do the research to find what they are.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, as so much of the American economy is moving to the economy of scale these days — we used to mom-and-pop shoe stores and men's clothing stores on main streets and little drug stores, now we've got Costco and Wal-Mart and all the other big stores — why should the family farm — and before anyone believes that I'm picking on them, my family grew up in that tradition — why should the family farm be any more protected than the corner drug store, or the mom-and-pop shoe store, or the little grocery store that we used to find on Main Street?

BUSH Yes, I think if you asked the family farmer here in Iowa they don't feel protected. People are hurting in this state. Family farmers all across this state are wondering How come we don't open more markets for my corn and my hogs? And that's exactly what I'm going to do as president; I'm going to open up markets.

I support ethanol, and I support ethanol strongly, John. And I'd have supported ethanol whether I was here in Iowa or not. And the reason I do... 

MODERATOR Just a reminder to the audience, you only take away from the time that the candidates have when you do that. I know that it's so tempting.

BUSH I was — I was just warming up.

MODERATOR Right. [Laughter]

BUSH I support ethanol because it's good for our air. It's good for the air, it's good for the quality of the air. It also reduces our dependency upon foreign oil. And if I become the president I'm going to spend money on research and development to find additional uses for agricultural products. This is a fantastic renewable resource. It's not only here in Iowa, it's all across the Midwest. In the state of Texas. Forbes is right, Steve's right on that. We ought to spend money.

MODERATOR 2007?

BUSH We ought to spend...

MODERATOR 2007?

BUSH We ought to — no, we ought to spend money on finding out how to — on better and more uses for agricultural products. Who knows, maybe someday we will be driving automobiles with — with 100 percent corn product. And guess what? We can grow it right here in Iowa.

MODERATOR Wouldn't we have more markets for Iowa farm products if we allowed China to come into the WTO and opened up a 1.5 billion people to the Iowa grain products and hogs?

KEYES I want to address the question that you asked to Governor Bush there because I — I was reading The New York Times the other day, where they were declaring the family farm dead. And I think it was then repeated on one of the major news shows. And folks look at the family farming system like the only thing we get from family farms is the food.

It has actually been the case since the republic was founded, that the family farm, from Jefferson all the way forward, has been understood as one of the bedrock sources of the moral character of this nation, of the sense of the combination of individuality and commitment to community; the ability to shoulder hard work, at the same that you value the achievements of individuals in the context of their contribution to family and community.

That sense of individualism that also knows how to dedicate itself to the good of others, has been born and has been nurtured and has been sustained in America's family farming sector. We lose the family farm, and we lose the nursery of America's moral character. We can't afford that. And I think we therefore have a stake that goes beyond money. It goes beyond food. It is vital to the future of this country.

Where did we get the young men and women who were willing to sacrifice themselves in battle, rise to the extraordinary tests of war every time we asked them to, have the courage that used to be supposedly restricted only to aristocrats? We found them in the fields of America, behind the plow, nurtured in the family farms of this country.

We cannot let that die anymore than we can let America's heart and individuality and courage die, because it's not just a question of money. It's a question of America's moral decency.

BACHMAN Mr. Bauer, I have to get you back to farming, as well. . The Freedom to Farm Act 1996, removed restrictions on the production of major crops.

BAUER Right.

BACHMAN And since then we have had a huge increase in the production of those crops. We have had a plummeting of prices. And we've had a falling off of exports. Now you have said that perhaps it should be reviewed, the Farm Act.

BAUER Yes, absolutely. Look, the politicians in Washington pulled another fast one. They came to Iowa, they went to farmers all over this great country and they said Look, here's the deal. We're going to put you more at risk in the international marketplace. We know that's going to be tougher for you. But in exchange for that, we're going to fight to open up markets around the world. And they did not keep their end of the bargain. We let our European allies keep our beef out with this excuse about growth hormones. We let them keep Iowa corn out because of genetic engineering. All that is excuses because European governments fight to protect their farmers. We need a government in Washington that will fight to protectAmerican farmers. I will do that as president of the United States. And by the way, Governor Bush, I will stop allowing China to play us for suckers. We've given them most favored nation status 10 years in a row. They dump their goods here. And Iowa farmers are selling less to China now than they did 10 years ago. The time of them playing us for suckers will end in my presidency.

BACHMAN Governor Bush and then Senator Hatch, I need to ask you...

BUSH I'm glad you brought it up. I'm glad you brought it up. You're not for China getting into the WTO.

BAUER (OFF-MIKE)

BUSH I'm not asking you a question, it's a rhetorical here.

BAUER Oh, it's hard to tell with you sometimes, Governor.



BUSH I am. I am. And let me tell you something — let me tell you something. The amount of corn that'll be moved if China gets in the WTO will rise from 250,000 — yes — metric tons to 7.2 million metric tons.

BUSH Opening up Chinese markets is good for our farmers — yes, sir. It is good for our farmers.

BAUER Governor, here's your fallacy. You believe the Chinese government will keep their agreements. They haven't kept their agreements for 20 years.

BUSH That's why we let them in the WTO. That's part of agreement-keeping. That brings China into the ...

BAUER That just gives them another agreement to break, governor.

BUSH Yes, well.

BACHMAN Let me take you quickly back to the Freedom to Farm Act, because I ...

BUSH If you want to isolate the farmer ...

BACHMAN ... I don't want to drop that because Senator Hatch, you voted for the Freedom to Farm Act.

HATCH That's right. And it was the right thing to do. If farmers want to make better profits off of their farm commodities, the only way to get there is to get into the free market. But having said that, we have not done a good job in helping in the transition. This has been a tough time for farmers. In this country, we only spend nine percent for food in this country — the lowest in the world. And farmers are on the bottom of the totem pole as far as getting recompense for their work.

We had 22 million family farms in 1990. Today, we have five million. Some of that happens because of death taxes. The family farm has to be sold to pay the 55 percent death tax. That's ridiculous. I think everybody up here is against that, and I'll lead the fight to get rid of it. and then doing so, along with Chuck Grassley on the Finance Committee.

With regard to WTO, I was in China in the late '70s, and early '80s, the late '80s, the early '90s and the late '90s. The difference between the late '70s and the late '90s because of market and economics, and Hong Kong, is so stark. The best way to undermine that police state is to not isolate China and have them withdraw, but bring them into the WTO where they've got to live up to norms of conduct like the rest of the world. And that will help Iowa farmers. It'll help farmers all over this land.

One other thing — it's pathetic in this country ...

MODERATOR Senator ...

HATCH ... I'll finish with this — it's pathetic in this country that state-inspected meat cannot be sold outside of the state, while we take foreign meat in here and sell it all over the country.

We're going to change that, and I'm in the process of doing that now.

MODERATOR I've been reading the Iowa Republican Party platform.

We're here in the state of Iowa.

MODERATOR And I have for each of you some questions that arise out of the very graphic language in that platform.

If I could begin with you, Mr. Forbes. It calls for the elimination of the minimum wage — the Iowa Republican Party platform. Do you think that's a good idea?

FORBES On a national level, on a state level, if they have a state minimum wage, and I don't know if they do, if they want to get rid of it, fine. But they are under federal law, we have a minimum wage, and there's no way they can opt out of that.

But in terms of minimum wage, Tom, I think the best way to raise wages in this country is not through government decree. The Europeans have tried that and the result is massive unemployment among young people. The way to do it is remove barriers to people getting ahead, have investment incentives, get more growth than we have today, which we're capable of doing in productivity.

In my part of the world, Tom, you can't hire people for less than $6 or $6.50. That's the way to bring it up, not through fiat. The Europeans tried it, doesn't work.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, in the Iowa Republican Party platform they call for the prohibition of women in any combat role. No one on this stage or almost in America has more combat experience than you do. Do you think that's a good idea — prohibit women from combat?

MCCAIN No, I don't. And it's already been proven in the Persian Gulf War that women performed extraordinarily, with heroism and skill and courage, including in a POW experience.

I want to go back to ethanol. It was a program...



It was a program — it was a program at the height of the energy crisis that was brought in, was supposed to be phased out, and obviously 2007 is quite a while — 35 years.

But the fact is, we know why farmers have been hurting so much, it's because the Asian markets went down and they were unable to export. And the fact is, now we will be able to export.

I agree with George Bush that China will absorb these exports. Every nation in the world should be open to our best products. The best and most productive farmer in the world is the farmer of Iowa. And the people in Beijing and Bangkok and Paris will be eating Iowa pork and they'll love every minute of it when I'm president of the United States.



MODERATOR If I could get back to the Iowa party platform. Mr. Bauer, it says that creationism is a science, and evolution is a theory, and they ought to be taught equitably in the schools. Do you agree with the entire premise of that statement in the Iowa Republican Party platform?

BAUER Well, here's what I agree with, Tom, that the majority of the American people believe that God had a hand in the creation of life on earth.

MODERATOR Do you think one's a science, and one's a theory, though?

BAUER I think that certainly evolution is a theory, and yet it's taught in our schools as if it cannot be questioned. If you ask the American people what they want about this, they want their children exposed to both of those ideas. That's what an education ought to be about — presenting to young people a variety of choices, and let them make the decision. And by the way, as I sense a follow-up, let me just say, if you want to read a wacko platform, you ought to try reading the Iowa Democratic Party platform.





MODERATOR I get the impression we have some Iowa Republicans in the hall, here.

Senator Hatch, continuing with the Iowa GOP platform. They call for the elimination of the Environmental Protection Agency. Do you think that's a good idea?

HATCH No, I don't. I mean, I don't agree with environmental extremism, that would make us uncompetitive with the rest of the world. One of the first things I said I would do — I listed yesterday for everybody, seven things I'd do the first day I was in office. And one of them is, I would revoke the Kyoto Accords. The Kyoto Accords place environmental extreme requirements on the United States, but nobody else. And in the final analysis, there's no real reason — scientific or otherwise — why that should occur. It would cost the average family $30,000 more. It would cost our senior citizens — Iowa senior citizens, and you have of senior citizens in this state — it would cost them $1,500 to $3,000 more for fuel costs alone, every year. Can you imagine? And that's why we would revert — revoke that, because it's environmental extremism at its worst.

Now I think the — but having said that, all of us believe in clean air, clean water, in a better quality of life.

HATCH And the Environmental Protection Agency, properly run by a Hatch administration, would do a job likes never been done before and I think everybody in Iowa will be darn glad about it.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, I have a kind of two-part question. I just want to clarify one thing. The platform also calls for the elimination and the phasing out of Medicare and Medicaid and privatize those programs entirely.

BUSH No.

MODERATOR Bad idea?

BUSH I think it is. I think Medicare is the responsibility of the federal government. It's a commitment we've got to keep. The problem with Medicare is it's run by 135,000, more or less, page document where all — where the government decides everything. They decide how the patient chooses things and how the doctors perform.

I think we need to give patients more choice and doctors more flexibility. I — and so I think it's a bad idea.

MODERATOR You told my colleague and friend, Tim Russert, on "Meet the Press," that you think that patients should have the right to sue their HMO.

BUSH I do.

MODERATOR And then I looked at your Web site and it has a caveat, "federally approved HMOs." Did you mean for it to have that caveat? Or does everyone who belongs to an HMO have the right to sue?

BUSH Well, what I — let me tell you what I told Mr. Russert. I talked about a piece of law that — that we enacted in Texas. And here's — here's the law. It says if you've got a complaint with your HMO, you the patient, you can take your complaint to what's called an independent review organization, an IRO. It's a group of objective-minded people that hear your claim, that hear your cause.

If they decide — if the objective folks decide that the HMO is wrong, and the HMO ignores the finding, that then becomes a cause of action. And I'm not exactly sure of the wording on the web site, but I am sure it's talking about making sure federal law does not preempt the good piece of legislation we have in the state of Texas.

You see, I believe — I believe in — I believe states should run most of their business. I believe — I believe strongly that the government closest to the people is that which governs best.

MODERATOR Though as I read the web site, and as others have read it, said "federally approved HMOs."

BUSH Well because — that's because we covered state — non-federally approved HMO's in my state of Texas.

MODERATOR But you would make this the national standard? You would have — you would have a national review board and make that possible for everyone?

BUSH Yes, I would.

KEYES (inaudible)

MODERATOR Alan Keyes.

BACHMAN If I could quickly — a related question on Medicare that a lot of our viewers asked about, and we want to try to get one of those questions in. We'll ask Mr. Keyes — Medicare payments to hospitals and insurers and doctors are so inequitable when you look at various states. That's what we received in many mails to us. Because here in Iowa, the payment per enrollee is under $3,500 and the national average is above $5,000. And this strains hospitals. Some hospitals are closing. Can it be made more equitable?

KEYES I think one of the problems you're faced with there is that you're making determinations in bureaucracies that ought to, in fact, to be made in the marketplace. Costs are different in different parts of the country. They would be reflected in the marketplace if people have the opportunity to make the choices I think that they ought to have the opportunity to make, rather than having those limits imposed upon them by bureaucratic determination and fiat.

There are differences. You can't site a national average and then say we should have uniform payments everywhere. It would make no sense. But at the same time, bureaucracies may not come up with the best answer. I want to try one thing, because I have to draw a contrast here on the trade issue between myself and I guess everybody else who's sitting up here, because they're busy arguing about whether China should be in the World Trade Organization or out of the World Trade Organization. And I look at it an organization that is unrepresentative, elected by no one, where dictators and tyrants have the same right to send representatives to make substantive decisions that the representatives of this free people have — making decisions that will affect our jobs and our livelihood in a fashion totally contrary to our Constitution.

I don't think the question is whether China should belong to the World Trade Organization. I think the question is whether the United States should belong to an organization that violates every constitutional principle.



BACHMAN Mr. Forbes — very briefly — you believe that we should be a part of the WTO.

FORBES The what?

BACHMAN The WTO.

FORBES I believe we should, but I have no illusions about it. I have compared the WTO, John, to a Woolly Mammoth without the charm.



It is so big — it is so big that this next round of negotiations that they wanted to kick off in Seattle — the last one the Uruguay round, took 13 years. This one's going to take probably 25 or 30 years. I think we should take action on our own. And that's why I proposed, for example, doing a North Atlantic free trade agreement with Ireland and Britain, bringing on the Pacific side, Australia, New Zealand and other nations. Do it ourselves. We can't wait for the WTO. It's useless.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, thank you very much. Now we come to that portion of the program, tonight, in which by drawing, the candidates get to ask each other questions. And for the second time tonight, Gary Bauer gets to begin by asking Governor Bush a question.



BUSH It's becoming a habit.

BAUER Yes it is. Governor Bush, I believe strongly that the big civil rights challenge going into the next century, will be whether or not we can set another place at the table for America's unborn children. America's always been about welcoming other people to the table.

You've said you don't want to leave one child behind, but 1.5 million children a year are being left behind. My judges will be pro-life. I want Roe vs. Wade to be overturned.

I want to ask you a simple yes or no question. Will you commit tonight to having a pro-life running mate? I'm willing to say that Governor Christie Todd Whitman of New Jersey, the pro-abortion Republican governor, doesn't need to stick close to her phone. I won't be calling her to be my running mate. Are you willing to make a similar commitment for a pro-life running mate?

BUSH I think it's incredibly presumptive for someone who has yet to earn his party's nomination to be picking vice presidents. I'll tell you what I will do. I'll name somebody — I'll name somebody who can be the president. That ought to be the main criteria for any one of us who has the opportunity to pick a vice president, Gary. It's going to be can that person serve as president of the United States?

I also am going to ask the question, will the person be loyal? There's nothing that can be worse than have a vice president be disloyal to the president. And of course I would expect that person to share my conservative views.

BAUER Governor, I — we get a follow-up as I understand. Governor, I...

BUSH You do?

MODERATOR No.

BAUER Well, that was my understanding.

BACHMAN No...

BAUER We don't?

BUSH But you can if you want.

BAUER He wants me to give him a follow-up. 

BACHMAN No follow-up, no. In fact, Mr. Forbes, you now ask a question of Mr. Bauer.

So you will receive.

BAUER OK.



FORBES Well, Gary...

BAUER Yes, Steve?

FORBES ... one of the great destructive forces in the world today, I think, is the International Monetary Fund and the disastrous prescriptions they give to countries, raising taxes, devaluing their money, wreaking havoc. Their prescriptions, with — along with our Treasury Department, have cost farmers $30 billion in agricultural exports. They've brought about a huge disaster in Mexico. Would you agree with me that the International Monetary Fund should go to the political equivalent of "Jurassic Park," and we have true free enterprise, free market economic prescriptions for these countries, instead of this unnecessary austerity and devastation?

BAUER Steve, I think there's a whole group of these international organizations, like the WTO, that Alan referred to, the International Monetary Fund, a lot of the things, quite frankly, that the United Nations has been engaged in. I think we need to review all of those things.

We're sacrificing too much of America's sovereignty. We're being plagued by suckers, by international bureaucrats. And the good taxpayers of this state are having their hard earned money to not only subsidize the politicians in Washington, D.C., but a lot of bureaucrats in these international organizations that they can't touch through the election process. So, yes, I would review it, and I would reform it or get rid of it.

FORBES I hope you get rid — I hope we make a pledge to get rid of it, because I think it's beyond repair, and the farmers would agree.

BAUER Now, that was a follow-up.

MODERATOR No provisions, as I remember, for a colloquy. But we, you know, we like to have them.

Alan Keyes, you get to ask the next question. And as you — as you know, you get to ask the next question of Senator Hatch.

KEYES Senator Hatch, I heard with some curiosity I think in the last debate that you were defending the decision of the judge in the Microsoft case.

KEYES And I have to confess that decision worries me. Because I think it's a little bit of a departure to start defining the ownership of a product that has been produced by one's own ingenuity, as a monopoly. Of course you have a monopoly on products that you make yourself. And it has always been understood that part of making a profit is to take advantage of that monopoly to get the best deal you can, when you bring that product to the marketplace. Aren't we just punishing Microsoft, because, in fact, it is a successful product which the government now wants to step in and take over in the most socialist fashion imaginable?



HATCH Not according to one of the best federal judges in the country, who wrote an exhaustive opinion, showing how Microsoft is not just a monopoly, but Microsoft has been using its monopoly power to stifle innovation, and creativity, and opportunity for others. At least this what this judge seems to be finding.

And I have to say that we had literally hundreds, if not thousands of people complaining to me, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee to look into this, because they felt that they were being snuffed out of business by Microsoft. One in particular, testified that Microsoft put a bug in their operating platform that they had to — that he had to be on in order to be successful. And he happens to be the most successful business in the streaming industry to begin with. The fact of the matter is, they've put a bug in it, so his program would be incompatible. That was testimony before our committee. That's the type of stuff that this judge is finding.

You can be a monopoly, and you can fight as hard as you can to increase your monopoly power. But you don't have the right to trample on the little guy. You don't have the right to use your monopoly power, owning the underlying operating platform, to insist that all the OEMs, the original equipment operators — manufacturers, have to take only your program, to the exclusion of everybody else's, which is also one of the allegations.

Now, to be honest with you, that's why the Endercrass laws are in existence.

BACHMAN Governor Bush, you're directing a question to Senator McCain.

BUSH You've been talking a lot about pork in Washington and I appreciate that. Here's my view If you want to get rid of pork in Washington, stop feeding the hog. That's why I have proposed a $450 billion-plus tax plan — tax cut plan, which you called excessive.

One of the features in my plan, John, says to the single mom with two children making $40,000 a year, you get a 53 percent tax cut. For single moms with children who make less than $40,000 a year get — get bigger tax cuts. My question to you is, in reviewing of your plan, that single mom with children — two children, making $40,000 — get no tax cut. And I'm wondering why.

MCCAIN Well, I think it's something — it's worthy of consideration, but I also believe that if you raise the 15 percent tax bracket to singles or couples who make $70,000 a year, that would go a long way in that direction. It's funny you mention about pork, because really what the American people need is their money back.

And they're not going to get it back until we get it out of the hands of the special interests — these huge six- and seven-figure donations; the $100,000 checks; the $200,000 checks that have basically taken the government away from the people and put it into the hands of the special interests. And it's made all these young people so cynical and even alienated.

I'll tell you what, in all due respect to my friends here, you and I can stop that tonight. We can commit as nominees of the party that we will have nothing to do with soft money with these huge $100,000 checks. We can stop it now. We commit to that, and we can get the special interest money out of American politics. We can give the government back to the people. I hope you'll make that commitment right here tonight in Iowa.

BUSH I'll be glad to talk about it.



MODERATOR Want to talk about it any more right now? Or do you want to wait (inaudible).



BUSH Sure.





MODERATOR We're doing all right. We've got time, governor.

BUSH I'd love to talk about it. Here's my worry with your plan It's going to hurt the Republican Party, John, and I'm worried for this reason.

MCCAIN (inaudible)

BUSH Let me finish — let me ...

MCCAIN How did Ronald Reagan get elected in 1980?

BUSH May I finish? Let me finish.

MCCAIN There was no such thing as soft money back then.

BUSH May I finish?

The Democrat Party is really the Democrat Party and the labor unions in America. And my worry is, is that you do nothing about what's called paycheck protection. We do nothing about saying to the labor, you can't take a laboring man's money and spend it the way you see fit.

There's a lot of laboring people who are Republicans and conservatives. And yet under the vision you've got or — I guess you've got — or people in Washington have, it's OK that they just take their money and spend it the way they want to spend it. I don't think it's fair. And I think that's unilateral disarmament.

I agree with you, we ought not to have corporate soft money and labor soft money. But there better be pay-check protection. Otherwise our Republican Party and our conservative values don't have a shot.

MCCAIN I don't know how...



MCCAIN I still don't know how we won in 1980 in the Senate and the presidency of the United States.

MODERATOR May I? May I...

(CROSSTALK)

MODERATOR May I — May I futilely try to get control here for just a moment. We're going to get to you. You get a question coming up in a few moments, then you can promise Al you get a chance to talk.

KEYES One brief remark, though. Because if we're going to have a colloquy, we ought to have all options on the table. These folks actually deal with irrelevant things. The government does not have the right to restrict our freedom of association, which should include the right to associate our money with they causes we believe in.

And I think that this whole idea — the whole idea that everybody here subscribes here that there should be regulated contributions. It's very simple. No dollar vote without a ballot vote.

MODERATOR OK.

KEYES And publicity for all contributions. We don't need the rest of it. We can regulate the system through our ballot if we have the freedom to do what we should as individual voters with our money.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, as I was saying — I'm in total control here, as you can tell. And it's your question now to Mr. Forbes.

HATCH Well, I'm going to colloquize for a minute first.



John's seems — John seems to think that every problem in America is going to be solved by the McCain-Feingold bill, an unconstitutional bill that basically penalizes Republicans.

HATCH Have any of you ever wondered why all the Democrats support it and hardly any Republicans in the Congress?



Just think about it.



Now, let me ask Steve a question. And I'm going to give you a home run ball, Steve. Look...

FORBES That usually means hold your wallet.



HATCH Steve, I couldn't even lift your wallet is all I can say.





FORBES Senator, with...

HATCH I'm running a skinny cat campaign...

FORBES Senator...

HATCH ... OrrinHatch.com. Go there and help me out. Now, Steve...

FORBES Senator, with a flat tax — with a flat tax you'll have a better wallet, and with my Social Security reform you'll have a secure retirement and not have that pension system of the United States Senate, which rips off the taxpayers.



HATCH Well, Steve, and with my experience of 23 years, I'm the one that can get it through, and I'll do it as president. Let me tell you.



HATCH Now, let me ask you — let me ask you a question — let me...

FORBES And I'll be relying on you when I'm in the White House to get these things through.





HATCH Let me ask you a question.

FORBES Sure.

HATCH You know, we're talking about a lack of values in this country. We all know it's there. We know our kids don't have the right examples. We know that there are a lot of things that are denigrating to our children and our people, in Iowa and throughout the country.

My only brother was killed in the Second World War. The most valuable thing I own is the flag that draped his coffin when they brought him back. I'm the author of the anti-flag desecration constitutional amendment. And what I want to do is get two-thirds of the Congress to pass that amendment, and then go out to those 50 states and create a debate on values like we've never had before. Will you join me?

FORBES Senator, absolutely. I support the constitutional amendment concerning the desecration of the flag. And I think that's...



HATCH Thanks. I knew you would.

FORBES That's why, too, I vigorously support now, not three years from now...

FORBES Not as a gift from the federal government, but right now, giving parents choice on choosing the schools they think best. So, again get morals and values back in the schools through parents, and not have to rely on top-down bureaucracies.

But then there's also — you talk about values. In my home state of New Jersey, there's a proposal to read the Declaration of Independence, those opening sentences, that we're endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights, among these life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

You know there's controversy about that because it mentions the word "creator"...

HATCH Mr. Forbes, the...

FORBES ... and our governor Christie Whitman, says she may not like it because it takes too much time out of the day.

HATCH That's pathetic...

FORBES She's — she's about to endorse Governor Bush. I think we need to get back to basics.



But to bring — Senator, you bring up — you bring up something very, very — you bring up something very valid.

When people can question the constitutionality of reading the Declaration of Independence in our schools, have the kids read it each day, you know there's something fundamentally wrong. And that's why I think you sense in America the beginnings of a spiritual and moral renewal.

HATCH I told you it would be a softball stage, right. I told you it would be a softball, but if...

BACHMAN Senator McCain, the final candidate question to Ambassador Keyes.

MCCAIN Alan, there's a terrible thing going on in the world right now. And it's genocide and it's creating hundreds of thousands of refugees. It's destabilizing the region. And a tragic commentary on our time is that because it's not in our living rooms, on television, a lot of people are not aware of it. I'm speaking, obviously, of Chechnya.

The Russians have threatened mass bombings, have already carried out artillery attacks. It's destabilizing to the region. We know that the oil and gas reserves that are in the region are important to the future of our energy supply. We know that the Russian military is asserting itself in a way that they've not since the end of the breakup of the Soviet Union. And there's a lot of other implications associated with what's going on in Chechnya now.

It offends our Judeo-Christian values and principles.

MCCAIN It also can, over time, offend our national interest. Mr. Yeltsin the other day mentioned something about we forget that Russia has nuclear weapons. No, we don't forget that. But let's address this issue. Let's get the attention of the American people on this issue. The president of the United States is neglecting it, and I want to know what your prescription is as to what you, as president of the United States, would do.

KEYES Yes, it's interesting because when you started off with that description, I thought sure you were going to ask me about Sudan.



And of course, the reason I mention that is not — no, I'm not going the obvious place. I'm not going to point out that we have allowed the carnage in Sudan to take place totally oblivious to a death toll that now rises over two million; regularly hundreds of thousands every year. I am not going to suggest that we take no interest in that because the people who are dying are black. That would, in fact, probably not be true.

I will suggest, however, that I find it very strange — and you were one of those folks out there shilling for this Kosovo business — I think it rather undercut the position of NATO and the Europeans, who are now on their high horse because the Soviets are threatening to bomb civilians. We forget that several months ago we were in that same position, and the attacks that were taking place in Kosovo were not attacks on American soil; were not attacks on American targets by terrorists who are terrorizing our population. In fact, we had intervened in an internal conflict in another country.

So I think we better be careful. If we had been careful then, we'd have more moral authority now. I do, because I opposed that surrender of our moral position — have them the moral authority to say what I'm about to say. And that is that I think that even though the Russians right now are dealing with a problem technically internal to their country, I don't believe we should be committing aggression in order to deal with it, but I do...

KEYES And I think we ought to do so now, sternly and clearly, in a way that the Clinton administration doesn't have the prudence or the courage to do.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes.



That's the appropriate transition to talk some about foreign policy. Governor Bush, you have said that you supported the idea of rejecting the test ban treaty, and you want to build a missile defense system. If you were the president — if you were President Jiang Zemin in China, or you were President Boris Yeltsin in Russia, wouldn't you be saying to your military personnel, and to your scientists, "They want to start it up again. We've got to do everything that we can to go on a hair trigger. And we've got to expand our own nuclear arsenal"?

BUSH No, they'd be hearing a different message. They'd be hearing a message that the United States is a peaceful nation — that we intend to keep the peace. But we're not going to sit by and allow rogue nations to hold any of our friends hostage. That we're not going to allow for accidental launches. And we've got the technology necessary to keep the peace.

Mr. Yeltsin will here from President Bush that, "I intend to give you a chance to join us in the development of theater-based, and national anti-ballistic missile systems. But after a short period of time, if you choose not to, we'll withdraw from the treaty." Because, we're a peaceful nation. But we're not going to miss an opportunity, Tom, if I'm the president, to say to our friends an allies, "We're going to provide a shield so you won't be blackmailed." We're going to say to our friends, the Israelis, "We'll provide you a shield and work with you, so you won't become blackmailed by Iranians or Iraqis."

No, our country must not retreat. We must not worry about what the Russians and Chinese think. What we need to do is lead the world to peace. And that's exactly the kind of president I intend to be.

MODERATOR Would you give that shield...



... would you give that shield to Taiwan, Senator McCain? And would you say to the Russians, simultaneously, "Let's jump to START III and get it down to 1,000 nuclear warheads," at the same time?

MCCAIN Well, you...

MODERATOR Operate on several fronts?

MCCAIN You ask several questions. No, I would not go to SALT III, because that would be dismantling one leg of the triad. And I'm not prepared to do that yet — START III. I would not give the Taiwanese a ballistic missile defense system.

MCCAIN I would develop myself, have it sea-borne, and I would move it into the area, if necessary in international waters. I would achieve the same goal. But I would also help the Taiwanese acquire weapons systems if necessary.

They are a democratic, free government. The one-China policy is based on the fundamental principal of peaceful reunification of China. It will be China that violates the one-China policy if they commit aggression. And the fact is, that these are not the bloody butchers of Beijing, as candidate Clinton described them in 1992. And they are not our strategic partners as he described them in 1998 when he put his arm around the Chinese leadership. They are ruthless people hell bent on hanging on to power. They look over their shoulder at the collapse of the Soviet Union and the loss of power of the leadership there. But we can convince them that it is in their interest to enter the world as a superpower, which they will, in a peaceful, contributory fashion.

And I would go back to our old alliances, the strategic partner, which is the Japanese. And this part of the world is very, very critical, not only to our global economy but to the farmers right here in Iowa. It's a major place where they can export their products.

MODERATOR President Lee of Taiwan says that it's "pernicious fiction," his phrase, to think that the Chinese have any claim on Taiwan, that they will only negotiate as a sovereign state. Does that mean that we just eliminate the idea of one China?

HATCH Well, that was unfortunate language. But let me just say — am I on?

MODERATOR You're on.

HATCH OK. Let me just say this, that I was one of the authors of the Taiwan Relations Act, which means that we're going to give Taiwan support because as a free country, we don't want them walked all over.

But I also met with Jiang Zemin — President Jiang Zemin, two years ago in Shanghai. A half-hour courtesy call turned into an hour and a half call because I said, I was one of the authors of the Taiwan Relations Act, and isn't it wonderful what has resulted from that?

And he went, oh. And I said — and you could see he was very upset. And I said Well, just think about it, before that act, you didn't have any intercourse with Taiwan.

HATCH You didn't have exchange students. You didn't have business going back and forth. You weren't even in the game to get Hong Kong. He leaned back in his chair and he went, ah. And then all of a sudden that half-hour conversation turned into an hour-and-a-half conversation. The American ambassador said, I've never seen anything like it.

But let me tell you, we owe an obligation to Taiwan. We have it in writing. It's in a formal act. And I've got to tell you, when we make an obligation and a commitment we ought to keep it. And I'm for keeping those obligations.



And I think China, we can, through good diplomacy and toughness, we can get China to back off on those type of activities.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, can I move you to the Middle East? Would you...

BAUER I'd rather not leave China. But let me just say one quick thing. I'm glad to hear Senator Hatch say what he just said. But I have to say, in all due respect to my colleagues, that I'm hearing a naivete up here about the leaders in Beijing that is breathtaking.

Does anybody in this arena think that if today in China thousands of Chinese citizens gathered for the basic human rights that we take for granted — the right to vote for another political party other than the Communists, the right to have a child without government permission — that anything different would happen today than happened 10 years ago when Chinese students waved copies — as Steve mentioned a little earlier — of the Declaration of Independence in the face of the People's Liberation Army?

Gentlemen, we cannot trade ourselves out of this challenge. That nation intends to replace the United States in the Pacific as the leading world power. And to deal with it we're going to have to do more than trade. We're going to have to have a Reaganesque foreign policy that's willing to speak the truth to evil. That's what will make the people of China a free people, and worthy to be trade partners.

BACHMAN Tom, I will pick up on your Mideast question.



FORBES Tom, what all of this underscores is we don't have a foreign policy today. What we have is appeasement and confusion. And with China, we need to let the Chinese know what the rules of engagement are.

FORBES So if they want a prosperous relationship, they want to evolve towards democracy like Taiwan did, we'll be able — we'll deal with them. But we have to make it clear to them, among other things, we will not let them push us out of Asia. We will not let them take over Taiwan. And also, we have to make very clear that we will criticize them each step of the way for their human rights abuses in every international forum possible. And in terms of trade, it has to be two-ways. They have to reduce barriers, and they have to keep agreements which they haven't done in the past.

If you lay down firm rules, I think you can have a relationship. But if you go and drifting what we have done now, it's going to lead to disaster in the future.

BACHMAN Mr. Forbes, you criticize the Clinton administration's foreign policy, and yet, tonight, the prospects for peace in the Mideast are looking much brighter — talks have resumed now, this week, between Israel and Syria; talks resuming between Israel and Yasser Arafat. In the past, you've been very critical, saying that this administration has dictated peace terms to Israel, has supported a Palestinian state. What — isn't this working?

FORBES Well, the real answer to that, John, is if they get an agreement that stands the test of time. And one of the dangers that Israel faces today is with a president who wants to leave a legacy, and is going to push Israel to make concessions they shouldn't make.

For example, you can't live with a neighbor who's preaching hatred against you. You look at Palestinian textbooks today. They're full of vitriol about Jews, the Protocols of Zion — stuff that we saw in Nazi Germany in the '30s. And that's what's in the schools today; that blood libel Mrs. Arafat did about the Israelis causing cancer in water. That is common stuff there. So you cannot have peace preaching that kind of hatred. It's got to be both ways. The Israelis are willing to make an agreement, but Arafat is not willing to make the fundamental shift that's going to make a lasting peace possible. And as president, I'm not going to twist Israeli arms to get a false peace.

BACHMAN Mr. Bauer, you have spoken of...



... the State Department's neutrality in the Middle East conflict.

BAUER Yes.

BACHMAN Pick it up.

BAUER Well, look, we need an American desk at the State Department. You know, we've got bureaucrats there who are worried about every other country in the world, except our vital interests. And our vital interests in the Middle East are served by a safe and democratic Israel. They have been our most reliable ally in the region. They're surrounded by hostile territory. And it is the height of arrogance for State Department bureaucrats in the current administration to be pressuring that country to give up more land for peace and security.

We wouldn't allow somebody to pressure us under similar circumstances.

BACHMAN You don't think the prospects tonight are good, though, with the resumption of talks?

BAUER Look, the thing that will preserve Israel is a strong military and a reliable ally in the United States. If their enemies ever think that our commitment to them is wavering, Israel will be in the deepest trouble it's been in its existence.

We are friends, we are allies. They have stood with us, and as president I will be sure we stand with them.

MODERATOR I have a question then for John McCain. John, my friend (ph), something that's in the news. You've said that Elian Gonzalez, the young Cuban boy ought not to be sent back to Havana. Everybody on this panel believes in the primary place of family, and yet, based on what I'm reading, the state knows better than his own father, and his own grandparents in this case.

MCCAIN Well, I'm not Tom. I'm saying that his mother knows better. His mother gave up her life in an attempt to give her son the freedom and democracy, which this country is blessed, and which he never could have had if he remained in Cuba. That's what's left out of this equation.

MODERATOR Do you leave his father out of this altogether? This is the blood father of the son. He has no claim...

MCCAIN No, like practically everyone here I would be glad if his father came to the United States or a neutral country, and then declared his allegiance.

By the way, I have never seen a spontaneous demonstration in any communist country.

Could I return — return one moment — one moment to the Middle East. I will give — I would like to give the Clinton administration credit. I would like to give President Carter credit.

MCCAIN I'd like to give a lot of people credit who worked for a long time on peace in the Middle East. And I think it's important and we're on the threshold.

There's a number of factors, but a major factor was the end of the Cold War, which Ronald Reagan won, which no longer allowed for this divisions along Cold War lines where these Middle East countries were client states. Finally, Mr. Assad is growing old, he wants his son to take over, not his brother.

But there's a fundamental principle that we have to reach here, and that is free and democratically elected countries in the Middle East, besides Israel, if you want a lasting peace.

MODERATOR I'm surprised that we've gotten to this point in the debate, and we haven't talked at all about Social Security or some of the tax cuts. You said as the front-runner you do have an obligation not to just throw numbers around. You've talked about a $483 billion tax cut, about an enormous amount of money for military readiness and for increasing pay in the military. The Congressional Budget Office says that just is not going to add up downstream, five years out, you're going to eat up all the surpluses just with your tax cut. Are you willing to say tonight that if it gets to that point, you don't want to be in the position that your father was where he had to raise taxes when he promised he wouldn't?

BUSH It's not going to get to that point. We took a very conservative approach. We took all the Social Security money and left it for one thing Social Security. We took the budget additions that I think are important, particularly strengthening the military, andput that in the budget. And we had $100 billion left over and $100 billion in unspent money.

It's important to cut the taxes, Tom, otherwise government's going to spend it. And it's important to cut the taxes to keep the economy growing. And when we cut the taxes it's important to remember, there's a lot of folks who are struggling on what I call the outskirts of poverty. I mentioned it to John in the question, that the single mom with kids — which, by the way, in my judgment's the toughest job in America.

It's important for the Republicans to hear their call too. It's important that when we make the tax code fair — we hear people at the bottom of the economic ladder, as well as the top. And so my plan says if you're a mom making $22,000 a year and you're heading to the middle class, we're going to tear down the toll booth so you can get to the middle class.

No, this is a responsible plan. The only way — the only way to get rid of the so-called surpluses in the short term is to put Al Gore or Bill Bradley as president of the United States, and they'll spend it all.



MODERATOR John Bachman, you have a question from the good folks of Iowa.

BACHMAN Well, I do. We have tried to take viewers' questions tonight and point them in the direction of some of these issues we've been talking about. But I'd like to run the table quickly with one individual question. What political philosopher or thinker, Mr. Forbes, do you most identify with and why? Which gives the remaining five time to think — I'm sorry.



FORBES Well, I won't say I'm reading a book by a philosopher, and I'm not reading a book on Dean Acheson. But seriously — sorry — but seriously, the philosopher that I think has had the most impact or profound impact on this country is John Locke. Even though there are some flaws, I think he set the stage for what became a revolution. And then, after that, Thomas Jefferson with what he wrote in the Declaration of Independence. James...

BACHMAN We just (inaudible) for one.

FORBES OK. OK — Got Locke and then Jefferson is B.

BACHMAN Thank you. Mr. Keyes?

KEYES Well, I think overall the most influential thinker, and there are many in my mind, but particularly on the issues we face as Americans right now would be the founders of this country, who not only had interesting thoughts, they actually translated them capably into functioning instruments of government that have preserved our liberty now for over 200 years. And I think we ought to get back to their thinking and not fiddle with this income tax system, but return to the original Constitution they gave us — abolish the income tax, fund the federal government with tariffs, duties, and excise taxes so the people of this country get back control of every dollar that they earn, instead of having to depend on nice politicians like Mr. Bush, or bad politicians like Bill Clinton to decide how much of their own money they should keep.



BUSH At least he called me "nice."



BACHMAN Governor Bush — a philosopher-thinker and why.

BUSH Christ, because he changed my heart.

BACHMAN I think the viewer would like to know more on how he's changed your heart.

BUSH Well, if they don't know, it's going to be hard to explain. When you turn your heart and your life over to Christ, when you accept Christ as the savior, it changes your heart. It changes your life. And that's what happened to me.



BACHMAN Senator Hatch. Senator Hatch.

HATCH I agree with that. But I think that goes without saying — no question in my mind.

But I'll tell you. There are two that I really believe have had a profound lasting imprint on America, among many. And of course, Abraham Lincoln is one of them, who fought for equality and freedom for everybody. And the other one was Ronald Reagan, who ignored the

State Department, knocking out the Evil Empire in every speech until he got a speech where it was knocked out. It got back and forth, and back and forth. And he said it anyway. And it was one of the most profound statements, philosophically, that was said in our generation.

And those two people have really made a difference in all of our lives. But I bear witness to Christ, too. I really know him to be the savior of the world. And that means more to me than almost anything else I know.

BACHMAN Senator McCain.

MCCAIN Obviously all of our founding fathers were probably the most remarkable group of men ever assembled in history, in Philadelphia. But my modern-day role model and hero is Theodore Roosevelt. Theodore Roosevelt was larger than life. Theodore Roosevelt believed in reform. He took the politics of America out of the hands of the robber barons, and gave it back to the people. He put the United States of America on the world's stage, in the international arena, which made way for our ever-expanding role in the world. He established our national parks system. He was an activist. He was a reformer. And he was a man of great vision. He was larger than life. And he was a truly wonderful father and family man as well, who happened by the way, to lose a son in World War I.

But Theodore Roosevelt, I think, is a modern-day role model for me, and many other people who hold dear, conservative principles, and yet believe there's a role for government in our society.

BACHMAN And finally, Mr. Bauer.

BAUER I was hungry, and you fed me. I was thirsty, and you gave me drink. I was a stranger, and you welcomed me. Christ, with those words, taught all of us about our obligations to each other, to the unborn child, to those living in poverty, the need for us to be together regardless of the color of our skin.

There is no figure in human history who, through his life, his death and his resurrection has changed the world for millions, billions, countless of people. If America's in trouble in the next century, it will be because we forgot what he taught us, Tom.



MODERATOR Tell me — we have time for — what? — one more question, one more answer. One more question.

Governor Bush, Bill Buckley, an old bleeding heart liberal, commenting on the law and order attitude of all of you, says that in 47 states possession of marijuana is illegal. If you believe in the aggressive pursuit of people for violating the gun laws, why not have the aggressive pursuit of violation of marijuana — marijuana laws?

Do you think that we ought to be far more aggressive, in the state of Texas and across this country, in pursuing those people who possess marijuana?

BUSH I think we ought to be far more aggressive at interdicting drugs before they come in our country. And I think we need to be very aggressive as saying to children, drugs will ruin your life. If you abuse drugs, it's going to ruin your life. If you abuse alcohol, it's going to ruin your life. Baby boomer generation needs to hear the call of responsibility. And part of that is to say to our kids Don't be using drugs. Don't be using drugs.

Mr. Buckley actually believes we ought to — I think he believes we ought to legalize marijuana. I don't. I think that'd be a big mistake.

MODERATOR I don't think he says legalization of it. I think what he does say...

BUSH I think he does.

MODERATOR I think what he does say is not put everyone in jail who is merely possessing marijuana.

BUSH Well we don't do that in the state of Texas. We put the dealers and the big users in jail. You know, we give people second chances. We say to people You've made a mistake. The judges in our state have got a lot of discretion. And that's the way it should be. But the universal message from our society's got to be to our kids Don't be using drugs. Drugs will ruin your life.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, thank you very much. We're going to begin now the final round of the closing statements. My how time flies when you're having fun. (Laughter).

We begin with you, Mr. Forbes.

FORBES Well, thank all of you very much here at WHO. This is where Ronald Reagan got his start decades ago in his career.

Tonight, and with these other forums, you're beginning to get an opportunity to find out what each of us believes; what we think America's opportunities are; and what the problems are. I'm an independent outsider. I believe in the conservative philosophy that comes from the Declaration of Independence, and I have deep convictions about what can be done to realize America's full potential going into this new century and this new millennium. And I believe that means putting power back in the hands of thepeople, and not going along with politics as usual. Politics as usual says we have to keep the current tax code. I think the American people should say it's realistic to get rid of it, and allow you to keep far, far more of what you earn with something that is simple, honest and fair.

I believe a new birth of freedom means that you should be able to choose your own schools for your own children; that you should be able to choose your own doctors and not have to go through HMOs and other bureaucracies. It all ties together, but I need your support; I need your vote. Thank you very much.



BACHMAN Please hold your applause so we can get the final statements in — the closing statement now from Mr. Bauer.

BAUER Thank you very much. The Republican Party was born in an argument about whether black men and women, slaves, were citizens to be protected under the law. It is a proud history of our party — the party of Abraham Lincoln and of Ronald Reagan.

We are facing an issue today that is comparable, and that is whether our unborn children — rich or poor, black or white — deserve a place at the table; whether they're part of the American family.

For 25 years, I've worked on this issue. I've raised money for crisis pregnancy centers while my friend Steve Forbes was raising money for Christie Todd Whitman.

BAUER This issue's important; we can't play any more games about it. I will not leave any child behind. My running mate, Governor Bush, will be pro-life. I'm sorry you were not willing to make that commitment. My judges will be pro-life.

And I want to make the most important promise I can make to you about my presidency. In my presidency abortion on demand will end. I will not sacrifice one American child for political gain. You can count on it.



MODERATOR Senator Hatch.

HATCH I'm a person of very deep conviction, and my 23 years in the Congress of the United States and the Senate proves that. As I've gone around Iowa, I've found a great deal of similarity and companionship and Iowa values compared to our Utah values. We're very much alike. I've got to tell you, I wasn't born in wealth. We lost our home right after I was born. As a matter of fact, I raised chickens as a young man, sold eggs door to door. When I went to college I worked as a janitor. When Ted Kennedy found that out, he said, Orrin, you should have stuck with it. (Laughter). I learned a trade. I learned a skilled trade and worked for 10 years in construction (inaudible) and I was a darn good worker, the best. And I want you to know that I've approached government that way as well. I've been married to the same woman for 43 years, we have six children and 19 grandchildren. I'm concerned about them and you...

BACHMAN Senator Hatch...

HATCH ... and I'll do my best if I'm elected president.

BACHMAN Governor Bush.

BUSH I want to thank my friends here in Iowa. I'm honored to have your support. I appreciate all the work you're doing on my behalf. I come to your state not from Washington, but from outside — a state called Texas. I've got a record not of rhetoric, but a record of results. In my state I led our state to the two biggest tax cuts in the state's history. Our test scores for our students are up. I've got fewer people on welfare. Texas is entrepreneurial heaven.

BUSH It's a great place to take risks. My policies and my programs have been conservative with compassionate results, and that's the kind of president I'm going to be. I want to keep our economy growing by cutting the taxes. I want to be a free trade president so that Iowa farmers can sell their products all across the world. I want to strengthen and save Social Security. I want every child to be educated and not one single child be left behind in this great country.

I'm running because I want the American dream to touch every willing heart for people that work hard for it. I don't want people to feel left behind in our country as we head into the 21st century.

I'm asking for your vote. God bless you all.



MODERATOR Thank you. Ambassador Keyes.

KEYES Well, I guess — I guess I really do sometimes become impatient with the euphemisms that we use in this society. Because the truth of the matter is, my friends, we're not leaving unborn children behind, we are killing them. And we are killing them in total contravention of the most fundamental principle of this nation's life, that our rights come from God and not from human choice.

You can talk if you like about budgets and Social Security and every other issue under the sun, but if we don't restore our allegiance to the basic moral principles that this country was founded on, we are going to lose our liberty.

And the thing I most dearly want to do is make sure that my children and my grandchildren grow up in a country where they will be free human beings instead of the slaves my ancestors were. And yet in so many ways, because of our lack of moral confidence, we are surrendering the liberties, the Second Amendment rights, the First Amendment rights, the right to make our own choices and decisions in schools and in our own futures — we are surrendering those rights today because we no longer believe that we are the kind of people who morally are capable of sustaining the weight of our rights. We must restore the principles that will give us that confidence and then we will restore our country to its right path.



BACHMAN Senator McCain.

MCCAIN It's great to be back here in Iowa. I will be on the ballot. I hope that a hearty brand of — band of brave souls will go out and vote for me. I would appreciate your support.

I'm running for president of the United States because I want to reform government.

MCCAIN I want to reform the education system. I want to reform the military. And I want to reform the tax code. I want to get us in tune with this information technology revolution. I can't do that when we have a flawed campaign finance system — the hundreds of thousands of dollar checks that have taken away free speech, that have given the megaphone to the big-money people, and made you whisper in Washington.

The cynicism which borders on alienation amongst young Americans disturbs me. I need to reform this system. We need to give the government back to the people. And then I can inspire a generation to commit themselves to causes greater than their self interests. I am prepared to be president of the United States. Please join me in this great crusade.



BACHMAN Our thanks to all of the candidates. And our thanks to all of the viewers on MSNBC. And a special thanks to our viewers across the state of Iowa. We hope that tonight's discussion has helped you, as you prepare for the caucuses now just six weeks away. And a final thanks to Tom Brokaw for coming back to Iowa.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, John. Thank you.



Let me just say something that you need — you need to hear this from a reporter. Let me just say that it takes a lot of courage, and it takes a lot of energy to run for president of the United States. We all owe all of these men a great debt, as well as the Democrats who are running.

It's a personal privilege for me to share this stage, not only in Iowa, but across the country, because there are few more important things that we'll do in our lifetime than pull the lever for the president of the United States, especially as we enter a new century. There's no piece of software that will do that for us. It requires our personal commitment with our mind and our heart. Your presence here tonight is a great tribute to your commitment as citizens to this process as well. Thank you all very much.

ANNOUNCER This is a CNN Election 2000 special presentation "The Arizona Republican Primary Debate." Presidential candidates take questions from reporters and from one another in a key primary state.
From the Orpheum Theater in downtown Phoenix, here now is the moderator Judy Woodruff.

JUDYMODERATOR, CNN ANCHOR Thank you for joining us. Tonight we hope to give voters here in Arizona and all across the nation their best opportunity yet to compare the six Republican candidates for president and their specific views on the issues.

We are in the spectacular 70-year-old Orpheum Theater. Built for vaudeville performances and movies, it is now a performing arts center. More than 1,300 people are in the audience here; they were invited by the Arizona Republican Party.

Now, there will be three parts to this debate. In the first, part I will question the candidates along with my colleagues, CNN's White House Correspondent John King and CNN's Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley.

Later, for the first time in this Republican presidential race, the candidates will have a chance to question one another. And they will give brief closing comments.

Now to the candidates former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer; Texas Governor George W. Bush; Senator Orrin Hatch; Senator John McCain, who is with us via satellite from Boston; former diplomat Alan Keyes; and publisher Steve Forbes.



Now, the candidates were introduced in the order in which they will take our questions based on a draw that was conducted earlier. My CNN colleagues and I will focus our questions on three issues which are important to the public and the presidency raising and educating children; taxes and government spending; and international affairs and national security.

Now, the candidates did not know until just now which issues would be addressed. They will be questioned individually on each of those topics and have one minute to respond. Now, Candy Crowley has the first question for Gary Bauer on the subject of raising and educating children.

CANDY CROWLEY, CNN CORRESPONDENT Good evening, Mr. Bauer.

GARY BAUER (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Hi, Candy.

CROWLEY There was another school shooting today...

BAUER Yes.

CROWLEY ... this time in Oklahoma. What I'd like to know is, on the first day of a Bauer administration, what is the first concrete step you would take to immediately make the nation's schools safer?

BAUER Well, Candy, we didn't get into this problem overnight and we won't get out of it on one day of a new administration. For over 30 years in America, we've had a breakdown of basic values. We took God out of the schools. We had an erosion of reliable standards of right and wrong, the breakdown of the American family.

I don't think this is a gun problem, as some would suggest. I think it's a problem of the heart and soul.

You know, out at Columbine High School, Eric and Dylan came to school every day and they were giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. Nobody said anything to them, nobody sent them home, nobody took them to the principal's office. But if a teacher at Columbine had hung up the Ten Commandments, she would have been in the principal's office the same day.

So Candy, as a start, when I'm president, there won't be anymore Nazi salutes in the public schools, and it's going to be OK to hang up the Ten Commandments again.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

John?

JOHN KING, CNN CORRESPONDENT Governor Bush, while you echo the overwhelming majority of Republicans in saying that most education decisions should be made at the state and local level, you would mandate federal testing, cut off federal funds to schools that didn't make the grade, and tie other strings to the federal money that goes to the states. Isn't this very similar to the current administration approach that so many Republicans, including many of your colleagues here, say is the wrong way for the federal government to be involved in education?

GEORGE W. BUSH (R-TX), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE It's not even close to what President Clinton thinks. I've got a record of reform in the state of Texas, and I'm going to take that to the White House. I believe that if the federal government spends money, say on the poorest of the poor children, we need to ask a simple question What are the results? What are the results? Are the children learning? And if they are, we ought to give bonuses to schools for the poorest of the poor. But if they're not -- if the poorest of the poor remain in trap schools, that money that would go to the school should go to the parent so the parent gets to make a different choice.

I don't believe in national testing. I believe that local folks ought to develop their own tests and their own standards, because I strongly believe in local control of schools.

I also believe in charter schools. I believe in education savings accounts, to give parents a $5,000 per year contribution, to be able to save for their children. Now my plan says less power in Washington, not more.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.



And once again, we would ask the audience to hold your applause. We know you all have favorites, and we like that. But we want to -- we do...



Senator Hatch, in that connection, you support voucher programs, which of course, would provide government money for parents to send their children to the school of their choice. But even the most generous voucher program would only provide a fraction of what it costs to go to a private school. Doesn't this mean parents with limited means still won't have the ability to send their children to the best schools?

ORRIN HATCH (R-UT), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE Well, no. There are a lot of those vouchers that raise enough money. A lot of these private schools, a lot of these religious schools, a lot of the parochial schools, even some of the professional schools, sometimes they can take care of it for what the voucher will be. And many of these parents would pay the extra if they could.

For instance, take the District of Columbia. There's a federal system, if you ever saw one. They spend $11,000 per pupil, and those are the kids who are getting the worst education in the country. The federal government spends 7 percent of the money for education in this country, and demands 50 percent of the paperwork -- 49 million man/woman hours.

I have to say, the best thing we can do is provide a means where these kids in the inner city, that are not getting a good education, their parents know they're not getting a good education, to walk. Now if the moneys aren't enough, we should raise them so that they can be enough.

And I believe in that. I really believe that if we do that the public schools themselves -- Elaine and I sent all of our kids to public schools -- we went to public schools. We're proud of it. And public schools are great. But when they're not working, those kids ought to have a chance to walk, and the voucher system will give them that chance.

MODERATOR All right Senator Hatch.

Candy.

CROWLEY Senator McCain, welcome. You've said a number of times that no good teacher should be paid less than a bad senator.



In January, senators will be making over $140,000 a year. Now without getting into the question of whether there are any bad senators, how could you pay anything even close to that? Who would fund anything even close to that for the good teachers?

JOHN MCCAIN (R-AZ), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE You know, I that I would never allege that there are any bad senators. I win Miss Congeniality every year, as you know, in the Senate.



Connie -- Candy, they may not need as much money as a $140,000 a year. Perhaps Senators don't need as much as $140,000 a year.



When we vote ourselves pay raises all the time and the American worker is not making nearly the increases that we are, it's really wrong.

But look, we need to test vouchers. We don't need to take the money from public education. We need to do away with corporate welfare and put that money so there will be a test voucher program in the poorer school district in America. We shouldn't have any federal bureaucrat deciding whether money should go to the states or not. That's decided by Lisa Graham Keegan (ph) and the people I trust in the taste of Arizona to run our education. Not the federal bureaucracy in Washington.

And I will keep them out of it.

I've give them money...

MODERATOR Senator McCain, your time is up.

All right, John King, the next question.

KING Ambassador Keyes, welcome. Is there not a contradiction in saying on the one hand that Washington should get so far out of the business of educating our children that you would abolish the Department of Education yet saying on the other hand that you would use the bully pulpit of the presidency and federal legislation, if necessary, to push for more prayer in schools and for values and morals instruction?

ALAN KEYES (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE I don't see the contradiction at all. First of all, using the bully pulpit is not coercion. And I have never suggested that I would use federal leverage to force state and local officials to adopt any particular approach to prayer in schools. I have simply pointed out that since we took prayer out, we seem to have let violence and decline in. And I think we ought to draw those lessons.

But I strongly favor one principle Letting the parents take over this process. With the parents in the lead, we will know that the cooperation between home, school and faith has been restored.

So the money we spend on education should follow the choice of the parents, not the choice of educrats, bureaucrats, politicians, who unfortunately have been manipulating this process in their own career interests, not in the interests of our young people.

And I think once we do that, these other questions are answered. If we're able to spend six, seven, eight thousand dollars a year in our government school system on an individual student, then it seems to me we should be able to let parents decide where that per capita spending is going to go. And that way, every parent, rich or poor, will be able to make the right decisions for their child.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes.



MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, while we're discussing children, six years ago Congress passed a measure to give short, unpaid leave to parents of newborn children or adopted children. This has been very popular; at least 20 million Americans have taken advantage of this.

Now President Clinton proposes to expand this program by allowing states to use unemployment benefits to provide some paid time off for parents who otherwise couldn't afford to stop working. My question is Do low income parents deserve this kind of time off with their families?

STEVE FORBES (R), PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE You're absolutely right, Judy. All parents deserve time and all parents should have the opportunity to spend more time with their children. But credits from Washington, raiding unemployment funds is not going to do the job.

The real way you give parents freedom is first let them keep more of what they earn in the first place. They shouldn't have to have an accountant to figure out what tax credits they qualify for. They should have it in their paycheck.

Also too, I believe that as Alan and others have pointed out, we need to have parents have control of the schools so that they can go to schools where schools can have flexibility in terms of the time the children spend there.

So the combination of genuine tax reform, where parents can make quality of life decisions, allowing parents to choose schools that work best for their children -- that's the way to move forward instead of micromanaging with credits from Washington, D.C. Trust us, not Washington.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.



Now let's focus on taxes and government spending. And for this round we are going to reverse the order in which the candidates are questioned. Steve Forbes will take the first question from John King.

KING Mr. Forbes, look back at the past seven years. We have 20 million new jobs, 4.1 percent unemployment, low inflation, more than a tripling of the stock market. Yet you have been critical, not only as many of your rivals here have been of the incumbent president's economic stewardship, but also of the job performance of the Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan.

What, in your view, has Mr. Greenspan done wrong? And if you were elected president, who would you nominate to replace him?

FORBES Well, first of all, the prosperity that we're enjoying today, those foundations were laid by Ronald Reagan in the early 1980s. Let's not forget that.



And it was -- and it was the Republicans who stopped some of the destructive nonsense of the Clinton-Gore administration that enabled us to enjoy the prosperity we have today.

Concerning the Federal Reserve, as I've said before, Mr. Greenspan did a very good job in the early 1990s, but in the last couple of years he's fallen prey, fallen for this crazy theory, John, that prosperity causes inflation. And so they're trying to slow the economy down by raising interest rates. Why?

It's like going to a doctor. The doctor says John, you're in great health, so we have to make you sick a little bit.



It's a bizarre theory. And it's already wrought havoc in agricultural.

It's going to hurt our economy. And in terms of replacement, there are a number of good people out there -- Jack Kemp, the head of the Dallas Reserve Bank as well.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

FORBES There are people who understand it.

MODERATOR Thank you.

 Candy Crowley.

CROWLEY Mr. Keyes, under your plan to substitute a 23 percent national sales tax for the current federal income tax, a poor family could save all year to buy a bicycle for their child for Christmas and pay the same tax as a wealthy family does. So no matter how many items you set aside and make exempt from sales tax, isn't it the heart of it this kind of tax, something that disproportionately hits the poor over the wealthy?

KEYES Can't possibly be. The present tax system, which allows you to escape taxation if you're wealthy enough to pay accountants and lawyers, is what disproportionately hits the poor and the working middle-class people of this country. Under my system, you don't pay taxes until you decide how to spend your own money. And when you take it to the store and decide how to spend it, if you can't afford to be heavily taxed right now, you will confine yourself to those goods that are not taxed, to those goods that are necessities of life.

And yes, that's going to mean some sacrifices, but it puts the question of how you develop your wealth base back under your control. You don't have to beg politicians and bureaucrats to get back in control of your own hard-earned dollars.

But it also means that if you're a working person -- think about it -- before you have put bread in the mouths of your children, before you've put a roof over the head of those children, before you've put a stitch of clothes on their backs today, you pay the government. We're worse off than serfs. Serfs used to pay their masters after they were fed and clothed. We have to pay our master before we're fed and clothed.



I think it's a travesty, and I think it's time we ended it.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes.

Now a question for Senator McCain.

Another question on the working poor Both Governor Bush's tax plan, Senator, which you have criticized as too costly, and your own plan, don't mention, don't include, the payroll tax. What do you say to the working poor of this country? For example, the single mother waitress, earning $22,000 a year, with three children, paying 15.3 percent of her income in a payroll tax. Shouldn't she share in our economic prosperity, the same as those at the upper income level?

McCAIN Absolutely. And that single mother pays more in income taxes, and when you count them, Social Security and Medicare, than rich Americans do. And we're going to fix it.

And we also want to remove a penalty if she gets married. There's no reason why she should pay more in taxes if she gets married. And if she gets wealthy enough, and works hard enough, so that she accumulates a business or a farm, then she should be able to pass it on to her children without it being confiscated.

And I believe that we need to look at the working poor, and exactly the person you talked about, and provide them with the kind of tax relief they may need, including expanding the 15 percent tax bracket up to about $70,000 a year. And this is a serious problem, and one we've got to look at. There are terrible inequities in the tax code.

Finally, we've got to get the special interests out of it, so it's not 44,000 pages long, and a nightmare for average citizens, and a cornucopia of good deals for the special interests in Washington, D.C.

MODERATOR All right thank you, Senator McCain.



John King.

KING Senator Hatch, like Mr. Keyes, you have spoken of scrapping the current income tax code sand replacing it with a national sales tax, and you've said you're working on a plan.

With just seven weeks until the people of Iowa cast the first votes in this race, can you tell us tonight what that rate would be and what specific exemptions you would propose to deal with the criticism as we've discussed, that such a tax could hurt the very poor people that it's intended to help.

HATCH Look, I'm for any tax plan that will simply this awful tax code. I'm on the Senate Finance Committee; I deal with these matters every day. And I've got to tell you anybody in this room could be indicted for violations of the tax code because no two tax preparers in the IRS can compare -- prepare the same return.

Now, I would like to see something like Alan is talking about because then people can determine what they pay by the consumption that they make.

We're certainly going to have to take care of the poor through some mechanism that they will not have to pay as much as others. Under our current system, the bottom -- the bottom 50 percent of the earned income people pay about 5 percent of the total income taxes.

But Judy is right, they get hit on the other side with these very awful payroll taxes. If you're self-employed, it's 15-point-something percent.

You're looking at a fellow who is one of the five or less -- who actually convinced Ronald Reagan to cut marginal taxes rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986. Also, passed the Hatch-Lieberman bill to reduce capital gains rates from 28 percent down to 20 percent. I've actually done it. I've been there. And that's what I'm talking about.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Hatch. Thank you, Senator.

Candy.

CROWLEY Governor Bush, let's suppose for the purposes of this question that the surpluses, the projected surpluses in your tax plan, fail to materialize in full or in part. What part of your tax package gets dropped first?

BUSH I refuse to accept the premise that surpluses are going to decline if I'm the president. I think they're going to increase because my plan will increase productivity by cutting marginal rates.

John brought up an interesting point. And he said -- or Judy's question to John was, how do we take care of people at the lower end of the economic ladder? It's important for the Republican nominee and the Republican Party to hear the cries of people who are on the outskirts of poverty. And that's why my tax plan drops the rates from 15 percent to 10 percent and allows for $1,000 per child credit for working people, and all people for that matter.

It is a plan that cuts the rates by 50 percent on families of four who have got an income of $50,000. Republican Party is oftentimes associated with the big and the rich; we need to be associated with the working people. And I've laid out a plan to do that.

I've also got a record of cutting taxes in the great state of Texas. More than -- nearly $3 billion of taxes returned to the people who work for a living in my state.

CROWLEY Thank you, Governor.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

This question for Mr. Bauer, and we're still on the subject of fairness here. You and most of your Republican brethren advocate doing away with the inheritance tax or the estate tax. But doing that would cost the Treasury literally tens of billions of dollars a year and would benefit, as you know, only the top 1 or 2 percent income level in this country, the very richest people who inherit money. Now it's understandable why you would want to eliminate this for the family farmer, for the small businessperson, but for the very wealthiest, how do you explain that to everyone else.

BAUER Well, Judy, based on a very basic idea, which is the money was already taxed once.

What in the world, on what philosophy does the government get to say that they get another chunk of it when you're trying to give that money -- the results of your hard work -- on to your children and grandchildren. Double taxation has never been an American principle, and it shouldn't be a principle in this area. So I would do away with the estate tax. Judy, let me quickly address something else that you raised about basic fairness. I'm the only candidate here that has put on the table a 20-percent cut in the payroll tax. All of us know the current tax system isn't working. How we reform it matters. I've got a 16- percent flat tax. You keep your mortgage deduction, you keep charitable deductions, the first $20,000 is tax-free, and then what's left you only pay 16 cents on the dollar of.

Unfortunately, Governor Bush would keep basically the current system. Mr. Forbes gives his corporate friends a brand new write-off that will allow many of them to pay zero. That's just not fair.

MODERATOR All right, Mr. Bauer. Thank you.



Our next area of questioning, international affairs and national security. Reversing the order once again, we begin with Mr. Bauer and a question from John King.

KING Mr. Bauer, you opposed the U.S. military intervention in Kosovo on grounds, in your view, it was not in the vital interest of the United States. Just this past weekend there have been fresh reports documenting a Serb campaign to cleanse Kosovo of its ethnic Albanian population.

Based on what we've learned since the end of the conflict, do you still stand by the view that the United States should have done nothing?

BAUER John, this is a fundamental question, and Ronald Reagan used to talk about it at the White House all the time Under what conditions does an American president put our sons and today our daughters in harm's way.

I think that there are many things happening in the world that we don't like.

But even a rich, powerful country like the United States will be bled dry if we try to intervene every place where our hearts have been touched. Horrible things are happening in Kosovo, but they're also happening in Indonesia and in many other places around the world.

We can use leverage with trade. We can use leverage with our foreign aid. But at a time when we have gutted the American military, taking us from 18 divisions down to 10, taking us from a 650-ship Navy down to 300, it is foolish and imprudent to be sending our men everywhere when the national security of the United States is not at stake.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

Governor Bush, while we are considering America's place in the world, you volunteered at last week's debate that you were now reading the biography of Dean Acheson. And my question is What lessons do you take from the successes and the failures of Acheson and George Marshall during that critical period in U.S. history? And how would you apply that to a Bush international policy?

BUSH The lessons learned are that the United States must not retreat within our borders; that we must promote the peace. In order to promote the peace, we've got to have strong alliances alliances in Europe, alliances in the Far East. In order to promote the peace, I believe we ought to be a free trading nation in a free trading world, because free trade brings markets and markets bring hope and prosperity.

And in order to keep the peace, the United States must be strong militarily. In a speech I gave at the Citadel, in South Carolina, I talked about the need to not only make sure that the morale in today's military is high, but also to make sure that we reconfigure our military. You see, if we get to redefine how war is fought, we get to redefine how peace is kept.

The lessons of Acheson and Marshall are -- is that our nation's greatest export to the world has been, is, and always will be the incredible freedoms we understand in the great land called America.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Candy.

CROWLEY Senator Hatch, the protests outside the World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle basically boil down to this that cheaper overseas labor, and less stringent labor and environmental laws put U.S. businesses and workers at a trade disadvantage. In a Hatch administration, would you require that environmental and labor provisions be put in trade agreements?

HATCH Well, as you can see, that whole process fell flat on its face because the President was injecting into these debates, and into those negotiations, matters that just caused it to collapse. And it's a tragedy for this whole world.

First of all, WTO is very important. I'm for having China join WTO. Why? Because it will undermine the very same police state that exists there today. I was in China in the late '70s, early '80s, late '80s, early '90s, and late '90s. And I've got to tell you, the differences between the '70s and '80s and today is just stark. And that comes because of economics, of being brought into the world market, of being able to participate.

To be honest with you, what they did, is Frampton, one of the leaders in the Council of Economic Advisers, if I recall it correctly, said these people should have a role inside the negotiating room. And that's what caused the problem.

The problem is, we should negotiate in the best interests of the United States, and it ought to be free and open world trade.MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you.

John.

KING Senator McCain, tonight there is an emotional kind of diplomatic drama playing out about a 5-year-old boy from Cuba, who lost his mother as they tried to enter the United States by water. The boys father back in Cuba says he wants his son back. If you were president of the United States, what would you do?

McCAIN I'd say to Mr. Castro, let his father come to the United States and enjoy peace and freedom and be reunited with his son. We don't want his son to grow up under communist tyranny.

Let me talk about Dean Acheson a second. When Dean Acheson walked into Harry Truman's office in June of 1950 and said, North Korea's attacked South Korea, Harry Truman didn't take a poll; Harry Truman knew what we had to do. If he'd a taken a poll, maybe Americans wouldn't have let us go.

This administration is poll driven and not principle driven. We didn't have to get into Kosovo. Once we stumbled into it, we had to win it. And the fact is that this administration has conducted a feckless photo-op foreign policy for which we will pay a very heavy price in American blood and treasure.

You have to have a concept of what you want the world to look like, where our interests and our values lie and how we are going to bring this world into the next century and call it again, the American century.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator McCain.

Mr. Keyes, another Kosovo question.

MODERATOR You have said that you thought the scale of Serb atrocities there was grossly over stated, and that what the U.S. did through NATO in intervening, was more dangerous than what happened than what happened inside the province itself. My question is There is this new report just out that -- by a neutral organization -- that confirms an overwhelming, brutal Serb campaign to drive out a million Albanians from Kosovo.

Are you still -- do you still stand by your view than the U.S. through NATO should have stood by and done nothing?

KEYES I understand the report confirms an intention, ma'am, and it's not entirely clear we react in foreign policy to intentions. We've got to react to facts. And the facts as they had been established on the ground do not support all the reports that came out in the course of that war, and you and I know it. The Pentagon has said so. Others have said so.

We have got to be very careful not to lower the threshold of intervention. It was the pretext of the abuse of minorities in Poland and elsewhere that Hitler used for his aggressions, that other conquerors have used for their aggression.

If we're to maintain the principle of non-aggression, that has been the bedrock principle for which Americans have died, then we've got to be very careful not to set an example ourselves that allows an easy pretext to be out there in the world for would-be aggressors.

It's going to cause far more trouble than the trouble we resolve as we are discovering, I believe, right not in Kosovo.



MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

Candy.

CROWLEY Mr. Forbes, you have said that the Clinton administration has made promiscuous use of U.S. troops overseas. In a Forbes administration, what troops would you bring home from what countries?

FORBES Well, first of all, they didn't have to send in troops to Haiti. We tried that from 1915 to 1934; it didn't work then, didn't work today.

In Somalia, it was one thing to get the food on the ground, quite another for Clinton and Gore to play social workers and try to remake that benighted country. That was a mistake.

In Bosnia, we didn't have to put ground forces there. This is not hindsight -- I wrote about it in the early '90s -- that if we have real diplomacy, we could have avoided that disaster by making clear to Milosevic that his victims, intended victims, would have the means to defend themselves. That would have solved that crisis without putting our people there. And when finally the Croats and the Bosnia Muslims got arms in '94 and '95, lo and behold, the aggressors were thrown out. We could have done the same thing in Kosovo.

We do have very real interests in the world, Candy. We have it in Asia, we have it in Europe. But this throwing our forces around and then not having an exit strategy and not building up the military is a policy of disaster.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.



Now we move to the second phase of this debate; the candidates will question one another. Every candidate will get to ask a question and to answer a question. Once again, a draw determined the order in which we will proceed. Mr. Bauer will lead off the first of two rounds of questioning. He may direct his question to any of the other five candidates.

Now, once a candidate has been asked a question, he will not be eligible to be questioned again during that round. Each candidate will have 30 seconds to ask a question. The responding candidate will have a minute and 15 seconds to reply. Then 15 seconds will be allotted to each candidate to ask a follow up to his initial question, and 45 seconds will be allowed for a response.

Mr. Bauer?

BAUER Could you go over that one more time?



MODERATOR You all wanted it this way. Mr. Bauer, your first question and to whom is it directed?

BAUER Well, my first question, Judy, is for Governor Bush, not surprisingly.



Governor, I worked for Ronald Reagan for eight years, and he never gave the Soviet Union most favored nation status. He always insisted on progress on human rights and national security. Our new challenge is China. They persecute their people; arrest those who practice their religion; forcible abortions, et cetera. And yet you've embraced the policy of Clinton and Gore. You want to give them most favored nation status and membership in the World Trade Organization. Why not follow a Reagan policy instead of a Clintonian policy?

BUSH I appreciate that, but you know how to insult a guy to say I follow the policies of Clinton-Gore. I don't. They believe in what's called a strategic partnership. I believe in redefining the relationship to one of competitor. But I believe competitors can find common ground. I think it's in our nation's best interest to open up Chinese markets to Arizona farm products, to Iowa farm products, to high-tech manufactured goods. It's in our best interest to sell to the Chinese.

It's also in our best interest to make sure that the entrepreneurial class in China flourishes. I think if we make China an enemy, they'll end up being an enemy. I think if we trade with China and trade with the entrepreneurial class and give people a breath of freedom, give them a taste of freedom, I think you'll be amazed, Gary, at how soon democracy will come.

And so I also believe -- so therefore I believe China ought to be in the World Trade Organization. I also believe that Taiwan ought to be in the World Trade Organization.

But let me make this clear to you, and to the Chinese I will enforce the Taiwan relations law, if I am the president. If the Chinese get aggressive with the Taiwanese, we'll help them defend themselves.

MODERATOR Thank you governor -- go ahead.



BUSH Skip the applause.

BAUER Governor, we would have never made the argument that you just made if we were talking about Nazi Germany. Is there no atrocity that you can think of -- the labor camps doubling in their slave labor, a bigger crackdown, more priests disappearing in the middle of the night? Is there anything that would tell you to put trade on the back burner?

BUSH Gary, I agree with you, that forced abortion is abhorrent. And I agree with you when leaders try to snuff out religion. But I think if we turn our back on China and isolate China, things will get worse. Imagine if the Internet took hold in China. Imagine how freedom would spread. I told -- in my earlier answer, I said our greatest export to the world has been, is, and always will be the incredible freedom we understand in America. And that's why it's important for us to trade with China, to encourage the growth of an entrepreneurial class. It get's that taste of freedom. It gets that breath of freedom in the marketplace.

MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Thank you, Mr. Bauer.



Senator McCain, you have the next question. And to whom is it directed?

McCAIN It's directed to Gary Bauer.

Gary, as you know, I and a number of others have been struggling to give the government of this country back to the people, and that is our effort of some years now to enact campaign finance reform, to stop this incredible inundation of big money into American politics.

When I was trying on the floor of the Senate last time to get this reform enacted, I asked for you to support this effort. I'm pleased that you responded in the affirmative. Will you continue to do that and join me in making this a big point -- effort in this campaign and a major issue?

BAUER Well, Senator McCain, I want to commend you for what you've done on campaign finance reform. There are some nuances that I might disagree with, but your overall point, I agree with you that large contributions from either big labor or big business to the two political parties are corrupting.

It's one thing for somebody to donate a $1,000 to one of us, which is the federal limit, but when a corporation or a union can write a $1 million or a $2 million or a $5 million check to the Republican Party or to the Democratic Party, we all know that that buys access that no average American can meet.

And so I will support your effort to fairly have campaign reform that gets at the special interests in both parties. I think we need to do it.

And quite frankly, Senator, I have to say that on the China issue, which I just talked to Governor Bush about, that I think this is one of the things that's twisting our China policy.

Instead of having our policy on our most deeply held values, we're allowing money, contributions from big corporations, and their desire for a fast buck in China to make us forget who we are. Trade with China is changing us more than it's changing China. So I will support you, Senator McCain.



McCAIN On that point, we will never know how much money poured in from China and Indonesia into the Gore and Clinton campaign in 1996. On those lines, then will you commit with me ...



... will you commit with me as the nominee of the party to reject any soft money, any uncontrolled contributions to the Republican National Committee or presidential campaign or anything to do with this upcoming presidential campaign?

BAUER Absolutely, Senator. We disagree on a number of other things, but on this I stand in agreement with you and I look forward to working to a point where the American people will be able to put their cynicism about politics aside, and reach the conclusion that they do have as much chance as any special interest group in Washington, D.C., to affect the outcome of these important debates.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer. Thank you, Senator McCain.

The next question from Mr. Forbes, and to whom is it directed?

FORBES It's directed, Judy, to Senator McCain. Senator, we know with the Bush -- George Bush's tax plan -- that he leaves the IRS unscathed; the 67,000 lobbyists in Washington, D.C., their gravy train continues.

The marriage penalty for moms at home continues. And also too, the capital gains tax remains untouched; cutting that is key to a prosperous future.

In New Hampshire you indicted support for a flat tax. And I was wondering if you might put flesh on those bones and tell us what you have in mind for tax reform.

McCAIN I thank you, Steve. And I want to thank you for your efforts on behalf of a flat tax. You struck a cord in American people, and I appreciate and admire what you've been doing.

I think we've got to eliminate the marriage penalty; the earnings test; lift the -- raise the 15 percent tax bracket; put a level of $5 million on the inheritance tax so that 90 some percent of American families and farmers can pass on to their children their hard-earned earnings.

But look, you and I know that this tax code is 44,000 pages long. It's an abomination. It's a cornucopia of good deal for the special interests. And it's a nightmare for American citizens.

We've got to get rid of the special interests loopholes that are ripe in this tax code, and that's the first step in cleaning it up to reach your goal of a simplified tax system.

I appreciate your efforts, but until the day arrives until we remove the influence of the special interests which have made so many young Americans cynical and even alienated from the political process, we're not going to be able to achieve your goal.

But I look forward to joining you in it, and I applaud your efforts.

And I thank you, Steve.

FORBES Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes...



FORBES Thank you, Senator. As a follow-up question, passing laws against lobbyists is sort of like passing laws against mosquitoes. Washington attracts...



.... Washington attracts mosquitoes -- Washington attracts mosquitoes the way -- Washington attracts mosquitoes the way swamps attract mosquitoes. Special interests go there. Don't we need to drain the swamp first to get the mosquitoes out of the way? Don't we have to get rid of the tax code first?



McCAIN If I may...



MODERATOR Mr...



McCAIN If I may...

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

McCAIN Yes. Steve, if I may steal a famous line. It's very much like bears going after honey. I don't know where I heard that before.

 But the fact is -- the fact is if you want to drain the swamp, you take the big money away from the big-time K Street lobbyists, and that way they lose their power and their influence.

Look, anybody wants the status quo in Washington, they don't want John McCain, because there ain't going to be the status quo when I'm president of the United States. You take away the big money, you're going to take away their power and you're going to break that iron triangle of lobbyists, big money and influence over the legislative process, which has so badly embarrassed so many of us. And it is the gateway to draining the swamp. And I thank you, Steve.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

Governor Bush, you have the next question, and to whom does it go?

BUSH Senator Hatch. Let me start by this way, Aye muchos espanos que viene en este estado -- there's a lot of -- there's a lot of Hispanic-Americans who live in this state. They're allowed to live in my state as well, which is a reminder that our party must broaden our base. I tried to use my compassionate conservative message to do just that in the state of Texas and all across the country.

How do you intend -- how do you intend to reach the growing number of Hispanics? How do you intend to attract them to the Republican Party?

HATCH Well, first of all, I think, Governor Bush, you deserve a lot of credit. You're one of the Republicans who really has reached out to women, minorities, especially Hispanics. You had a good black vote in the last election, the African-Americans supported you. I think that's the one of the strongest things that you have going for you.

I have to say, you're not alone, however. Long before you became governor, I started the Hispanic Task Force in the United States Senate.

We set up a task force of Hispanic leaders from all over America. We didn't care whether they were Democrats, independents, Republicans or what. We just picked the people that we thought were the best people would come together and try and give us ways of incorporating the Hispanic community, as well as the African-American community and other minorities as well, into the Republican Party. And we have a tremendously fine-going organization doing that to this day.

And so you and I agree, it's a pathetic party that isn't going out there and doing everything it possibly can to win over women and minorities. And I've got to admit, I offered to do this in the last presidential election, to go to all the southern states, I was asked -- and the border states with regard to Hispanics -- I was asked to go one time.

And I've got to tell you, we've got to do a better job this time. We're going to win that vote this next time and it's going to be because of people like you, people like me -- we're going to win it.

BUSH One of the things that...



... one of the things that I found in my state, particularly when I focused on education, is that when I announce we're going to abolish social promotion in Texas schools, which is a system that's so -- got such low hopes and low expectations, that minority parents said thank you, Governor, thank you. Do you have any comments on...

HATCH Well, I think minority parents owe you, and I think Republicans owe you. You've been a great governor. My only problem with you, Governor, is that you've only had four and going into your fifth year of governorship in a constitutionally weak governorship. And frankly, I really believe that you need more experience before you become president of the United States. That's why I'm thinking of you as a vice presidential candidate.





Because if you had -- just think -- just think -- Ronald Reagan picked your father because he had foreign policy experience. Somebody suggested the other day you should pick me because I have foreign policy experience. They've got it all wrong. I should be president. You should have eight years with me and boy, you'll make a heck of a president after eight years. I'll tell you.



MODERATOR Thank you, Senator Hatch.

HATCH I can only compromise so much.

MODERATOR Governor Bush -- before you get carried away here. Mr. Keyes, you have the next question and to whom is it directed?

KEYES I'd like to address my question to Mr. Forbes, because I know that you often say that you'd like to get rid of the IRS and the tax code and so forth and so on, but I'm slightly confused because it does seem to me that what you propose is not that we strike off the chains of tax slavery, but that we equalize them, in which case we will still have to have an agency -- I guess we could call it the happy face enforcer of equal tax serfdom. But...



... but it would still be there. It would still be there. It would still be enforcing an invasive tax that would require that people tell the government what the government oughtn't to know.

MODERATOR Your question, please?

KEYES How do you abolish the IRS, if you don't get rid of the income tax?



FORBES Well, Alan, whatever tax you have, whether it's the flat tax or national sales tax, you are going to have to have a collection agency to make sure the money comes in.

The virtue of the flat tax is since you can do it on a single page, since it's simple, you don't need 110,000 agents to do it. You just need a handful to take in the paper, make sure the checks are attached, that they clear, and the job is done. The first -- and for tax serfdom, under my tax plan, the first $36,000 of income of a family of four is free of federal income tax. And you don't need an accountant to figure out what credits you qualify for.

Also too, there's no tax on your pension benefits. You already paid the tax. No tax on Social Security benefits, and no death taxes. You should be allowed to leave the world unmolested by the IRS.





And as I pointed out, this helps real working people -- a family in New Hampshire, the Daley (ph) family, mom, dad, three kids. They own a fish market. They figure they'd save enough money under the flat tax to be able to afford family health insurance -- real savings for real working Americans.

MODERATOR A follow-up.



KEYES Well, I think part of the problem is that since folks would still be subject under your plan to an income tax, when they wanted to give themselves -- when they wanted a tax cut, they'd still have to beg their politicians. I mean, under a sales tax system, they give themselves a tax cut by changing their pattern of consumption. So if we really want to give people control of their money, shouldn't we just abolish the income tax?

FORBES Well, I think if you abolish it for lower income Americans, yes, that's absolutely true, and that's what I do.

And as for the national sales tax, you know, either a flat tax or a national sales tax would be much better than what we have today. But there are challenges for a national sales tax. Depending on what you choose to exempt, the rate can be 20 to 35 percent.

So a kid comes and cuts your lawn, you owe a 35 percent tax. You send your kid to college, pay tuition, 35 percent tax. That's real -- that's a real burden on people. You buy a new house, 35 percent tax.

And also, too, you better make sure you repeal the 16th Amendment to the Constitution, which enables after the income tax, you're going to have both an income tax and a sales tax. And as for those IRS agents, I will support job retraining. I am compassionate.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.



Senator Hatch, your question goes to?

HATCH Alan Keyes. You're all that's left, Alan.



You're plenty, though, I'll tell you, you're great.



Last week in New Hampshire, I proposed that all six of us leave our handlers behind, get on the same bus and campaign from town to town, through New Hampshire for a week, through Iowa for a week. And I'd be willing to amend that to include, of course -- of course Arizona for a week. I think this format would prove more valuable to the American people in picking the best Republican nominee for president.

Of course, this will only work if all six of us agree to participate. Now, don't you think it's time we stop electing the best campaign and start electing the best candidates?

MODERATOR We need a question.

HATCH What do you think about that?

KEYES Well, as I said at the time, Senator, I think it would be a wonderful idea, because I think that the American people deserve to see the person that is actually going to occupy that office and who'll be making the decisions.

People can say all they like that you elect this team or that team, we are forgetting, aren't we, the old story of the loneliness of the presidency. The loneliness of executive power is not a joke. There are times when it all comes down to you -- to your experience, to your knowledge, to your understanding of the principle.

If you can't stand on your own two feet, if you're always looking for somebody else to put words into your mouth, then at that critical moment of decision, who's going to take the place of the one who should be making the judgment?

I think it is time that we put something in place in our political system that will allow folks to see individuals apart from all the folks who are their support, apart from the people who put fancy words in their mouth, and instead see how they think, what they think and why over a period of time that would give them a chance to understand how people can really perform when they're on their own.

I'm not afraid of that tact. I've got to tell you, I'm not sure everybody else in this race can say that. But I think they'll be proving it if that's your position. And go out there and instead of running on their name or on their wealth, let's see them run on their abilities, as I'm doing. And if they can get as far as I have gotten, then maybe they deserve to go farther.



HATCH Amen. What would...



What do you think the voters of Arizona, Iowa and New Hampshire should do about a candidate who is not willing to forgo the scripted campaign appearances and campaign directly like this to the people?

KEYES Well, I've got to tell you, Senator, far be it for me to try to dictate to the people of Arizona, Iowa, New Hampshire, the rest of the country. I will leave it in their capable hands. But I will say this, some times we treat this whole election business as if it's about what we do for voters. And, my friends, that is not true. It is about what the voters of this country are going to do for America. Whether they're going to have the good sense to make judgments that will be good not only for your selfish purposes, but for the purpose of perpetuating this nation's liberty and prosperity and justice so that our children and their children can enjoy it.

The Constitution says, "secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."

And that means that when you go into that voting booth, you're not just voting for yourself. You've got to vote for the future of this country.



MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes and Senator Hatch.

And now we go to the second round of candidate-to-candidate questions. This time, Mr. Forbes will lead off and tell us to whom your question is directed.

FORBES This will surprise you, Judy. It goes to George Bush.



We know that Texas is the second-largest state in the union, that it is the 11th largest economy in the world.

BUSH That's good.

FORBES It's also first in the nation in oil production. OPEC in recent months has been jacking up prices by withholding production. That means, of course, the consumers and farmers are hurt because prices go up. New England's going to have a very expensive winter with heating oil. What would you do to get the price down again?

BUSH I would encourage exploration. I mean, it's a matter of supply and demand. I would put -- I'd keep plans in place to say to our drillers We want you to continue exploring.

I've also got great hope for the natural gas business. The natural gas business is immune to OPEC. The natural gas business is hemispheric in nature. The natural gas business is finally recovering from the foolish ways of the Jimmy Carter-era when they tried to nationalize, in essence, the natural gas business with price fixing and demand. The demand for gas has finally come back, as you know, Mr. Forbes.

And so, I've got great hope...

FORBES You can call me Steve.

BUSH Let me finish, excuse me.



FORBES You can call me Steve.

BUSH I will call you Steve. The natural gas business is coming back. And that's good. That's how we become less dependent.

FORBES As a follow-up question, that's very good for exploration. We need to open ANWR and the like. Also good for the future and natural gas. But right now, OPEC is putting the squeeze on. Oil prices have almost tripled in recent months.

Again, what would you do now to get that price down now? Not a few years from now?

BUSH Well, what I did...

FORBES Also, too -- also too -- how low would you get the price to go?

BUSH First of all, governments don't control the price of oil, at least in America, as you know. I did something in Texas that will have a near immediate effect, and that is decontrol our electricity system to invite a different type of demand into the equation in Texas.

In other words, your focusing on the supply side. I think we need to wean ourself off of foreign oil and rely upon other products. And in my state of Texas, we're doing that. We've got a huge demand for natural gas, which is, as you know, is immune from OPEC and immune from overseas pricing controls.

FORBES Thank you.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, Mr. Forbes, thank you.

All right, the next question from Governor Bush, and to whom does it go?

BUSH John McCain.

Senator, as the governor of Texas...

McCAIN Call me John...



BUSH What did he say?



Call you Steve or John?



McCAIN I prefer John, but if you want Steve, it's OK.

BUSH Wherever you are out there.

As the governor of Texas and as the -- which is the 11th -- if it were an economy, as Steve mentioned, we would be the 11th largest- nation in the world.



I have worked hard to encourage faith-based institutions and organizations to help people in need. I've laid a specific program to do so should I become the president.

What is your ideas on faith-based programs, and what specifically would you do to encourage their involvement?

McCAIN I think you're on the right track, Governor or George or W or Bush.



I think -- I think you're on the right track. I think it's important. I think that our charter schools in Arizona are a classic example of that. I walked into a charter school classroom in Phoenix -- I hope you'll take time to visit it tomorrow -- with Bill Bennett. On the desk was a -- was "The Children's Book of Virtues," the teacher was teaching the virtue of the month, which happened to be the importance of telling the truth.

We need to inject that in all of our charter schools and in schools all over America. I would provide the much needed tax breaks that are necessary to encourage them. I would certainly make them part of any voucher program, a test voucher program -- which, by the way, I would not take out of education funds.

On the issue of this oil and gas, I'd direct your attention back to what's going on in Chechnya right now, because there's vast gas and oil reserves in Azerbaijan and Central Asia. If the Russians control the outlets of that and overthrow those governments, then you're not going to get access to that and the price of oil is going to stay up and the OPEC companies are going to keep it in their grip.

I'd pay attention to what's happened in Chechnya, and I'd stop the Russians from doing what they're doing. And that way we can bring the price of oil down.

BUSH One of the things, John, that...

McCAIN Thank you.

BUSH ... that I've suggested is we allow non-itemizers to deduct charitable contributions off their income tax returns. Do you agree with that? And -- well, I'd like your comments on that idea.

McCAIN Sure, I agree with that. And I also agree with many of the other tax breaks and incentives that you have proposed, and I think they're important. Many -- yours and mine are somewhat similar.

But there's a big difference. I do not envision surpluses forever. Harry Truman used to say that he wanted a one- armed economist, because they always say, on the one hand and on the other hand. And the fact is that I don't know that we're going to have surpluses forever. That's why I'd take the money for tax breaks out of wasteful spending and corporate welfare.

I hope that you would look at that way of addressing the issue of cutting the much heavy burden taxes of the American family.

Thank you, George.

MODERATOR All right, thank you Senator McCain, Governor Bush.

Our next question comes from Mr. Bauer, and to whom does it go?

BAUER Judy, my question is for Steve Forbes. But Steve, I want to be honest with you. The question is actually from my mother back in Newport, Kentucky. And I promised that I'd ask you today. She hasn't had a lot of formal schooling, but she's got a lot of good old American common sense. And she's got some real problems with your Social Security ideas. In fact she used the word "scheme" when she said something about it.

She hears you say that current retirees will be able to keep all their benefits. But then you turn around and say the current workers will be able to take half their money out for these accounts on Wall Street. Since current workers' money is what's paying current retirees...

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, we need a question.

BAUER ... aren't you trying to have it both ways?

FORBES Gary, you can reassure your mother. I'm glad you're a devoted son.



But you can reassure your mother that if my plan had been in place 30 years ago, your mother today would have two to three times the benefits she enjoys. And why you'd want a system to stay in place that gives such a rotten return to the American people, that allows the politicians to waste that money, spend it, misuse is, so those benefits are in jeopardy in the future, it doesn't make any sense. And in terms of the future, we are a rich nation, we can afford -- I've looked at the numbers, you can find it on my web site -- we can afford to keep the current system for those who are on it and those about to go on it.

But I think we need an honest deal for the American people, for the American worker where their money, instead of going in the hands of the grasping Washington politicians, instead that money, their tax dollars would go to their own individual, personal retirement account. That way it belongs to them, not Washington. That way they have a more secure retirement, a better retirement. They're better off. America is better off. And your mother would have been better off. So, tell her in the future, mothers like your mother will have a better future.



BAUER Steve, I think you might have just said more than you wanted to. It sounded to me like you were saying that you think Social Security when it was set up was a mistake.

FORBES Oh, no. Quite the opposite, Gary.

BAUER Where I grew up -- well, but you said 30 years ago we set up a system that had bad returns. Social Security kept the elderly in my neighborhood from living in poverty.

FORBES Oh, no, Gary. No, no, no.

BAUER Was it a good program or a bad program?

FORBES Gary, the concept is a sound one; helping people in their older years. The question is, how do you do it in a way that the politicians aren't always wrecking it and going back on promises so that we hear proposals about raising the retirement age.

Under my plan, not only will you have more for retirement, but also, you choose your retirement age. If you want to do it at 60, go ahead. If you want to work until you're 85, go ahead. It's in your hands, not the politicians.

And in Washington, you know what they do with the money. They take it in, pay the benefits. And with the rest of the money, what do they do? They spend it. I've compared it. You heard the reference to bears; bears love honey even if they don't -- even if they promise not to eat it, you know they will. The politicians love money; they promise won't spend it, but you know they will.

I want to do better by your mother than the old system did.

MODERATOR That's time. All right. Thank you, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Bauer. The next question comes from Mr. Keyes. And to whom is it directed?

KEYES I'd like to ask my question if I can -- can I still ask Gary?

MODERATOR Has Mr. Bauer been asked a question? No, he has not.

KEYES I'd like to address my question to Gary, because Gary, I know that you and I agree that we should have a linkage policy and that countries like China shouldn't be in the World Trade Organization. But in light of the fact that the World Trade Organization is an unrepresentative body based on an illegitimate principle of government -- it is not a body that contains entities that are based upon consent and yet it could make decision that affect the lives, jobs and livelihood of Americans.

Our Constitution says that our representative bodies are supposed to be composed of states based on republican forms of government -- consent, not dictatorship for any of them. How can you support our membership in the World Trade Organization without violating our constitutional liberties?

BAUER Well, Alan, as you know from some of our previous debates and discussions, I don't like bureaucrats -- bureaucrats that are out of the reach of the people. I don't like HMO bureaucrats. That's why I support a right to sue. I don't like Washington bureaucrats that are trying to run the schools. And I don't like WTO bureaucrats either.

I think that when decisions are made that affect the way we live, that affect our jobs, that affect what we can do with investments and so forth -- those decisions ought to be made by people that we can reach; that if we don't like what they've decided, we can get rid of them. And I believe that in the case of the WTO, it's a system out of control.

I don't agree with the demonstrators in the street. I think they had a lot of hidden agendas. That was the left fighting battles in the '60s. But they were right about one thing The WTO is not representative. It's an alliance between some third world countries and a lot of big corporations. And I think it's hurting American workers and American farmers.

KEYES Well, a follow-up just to clarify the point, because I think this is terrible important. Because I too -- I don't agree with all their causes, but I think what caused them to go into the streets was that the WTO is a violation of our principle of representative government.



We have signed on to something that is destroying our constitutional sovereignty. Do you believe that we should in fact withdraw from such illegitimate arrangements until we have renegotiated them on a more constitutional basis? BAUER I will take a look at WTO and GATT and all of those arrangements. I will first look to see whether there are reforms that can be made so that we can encourage trade. Because I believe that if the playing field is fair, American workers, American farmers, can out-compete anybody in the world.

But if I find, as I suspect I will with WTO, that the system is so broke that it can't be fixed, that we've got to start over from ground zero, as president I am prepared to do that in order to protect American workers and farmers.

MODERATOR All right, thank you Mr. Bauer, Mr. Keyes.



The next question comes from Senator McCain, and to whom is it directed?

McCAIN Senator Hatch.

Orrin, you and I have worked on a couple of very important pieces of legislation in the past few years. One of them is the Y2K product liability reform act, which was very important to keep us from experiencing a flood of litigation as the result of the year 2000. The other one was the Internet tax moratorium act.

As you know this was stoutly resisted by governors, Republicans governors as well.

Don't you think we ought to make the Internet tax moratorium permanent?

HATCH Yes, I really do. I really think that we ought to do it, because I think it's far overblown to think that the fact that people buy over the Internet is going to reduce mainstream USA. I think mainstream USA can compete very, very well.

I mentioned last week, I asked my wife about that, I said Elaine, what would you do if you could order everything right over the Internet and have it delivered right to your home? She said I still want to go to the stores, I want to test things, I want to look at them, I want to enjoy it. I think she's not alone.

I think there are a lot of people out there. But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't be encouraging one of the most important innovations in the history of the world, and that's the Internet.

And I'll tell you what I'm worried about. I'm worried about, like everybody up here, I think all my colleagues would agree, I'm worried about the almighty hand of the federal government coming in and oppressing the Internet and stifling innovation and creativity and the greatest, really, innovation -- innovative approach we've had.



Now, look, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I've been in the Senate for 23 years, I've had a lot of experience on a lot of these things, we handle most of all -- in fact, I handle all of the intellectual property issues. I've got to tell you, they are some of the most important issues in our government, in our country today. And we want to keep government's mitts off as much as we can. And if we do, we'll reap the benefits from it.

McCAIN Well, Orrin, as you know, there are many Republican governors that are seeking Internet taxation on the grounds that they're being deprived of revenues when in fact it will adversely affect the entire e-commence and, according to recent studies, as much as 24 percent impact on commerce conducted over the Internet.

MODERATOR We need a question, Senator McCain.

McCAIN Mccain2000.com. How are we going to stop them, Orrin.

HATCH Well, I think you should go to...



... I think you should go to orrinhatch.com.



And learn how to become a skinny cat, because I'm asking a million people to give $36 and I'll win this campaign for you and I'll make sure these things work.

But let me just tell you this, the Internet is extremely important. My own governor is a very thoughtful, reflective person, and he's worried sick about mainstream USA. I'm worried -- I'm worried more sick about innovation, creativity and forward looks.

And I think we've got to continue to foster and augment the Internet as much as we can and allow these great companies almost the full sway to keep going.

On the other hand, we'll have to look at it very carefully and if we see there are some things where we have to -- where they have to be corrected, maybe we'll have to step in. But right now, I'm against it.

MODERATOR All right, thank you, Senator Hatch. Thank you, Senator McCain. And the final question comes from Senator Hatch to Mr. Keyes.

KEYES (OFF-MIKE)



HATCH Listen, I can't think of a better person I'd like to be stuck with, let me tell you. Alan, as you know, I've been very concerned about some of these campaign finance approaches. I have no question in my mind that we need to change the system that we have, but I think that the McCain-Feingold bill is unconstitutional because it bars the parties from participating and leaving CNN, everybody else, every public interest organization can use the same money to participate. And it seems to me it's just plain wrong.

What do you think about it?

KEYES Well, I actually think that all of these approaches are wrong because they're based on a premise that I think is unconstitutional. If we have the right of free association, then I think we have the right to associate our money with the causes we believe in in any amount that we think is necessary to get those causes to work.

HATCH Amen.



KEYES If the government...



... for government to step in and for these politicians to be dictating what we can do under that rubric is a total violation of our constitutional rights and I think we ought to abandon it. It turns out to be incumbency protection anyway. They will never devise a system that isn't in their own interests.

Let's devise one that's in the interests of our freedom. More freedom not less -- simple premises that we should have -- very simple ones. No dollar vote without a ballot vote. You understand that? If you can't walk into the voting booth and cast a vote, you should not be able to make a contribution. No corporate contributions, no union contributions...



... no contributions, whatsoever, from any entities that are not actual breathing voters who can go cast a vote. And when you cast that vote, it should be publicized right away. The whole world should know who's giving what to whom, so that the voters can enforce the result, not some gaggle of politicians acting in their own interests.

I think if we have that simple system of liberty, based on our constitutional rights, then we will be able to exercise that liberty. And the people at the voting booth will decide what special interests should be driven out of politics, by driving out the politicians who represent them.

HATCH I believe...



HATCH I believe that the best thing we can do, is we do need reform but it should be disclosure, disclosure, disclosure -- on the Internet within two weeks of receipts and expenditures. What do you think of that idea? Because that's what we're doing at orrinhatch.com, I'll tell you that.

KEYES That is... 

... that is exactly in line with the second point that I just made, because I think that at the end of the day, we should not try to have bureaucrats and other people enforcing this kind of political discipline. At then end of the day it's up to us, the voters. But how can we do it if we don't have the information?

And you know the information we need? We need to know who's giving what to whom. And rich folks who want to give a lot of money to candidates and causes they believe in, they should be forced, not behind PACs and camouflage, but under their own names, right out into the political arena, into the heat and dust of the political fray.

If they're willing to bear that kind of heat, then they can make their contributions. I have a feeling a lot of them won't be willing to bear it though. And that will itself regulate participation of money in our politics.

But at the end of the day, publicity tied with our informed voting is the best way to regulate this system.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Thank you, Mr. Keyes, Senator Hatch. You all are having so much fun, we hate to stop this candidate to candidate questioning, but it is now time to move to the final phase of this debate when each candidate will have a minute for closing remarks. And we will begin with Mr. Bauer.

BAUER Thank you, Judy.

Thank you all very much. If the next century is going to be an American century, we must be ready and prepared to deal with issues of the human heart. We must rebuild the American family so that fewer of our children cry themselves to sleep at night. We have to teach our children to reject the message of the culture that says if it feels good, do it. And instead teach them to temper their liberty with virtue.

We have to reach racial reconciliation by reminding each other that we're brothers and sisters because we were all created by God. We have to have a foreign policy built on American values found in the Declaration of Independence, not just from somebody's corporate line.

And most importantly, we need to set another place at the table. This time for our own flesh and blood, our unborn children who ought to be welcomed into the world and protected by the law.

This is what the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan ought to stand for, and this is what I will fight for as president of the United States.

Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Governor Bush.

BUSH I've asked my great wife and our girls to join me in this cause because I believe the American dream must touch every willing heart, must help those who work hard to achieve the dream.

I've got a conservative agenda that will reduce the taxes and not only keep prosperity alive, but to help people who live on the outskirts of poverty.

I believe we can keep the peace by keeping America militarily strong.

I want to make sure every child is educated and no child is left behind.

I've got a plan that will encourage faith-based organizations to help people in need.

And I've got a plan to make sure our Social Security system is safe and secure.

I will work hard to unite our party, put an optimistic face on our conservative philosophy.

I believe when we match our conservative minds with our compassionate hearts, we will earn the confidence, the respect and the votes of our fellow Americans.

I'm asking for your vote. Thank you for your consideration and God bless.



MODERATOR Thank you, Governor.

Senator Hatch.

HATCH I have more experience in fighting for you than anybody up here and certainly more than the two Democrats who are running as well. I have a record of accomplishment that I don't think can be matched.

I have a reputation for bringing those diverse elements together in Washington and getting things done.

Look, I wasn't born to wealth. We were dirt poor. I didn't even realize it until I got to high school, then I realized it.

I raised chickens and sold eggs as a young boy door to door; learned a trade; became a member of the AFL-CIO; became a journeyman lather; worked in the building construction trade unions for 10 years. I want you to know I worked as janitor when I went to college. It was humble work, but it was all I had -- 65 cents an hour.

I understand you. I've been fighting for you for 23 solid years, and I know how to do it. And I'm not just talking about it; I've done it.

I'm going to just end by saying we really need the leader of the free world to be a person of candor, honesty, intelligence and ability. I want to serve you. And if you'll give me the chance, I guarantee I won't let you down.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you.



Senator McCain.

McCAIN I want to thank all my friends from Arizona who are here tonight. I've been honored to serve you and you've elected me on five separate occasions with 70 percent of the vote last time. And I've tried to represent you according to the principles of Barry Goldwater and Morris Udall and other great Arizonans. I've running for president because I want to reform government. I want to reform the tax code, which is 44,000 pages long. I want to reform the military so we can meet the post-Cold War challenges. I want to reform education so that every parent in America can have the choice of sending their child to the school of their choice.

I can't do that unless we reform this broken campaign finance system. I commit to you until the last breath I draw I will rid this country of the special interests which have deprived you of your interests in Washington.

I promise you I will do that and then I will be able to inspire a generation of Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self-interest.

Please join me in this great crusade.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator McCain.



Mr. Keyes.

KEYES Thank you very much.

You know, even in listening to the comments and things that have been made tonight, I guess I get a sense of some of the differences between myself and others who are up here. Because all of this business of standing in front of you and promising, I'm going to do this for you and that for you and we're going to take care of the other thing for you and tax codes, everything, this is not what this country is about. We are supposed to take care of ourselves, and the government's a mere instrument for doing a few things that we do collectively when we can't take care of ourselves. That concept was the one it was founded on. And I think we've -- we're losing confidence in it because we're losing confidence in ourselves; and we're losing confidence in ourselves because we've allowed the basic moral principles that guarantee our conscience and integrity to be abandoned and betrayed. So I think our first priority is to restore allegiance to those principles by making it clear that we do not have the right to destroy innocent life in the womb because God is the source of those rights, not human choice.



And if we respect that authority, if we respect that authority, then we reestablish the basis for moral conscience, moral discipline...

MODERATOR Thank you.

KEYES ... and the kind of self-respect that is the true basis for confidence in our liberty.

MODERATOR Thank you.



Mr. Forbes.

FORBES Thank you very much, Judy. Thank all of you for being here tonight and participating in this process.

The purpose of my campaign is to give new meaning to Lincoln's words at Gettysburg where he talked about a new birth of freedom, that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.

We're on the cusp of a fabulous and extraordinary era. But won't realize the extraordinary potentials that are out their, the possibilities, unless we have a break from the grip of politics as usual. Washington can't do it. Washington and the government is taking too much of your money, which is hurting the quality of life.

We need a new birth of freedom for the freedom to be born. Freedom from fear of the IRS. Freedom for parents to choose schools that work for their children. Freedom for young people to choose where their social security taxes are invested. Freedoms for parents to choose schools that work best not only for their children, but their grandchildren as well.

We can make these things happen. But I need your help. I'm one person, I can't do it alone. With your help, we will redeem the promise of America. Thank you very much and God Bless you.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Thank you, Mr. Forbes. And with that, we conclude this CNN Election 2000 presentation. We want to thank first and foremost, the candidates for your participation, your cooperation. We want to thank the people of Phoenix. We want to thank this audience. We want to thank the Arizona Republican Party.

I am Judy Woodruff. And on behalf of my colleagues at CNN, in particular Candy Crowley and John King, all of us thank you very much.


MODERATOR Good evening. Here in New Hampshire we have the privilege of casting the first votes for president in the nation. It also affords us the opportunity for extensive interaction with the presidential candidates every four years.

LOSER The New Hampshire primary is now less than two months away, and issues have begun to emerge both from and about the candidates, issues both political and personal. And that is what this forum is about, bringing together for the first time all six of the remaining Republican presidential candidates. They are former Reagan White House assistant Gary Bauer, Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona, Governor George W. Bush of Texas, former United Nations Ambassador Alan Keyes, publisher Steve Forbes, and Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah.

MODERATOR The format for the questioning will work this way. Each candidate will have one minute to respond to a question from the moderator, and then 45 seconds to answer a follow-up question.

A bell will sound when your time is up. [bell sounds]

We anticipate five rounds of questions.

Every candidate will not get the opportunity to have his say on every issue, so at the end, there will be time for closing statements.

A draw determined that Mr. Bauer should get the first question, so let us begin.

LOSER Good evening, Mr. Bauer.

LOSER How are you, Brit?

LOSER Ronald Reagan famously said again and again in 1980 to the public, "Are you better off than you were four years ago?" Everyone thought that question and people's answer helped him win.

LOSER Right.

LOSER If it were asked today, don't you think most people would say, "yes"?

LOSER Well, Brit, first of all, let me thank Fox News and WMUR that we're all here today, and you've provided us this opportunity to talk to the voters of New Hampshire and the United States. It's an important process, and we're going to determine whether we're going to be the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan, so I'm glad you asked with a quote from Ronald Reagan.

I think people would answer the question "yes" when it came to some economic issues. We've got lower unemployment than we had a number of years ago, you mentioned before the show, I guess, the NASDAQ was up a hundred points today — that's great.

But in other ways, we're hurting. You know, the culture is more coarse now than it was four or eight years ago, the breakdown of values continues, we still haven't welcomed our unborn children into the family of — the American family. There are a lot of places where we've got to make improvement, and I think a president from the party of Lincoln and Reagan will accomplish that.

LOSER Let me follow up with you on the issue that you have made the foremost issue in your campaign — abortion.

You appear to have a position, sir, that is at variance with what majorities consistently say they favor. How do you propose to accomplish the end of legal abortion as we know it if you were president?

LOSER Brit, I don't think I'm at odds with the majority at all. But I must tell you that if I was, it wouldn't make any difference. This is a fundamental question. It's about whether or not our unborn children are part of the American family, protected by the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. I think there are serious differences between us on this. I think that a Republican presidential nominee must be clear that his running mate will be pro-life. Mine will be. I hope tonight that Governor Bush will clarify and finally agree that his will be. I think our judges have to be unambiguous about this. It's the most important thing we'll do as president. I won't put any bigots on the court, and I will insist that all of my judges believe that all of our children should be welcomed into the world and protected by the law.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, in your home state of Arizona, and in Washington, D.C., fellow Republicans make an issue of your temper. It is one thing to feel passionate about the issues, but why is it that those who know you best seem to like you the least?

LOSER Thank you. And thank you all for doing this tonight, Brit and Karen.

You know, a comment like that really makes me mad. [laughs] [laughter] The fact is, I have very close and dear friends in Arizona and in the Senate and in the House, and very dear friends all over America, I'm happy to say. Do I feel passionately about issues? Absolutely. When I see the Congress of the United States spend $6 billion on unnecessary, wasteful pork barrel spending, and we have 12,000 enlisted families, brave men and women, on food stamps, yeah, I get angry.

And you know, a lot of those young people have come up and said to me, "Thanks for fighting for me."

If everybody who wants the status quo in Washington wants to remain so, then I'm not their guy. But I can assure you, Karen, that I'm going to change the status quo in Washington. We're going to rid the government of the special interests, and from time to time those of us like Barry Goldwater and Morris Udall, who stand in an independent fashion, are going to break some china, but I'm very proud of my record of achievement.

MODERATOR Let me follow up, then. If you have friends in Washington — and I assume you do — why is it, then, a majority of your fellow Republican senators have endorsed Governor Bush while only a handful have endorsed you?

LOSER Well, I think that that's testimony to the attractiveness of Governor Bush. I believe that I have significant support throughout the nation. Here in New Hampshire, we're doing very well. Again, I lodge no criticism at anyone in Washington, but it is very clear to all the lobbyists and the special influence people that run Washington now that if John McCain is president of the United States, things are going to be a lot different.

We're not going to have soft money; we're going to return the government to the people of this country who deserve it and who have lost it, and we're going to have young men and women involved again in the political process instead of become cynical and alienated, and I believe that I can motivate them to do so. But first, I'm going to clean up Washington.

LOSER Good evening, Senator Hatch.

LOSER Good evening. How are you, Brit?

LOSER Has Senator McCain answered that question to your satisfaction? You're one of those who know him best. You're one of those who see him and his personality. Has he answered that question correctly about why it is that Republican senators in such numbers seem not to be for him?

LOSER Well, you know, I think he has. And I think John is a passionate person. He does have a temper, there's no question about it and sometimes it's awful to be on the other side of it. [chuckles] But to make a long story short, there are a lot of people around there have had tempers, and a lot of others throughout our society who have served very well who have had tempers.

If the temper becomes nasty, that's another matter.

Now, let me just say this to you. I do disagree with John with regard to campaign finance reform. I think true campaign finance reform is what I'm doing. Today you can get everybody who's donated to me on my web page www.orrinhatch.com or orrinhatch.org. I have to say, Governor, in contrast to yours, it's easy to find everything on mine. [chuckles] It's pretty tough to use yours! Yours is not user friendly. But I think that's what should be done. And I think real campaign finance reform is disclosure, disclosure, disclosure. And I think that's what I'm trying to do, plus low donations.

LOSER Senator Hatch, as recently as a couple of weeks ago on my broadcast on Fox News Channel you articulated some concerns about Senator McCain that went beyond what you're willing to say here. Have you now changed your mind about him?

LOSER I don't think I did. I think I pretty well implied what I felt then and what I feel right now.

No, I'm not willing to change my mind. I don't agree with John on a lot of things. I certainly don't agree with him on campaign finance reform. I think that would devastate the Republican Party while leaving the Democratic Party completely open for independent expenditure campaigns by the unions, who CRS, Congressional Research Service, says spend somewhere in the neighborhood of a half billion dollars every two years in getting out the vote, something they would continue to be able to do while the Republican Party would not be able to have any special interest group that would help them. And if it is wrong for public interest groups — or right for them, why isn't it right for the parties?

MODERATOR Good evening, Mr. Keyes.

LOSER Hi.

MODERATOR In October you accused the media of being racist for their apparent disinterest in you during a press availability.

Is that racism or is it a reflection of your standing in the polls?

LOSER Well, I don't see how that could be. I think these polls are phony to begin with. They are a manipulated result aimed at trying to usurp and preempt the choice of the American people. But there have been some of these phony polls lately that show me ahead of people you've given more attention to, including folks who are standing right next to me right now.

So by the criteria that the phony folks in the media use, you are violating your own criteria. And I have to look around for another explanation when that happens. And I know that explanation from the time I stepped forward. You know, when I first stepped forward, the only thing people in the media wanted to ask me about was race. And I used to wonder why, because I was speaking to an issue far more important than that in my opinion, which is the root, in fact, of our racial difficulties the decline of our moral character, principle and decency; the abandonment of the basic premise that our rights come from God, not from our mother's choice, not from the Constitution's choice, but from the will of God.

You want racial justice, you want any kind of justice, that's the foundation we need for it in this country.

And the press refused to ask me about anything but racial issues. [bell sounds]

MODERATOR Well, to accuse anyone of racism is a pretty strong statement. After all, you're here tonight for all of the world to see and hear. So do you have any regrets about what you said?

LOSER Oh, absolutely not. Matter of fact, I think it is persistently still true. Polls came out in the past couple of weeks, your own phone poll, that showed me third in this race. And suddenly I found that people in the face of those polls were acting as if it has become a two-man race, because they wanted to continue the black-out, which means that you keep the black out.

I'm sick of it. And I think the American people need to be given an opportunity to demonstrate what the folks in Alabama demonstrated when I won the Republican state-wide straw poll in Alabama that that's a thing of the past for a lot of Americans.

They are looking at me in terms of the stands I take on the important moral issues and other issues that confront this country because they know that the moral crisis of this nation's life is in fact the top challenge we face, and it ought to be the top priority of our national life right now, and that's what I stand for.

LOSER Good evening, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Brit, how are you?

LOSER You've got an ad on the air now — quickly put together with a telephone call — in which you accuse Governor Bush of a betrayal on Social Security because he has considered raising the age.

Is it fair to criticize someone simply for considering an option which is on nearly everybody's list of what to do about that program?

LOSER Well, again, I want to thank Fox News and WMUR for this forum tonight. It's a delight to have everyone here, including George Bush — no one is AWOL. And I hope that this is the first of a number of forums now and next month so the American people can see what our principles are, what we stand for, and why we stand for it.

Concerning Social Security, it's typical of the political culture today to make promises and then break the promises, and Governor Bush, the other day on "Meet the Press," said he would consider raising the retirement age. It has already been raised from 65 to 67. That's a betrayal. Now what are they going to raise it to, Governor? Seventy? Seventy-five? That's not fair to the people. They were made a promise, and it should be kept. And that's why I've put forth proposals to take it out of the hands of the Washington politicians and return it to "We, the People" — bold proposals.

LOSER But Mr. Forbes, you, yourself acknowledge all he has said he would do is consider that.

How can mere consideration of an option be a betrayal?

LOSER Well, Brit, you know in politics, especially in Social Security, where they've raised the retirement age, taxed benefits when they weren't supposed to, you know that's code for "We're going to do it." Guarantee that it's going to happen. And that's why the place to attack it and fight it is now. And that's why we should have a real debate on getting a new system, where we take it out of the hands of Washington politicians. And if you want to retire at 65, if you want to do it at 85, you can. Put it in your hands. Have your Social Security taxes, the vast majority, go to your own retirement account. And this is one of the fundamental differences, I think. I don't want to play by Washington's rules; I want to do it for the American people.

MODERATOR Good evening, Governor Bush.

WINNER Karen.

MODERATOR I'm going to give you a chance to respond to that. Is this code for "We're going to do it"?

WINNER I was asked a question about my plans to make sure Social Security was safe and secure. I said we need to take all the payroll taxes aiming for Social Security and dedicate it to only Social Security. I said we need personal savings account for younger workers. But what I said on that show was that we're going to keep our solemn commitment to people who've retired and near retired as far as their benefits go. And they asked me about younger workers. I said, I hope we're able to keep the benefits the same for younger workers, as well. But the key thing is to have somebody who knows how to lead, to bring people together to solve the Social Security system. We need leadership in Washington, D.C., to make sure there is a sound Social Security system.

Let me say something. I want to read something real quick. "Alas, the unaffordable promises have to be scaled back, and the best way to do that is to gradually raise the age at which one may collect his full benefits.

These now — those now in their 20s would not be eligible until they're 67 or 68." The author of that? Mr. Steve Forbes.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, if I may follow up, let me ask you point blank, would you consider or would you raise the age?

WINNER I would hope we wouldn't have to. I definitely wouldn't on those who receive benefits today and those who are near retirement. The answer is absolutely no. And I would hope we wouldn't have to on younger workers. But I'm going to Washington to save and strengthen Social Security.

LOSER Governor, you have said that you would always have people around you, as president, who would be able to fill in any gaps in your knowledge of the world and the players on the world stage. But let me ask you, do you think that President Bush could have done the job he did in assembling and holding together the Gulf War coalition, composed of many very varied nations, had he not had the knowledge of the world that he had from years of experience and diplomacy and politics at the U.N.?

WINNER In order to be a good president when it comes to foreign policy, it requires someone with vision, judgment and leadership. I've been the governor of the second biggest state in the United States. If it were a nation, it would be the 11th largest economy in the world. I was overwhelmingly reelected because the people in my state realized I know how to lead and I've shown good judgment.

A couple of weeks ago, at the Reagan Library, I talked about my vision for peace. My goal, should I become the president, is to keep the peace. I intend to do so by promoting free trade which, in my judgment, promotes American values across the world. I intend to do so by strengthening alliances, which says America cannot go alone, we must be peacemakers not peacekeepers. And I intend to strengthen the military to make sure that the world is peaceful.

LOSER With all respect, sir, I don't think you answered the question.

WINNER Well, I gave you my qualifications why I think I'll be a good foreign policy leader.

There's only one person on this stage, only one person, who has been in a chief executive officer position in terms of government; that's me, as governor of the second biggest state. I have had foreign policy as the governor of Texas, and that is with Mexico, and I've handled it well. I've got good relations with President Zedillo. I've built the bridges of trust so that when we deal with problems, common problems, we can do so in a spirit of cooperation, not a spirit of animosity.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, the next president will be dealing with the aftermath of the Microsoft antitrust case. Thus far, the federal judge has found in favor of the government, indicating that Microsoft violated antitrust laws. With high technology a key to the country's economic engine, is it in America's best interest to break up Microsoft, the way AT&T was in 1984, in order to foster competition in the software industry?

LOSER Well, again, this is an example of a Washington-based approach to trying to micromanage our economy. The fact is that technology is going to send that lawsuit to the equivalent of Jurassic Park. Already, Microsoft faces a real challenge from the explosion of band width, so the suit is going to be moot in a matter of a few months or a few years.

And in the case of Microsoft, you have to ask, What was the damage done? I mean, 10 years ago $2 billion a year was invested in new information technology startups. Now it's $80 billion a year. You've had the rise of Sun Microsystems as a competitor, the rise of the Internet, the rise of e-commerce, the rise of AOL, the comeback of Apple, the rise of Linix. Where's the harm?

So I think Washington has got to get out of the way, and that's why I've been disappointed that George Bush hasn't come out firmly against new taxes on the Internet.

We have to make that moratorium permanent. Don't kill the thing, encourage it. [bell sounds]

MODERATOR Let me follow up.

LOSER Okay.

MODERATOR If you were president then, would you encourage the case against Microsoft be dropped?

LOSER Well, I think technology is going to make it moot anyway, so why go forward with something that technology has made obsolete? Competition, technology, the ferment of the marketplace, people striving to do things better, that's what works. And that's why we should keep that moratorium on Internet taxes, and that's why also, to encourage the development of more companies like that in the future, thousands of these start-ups, we should get rid of the capital gains tax, which my friend, George Bush, refuses to touch. We should also get rid of this tax code, which is a burden on working people and a burden on America's future. We can do better. Why not?

LOSER Senator McCain, there have been reports of a whispering campaign by some, including some in the Senate, suggesting that any ferocity of temper that you may have been displayed was somehow a result perhaps of your war experience. Let me ask you, sir, are you aware of anyone specifically who has spread this, particularly any of your Republican Senate colleagues?

LOSER Of course not. No, I am not.

LOSER Well —

LOSER Nor do I particularly let it be of concern to me. We're running a campaign that we're very happy with, and we're doing just fine.

And by the way, the best, I think, testimony into a politician is how the people of his state feel about him. I was just reelected last November with over 70 percent of the vote, including 55 percent of the Hispanic vote, including the support that I'm particularly honored by of all 25 Indian tribes in my state. People in my state expect people to act in an independent and principled fashion. That's a long tradition, and I've been trying to adhere to it, because I've got some significant examples that preceded me.

LOSER There is something, though, Senator, that leads to the failure of more of your Republican colleagues to endorse you, to the fact that you — there are a number of Republicans in Arizona who have been critical of you. The governor has endorsed one of your rivals.

What's going on there, really, in your judgment?

LOSER Well, what's going on in Arizona is that the Republican mayors of Tucson and Phoenix and virtually every other Republican mayor in Arizona, every Republican supervisor, every Republican sheriff — they are overwhelmingly in support of my candidacy, as are all the former party people, and I'm very pleased and proud. That's exactly what's going on, and we'll do very well in the state of Arizona, and thanks for asking. [chuckles]

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer?

LOSER Yes?

MODERATOR You oppose the idea of personal retirement accounts as a way to reform Social Security. Instead, you propose an immediate 20 percent in the Social Security payroll tax.

LOSER Right.

MODERATOR When the system is poised to go broke in the year 2012, how can you justify cutting the revenue stream that assures retirees their benefits?

LOSER Well, first of all, Karen, it's really important to realize why the Social Security is in so much trouble that we've read about over the years, and the basic reason is that politicians in both parties have been stealing the system blind to pay for their pet projects.

We just went through a budget deal where they did it again — they told us they were going to put the money in a lock box. It ends up that Washington, D.C. is full of safecrackers. They went in and took another $17 billion out.

I think that we need to preserve the Social Security System — where I grew up, the elderly would have been living in poverty without it. I think one of the things we can do to ease the burden on current workers is to give them a 20 percent Social Security tax cut in exchange for the fact that they'll have a slightly smaller Social Security benefit when they retire.

But unlike Steve Forbes, I would let them take the 20 percent cut and use it any way they want; Wall Street investments, for their children's education. Quite frankly, the system will be bankrupt if Steve's plan of letting everybody drop out would be put into place.

MODERATOR Let me follow up. I don't think you answered my question. There are a lot of senior citizens out there tonight watching who don't understand your plan and who fear that the money won't be there for them.

LOSER You know, Karen, I can't imagine a senior citizen fearing my plan. The plans they ought to fear are the privatization plans that say that current workers can all withdraw their current payments. It's the current payments that's paying the checks of current retirees. I will preserve the Social Security system. I hope Mr. Forbes, before the evening is over, will agree that we ought to preserve that system. It's worked well and it's served the elderly in this country.

LOSER Ambassador Keyes, you've been elected president, and you wake up one morning to find two things Taiwan has formally declared independence from China, and the Chinese have begun to fire missiles toward those off-shore islands. What do you do?

LOSER I think we have to make clear to the Chinese throughout that we intend to make good on our pledges to safeguard the security of Taiwan. I would presume that a move like that isn't going to happen without a preceding crisis, in which I would have hoped to have acted in such a way as to demonstrate, through the placement of our forces, that we intended to make good on our commitment to Taiwanese security.

I would have also been working during my administration to put in place the kind of anti-missile defenses that can be extended as an umbrella to protect people like Taiwan when they come under such threats.

I think it's terribly important, in order to avoid that eventuality, however, that we stop sending confusing signals, such as the Clinton administration has been sending, about our resolve with respect to Taiwan. The business of self-determination, of allowing people to decide their own destiny, has been fundamental to American foreign policy for decades. We have had people dying on foreign battlefields for the sake of that truth, and we should certainly stand for it where the Taiwanese are concerned.

LOSER Let's assume it came to the scenario that I outlined. What would you do then, at that moment?

LOSER Well, as I say, you would have to have in place the military forces to meet that threat, including anti-missile forces and forces that would aid the Taiwanese in repelling any Chinese attempt to take over by force the island. I think we have to make it perfectly clear that any such action on the part of the Communist Chinese would, in fact, mean a military confrontation with the United States.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, should an individual have the right to sue his or her HMO if unreasonably denied medical care? Under current law, HMOs are immune to such lawsuits. As you know, the U.S. House has passed the Patient Bill of Rights, which includes a provision for such lawsuits. The Senate has a competing bill, and it does not contain that provision.

So if the prospect of civil liability is the best means for preventing these kinds of unreasonable coverage decisions, would you support it?

LOSER Well, the best means is, of course, to allow an appeal so that the decisions aren't made by accountants and lawyers, but by doctors. The Senate bill allows that to be done. However, I do agree that the House bill has gone a little bit farther. If those appeals don't work, it seems to me there ought to be some form of litigation to be able to keep things straight.

Now, I have to say that what we're trying to avoid, and the one thing we're looking for more than anything else, is to quit making lawyers rich at the expense of everybody else, and running up the cost of the system.

So there has to be ultimately, I think, and there will be ultimately in the final bill, there will be some sort of ability to bring litigation if justice isn't really going to occur.

You know, the Senate bill is stronger. The House bill does provide for that. And I think there will be a compromise where ultimately there will be a provision for litigation, but something that hopefully will not just make the attorneys rich and run the cost of hospitalization and other medical services up.

MODERATOR Well, some would dispute that. They would say the cost really is not the issue here. According to an independent study that was sponsored by the Kaiser Family Foundation, it showed that the cost of litigation against HMOs is really only between 3 and 13 cents per enrollee. So some would ask why then allow the HMOs this special legal status?

LOSER Is that 3 or 13 cents per minute, per hour, per day, per what? The fact of the matter is, you're looking at somebody who was a medical liability defense lawyer at one time. And I've estimated that it costs us an extra $300 billion a year in health care costs, if not more, because of unjustified litigation.

So we want to make sure that patients have rights, that they are protected. And if litigation is the only way they can be, we want to provide that they are. But if we can avoid litigation, it saves every taxpayer in America, it saves Mom and Dad and all the kids and everybody else who's going to have to pay taxes, it saves them that money and really basically preserves our economy.

So it's a matter of bringing things together, something I've done my whole Senate career. As a matter of fact, I'm not just talking about it. I've done it. More needs to be done. That's why I'm running for president.

LOSER Mr. Forbes, the quote that Governor Bush read during the last round appeared to have you, if it is a correct quote, proposing or suggesting that you would consider doing the very thing you have got ads out criticizing him for. How do you answer that?

LOSER Well, that quote I think was written 20-some-odd years ago when the system was in crisis, and as a result of that crisis, I decided to look, why is the system always getting in trouble where they propose raising the age, cutting benefits, putting taxes on people?

And this is a prime example, Brit, of the typical Washington attitude that the American people are here to serve Washington, and its lobbyists, and special interests, and its political culture, rather than the other way around. And that's why I've developed a plan to preserve Social Security for those who are on it and those who are about to go on it, but to allow working Americans to have a choice — to stay with the old system if they wish, or to go to a new system where the bulk of their Social Security taxes will eventually go to their own personal retirement account. They'll have far more in their retirement than they can possibly get with this current system. The only losers will be the Washington politicians and special interests.

LOSER That is sure to be attacked by Democrats as — in their inimitable phrase - a risky scheme. How would you answer that — that money invested in the markets would be potentially subject to great gains, but potentially also subject to severe losses?

LOSER Well, under my plan, Brit, first of all, risky — that's Washington talk for "you're going to take away our power." I don't trust Al Gore, Bill Clinton or anyone else to safeguard Social Security for the American people. Clearly they've failed at it. All the politicians have.

So what I've proposed is a new system — and you'll have an investment of menu choices safe mutual funds, bank CDs, bonds. And there also is — thanks to my plan — a minimum guarantee. If the world comes to an end, the market crashed, you will have a minimum guarantee when you retire.

So we've covered the bases on it. It works, it's bold, and it plays by the rules of the American people, not Washington.

MODERATOR Governor Bush, according to the Houston Chronicle, Houston is the smoggiest city in America. Do you support the EPA's proposed Tier 2 standards to desulfurize gasoline? Cleaner gasoline would help cut down on the ozone pollution, yet many refiners, some of whom are based in Texas, oppose the Tier 2 standards. Please tell us your position.

WINNER I will. Let me say one thing, before I start, about Senator McCain. He's a good man. He's a good man.

LOSER [chuckles] Thanks.

WINNER I don't know what compelled me to say that about you, Senator — [laughter] He's a good friend.

Yes, I do support cleaner gasoline standards across the country. I — here's what I believe. I believe we can have economic growth and conservation at the same time, and I know there are some environmental groups out of Washington running ads about me here in New Hampshire. They're polluting my record. I've got a good record as governor. We've reduced toxic emissions overwhelmingly in my state. Industrial emissions are down by 11 percent. I signed two really good pieces of legislation that are going to remove 250,000 tons of stuff being spewed in the air, which is the equivalent of removing 5.5 million automobiles off our roads.

I've got a good record because I know how to set high standards; I know how to bring people together to achieve those standards.

MODERATOR But specifically, what about those Tier 2 standards?

WINNER If I accept — I think we ought to look at a national standard for lower sulfide for gasoline, absolutely.

LOSER Senator Hatch, you've heard Mr. Forbes' answer to the question about the Microsoft suit. He says basically he'd drop it. What would you do?

LOSER Well, look, I was the first to hold hearings on Microsoft because we had literally hundreds, if not thousands, of complaints from all over the software and computer industry that Microsoft was leveraging its 90 percent control of the underlying operating system that everybody had to tie into in order to come onto the Internet and in order to use — and that they were doing that by crushing others, picking on others, buying up others, using their economic power. Now, that's what the antitrust laws are for.

The antitrust laws are very conservative laws. They're laws that try to make sure we even up and make people equal.

Keep in mind the judge that tried that case, Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, is one of our better District Court judges. He wrote an extensive opinion concerning the finding of facts, and those facts were devastating to Microsoft. Anybody who reads that opinion and then says that Microsoft shouldn't have to face some sort of a sanction or some sort of remedy, really hasn't looked at the facts. To make a long story short, that suit is justified.

LOSER All right. But, Senator, the antitrust laws are supposed to protect consumers, they're not necessarily supposed to protect just competitors. That's special interest activity —

LOSER You've got that exactly right. The whole purpose of the antitrust laws is to protect consumers. But you don't protect consumers if you crunch others who might be competitors from being competitive and if you use predatory conduct to do that.

Now, the judge has given his statement of facts. The next step is to find out if Microsoft has a monopoly. The step after that is what remedy do you have if Microsoft is found to be in a monopoly? I suspect that it's very difficult for Microsoft to escape being called a monopoly or have a monopoly control with regard to the underlying operating system. When it comes to the final decision, that could range from anything from a slap on the hands to actual breakup.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, the status of the U.S. Army's readiness is under scrutiny right now. They have difficulty recruiting. There is an internal dispute between traditionalists, who say the Army's strength is in its big guns and tanks, and those who say the Army should modernize to be able to deploy faster and lighter tanks. What's your take? Does the Army have a place in a modern military or is the U.S. Army obsolete?

LOSER Of course the Army has a place. And the Army, however, has not been able to restructure to meet the post-Cold War challenges.

All during the Cold War, the United States Army was geared to fight a tank battle on the plains of Central Europe. Now they have to be able to move from one place to another around the world quickly, and, once there, to beneficially affect the battlefield equation. They're not capable of doing that. A recent incident was an Army division was just declared unready for combat. That division was the 10th Mountain Division, Bob Dole's old division.

Yes, we need to restructure the military. We need to knock heads together in the military. I know how to do that because I've been there. And I also believe that we've got to rid the defense appropriations bills of pork barrel spending, waste, and incredible, almost criminal behavior like spending $325 million on an aircraft carrier that the Navy doesn't want or need. This has got to be fixed, and fixed soon, and particularly the men and women in the military.

MODERATOR Well, if you say the Army's not obsolete, then what kind of commitment would you make as president to help the Army with readiness? I'm talking dollars.

LOSER The question is not spending more dollars; the question is spending money on programs and projects we need, eliminating those that we didn't. Look, we've been buying C-130s for 10 years. We're going to have a C-130 in every school yard in America. There's no need for much of the equipment we are purchasing, but the effect of the special interests in Washington and their big contributions can prevent us not only from buying the equipment we need, but taking care of the men and women in the military.

Recently in San Diego, at Camp Pendleton, enlisted Marines were standing in line for cartons of food.

That's a disgrace. I intend to fix it. In fact, it even makes me a little angry.

LOSER Mr. Bauer?

LOSER Yes?

LOSER If you could only do one thing as president, what would it be?

LOSER My goodness, what a great question. I'm tempted in a lot of different areas to answer that. Obviously, my strong position about the sanctity of life is something that I don't think we're going to get anything else right in America if we don't get this right.

We've only made a mistake like this once before, Brit, and that was way back in the 1850s in the Dred Scott case when the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land, said that black men and women had no rights that the rest of us were bound to respect. And we look back on that and we're astonished that the Court would say such a thing. The poison of that decision still keeps Americans apart today.

But I believe that 26 years ago the Court did it again. They took a whole group of Americans — our unborn children — and they said, "you have no rights," that "you have no place in the American family." So if I could say one thing it would be to set a place at the table for those children to include them in the protections of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence.

LOSER And your second priority?

LOSER My second priority would be to restore a sense of honor again to the White House. This has been a terrible seven years, Brit. I had a little girl in Louisiana the other day ask her parents what I was trying to do, and they said that I wanted to be president, and she said, well, that means he'll probably have to lie. And I thought about going from George Washington, and "I cannot tell a lie" — what we used to associate with the presidency of the United States — to what we have now. It has been a bad seven years in that regard, and I think it's increased public cynicism about our institutions, about our government, and about the kind of place America can be.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, America intervened in Kosovo when it became apparent that innocent civilians were being slaughtered. Now the same is happening in Chechnya. What should the United States do about Russia's military crack-down on Chechnya?

LOSER Well, first of all, I think the first part of your statement is not true. Over the course of the last several months, we've learned a lot of information that suggests that the propaganda that was unhappily spread throughout the media about atrocities in Kosovo was greatly exaggerated. The Pentagon has admitted; news sources have admitted it; teams have been in now and have discovered that a lot of these things did not have foundation.

I think that that was a propaganda war. I think we were manipulated into supporting a violation of a fundamental principle of nonaggression, and that our aggression in that case was actually more dangerous than what was happening in Kosovo itself.

And at the end of the day, I think we have to be very careful when we start invoking some abstract notions of globalism and global sovereignty in order to violate fundamental principles of national sovereignty, which in fact are very important to safe-guarding the regional peace around the world.

I think it's better than invading other countries to control our own behavior, to make sure that we don't provide the resources to these oppressive regimes, as we are doing in places like China as well as Russia when they are oppressing their people. [bell sounds]

MODERATOR So do we ignore what's happening in Chechnya? Or do you advocate, if certainly not engaging troops, something like withholding loans from the International Monetary Fund?

LOSER Well, I think that's what I just said. I think it's important that we distinguish between a policy of globalist interventionism that has us acting as the policeman of the world and that I think will foment violence and fear and resentment everywhere, and a policy that basically says look, we're not going to try to control your country, but we will control our own actions; we will control our own associations; we will control our own trade.

We will see to it that if you're a brutal regime like the communist dictators in China, we will not have Most Favored Nation status, business as usual with you. If you are a regime of thugs and kleptocrats, such as unfortunately now plague the Russian people, will not provide hard-earned American capital to support you in that kleptocracy.

I think those are things we can do that can have a beneficial influence without undermining the peace of the world with globalist interventionist policies that could become a pretext for aggression by others.

LOSER Governor, there a great many people who have said that they couldn't have done any better on that pop quiz on world leaders than you did. But it does seem, fairly or not, to have raised the issue of your knowledgeability of the world and your interest in that. Could you tell us, sir, what do you read every day for information?

WINNER What do I read?

LOSER What do you read for information?

WINNER Well, I read the newspaper.

LOSER Which?

WINNER I read the Dallas Morning News, I read the New York Times, I read the Wall Street Journal and I read the Austin American Statesman. I'm not so sure I get a lot knowledge out of there, but I read them every day.

LOSER And what else?

WINNER Well, I read books all the time. I'm reading a book on Dean Acheson right now. I like to read mysteries, I like to read novels.

But look, here's the test of a leader. A test of a leader is when given responsibility, can you perform? And I've got a record of leading. It's the second biggest state in the Union. If it were a nation, it would be the 11th largest economy in the world. And I've had confirmation about my leadership style. The people of Texas overwhelmingly voted for me for the first time — for a person to be elected for the first time to back-to-back four-year terms. I've been able to reach across racial lines in my state. I got nearly 50 percent of the Hispanic vote. I got a significant part of the African American vote. People appreciate the fact I know how to lead.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, set aside your flat tax for the moment, if you would. What would you advocate as president to keep us away from inflation and out of economic recession?

LOSER Well, that's very easy, and that is to have a Federal Reserve that keeps the dollar sound. And unfortunately today, Karen, we have a Federal Reserve that is starting to tighten up, raise interest rates because of a bogus economic theory that says that prosperity causes inflation. So, unlike George Bush, I'm not sure I'm going to reappoint Alan Greenspan, if he's addicted to that theory. It's a destructive one. It has already done immense harm to agriculture in America. And if he continues in that course of action, it's going to do real harm to the economy.

What's happened with the Fed, Karen, is typical of this "Washington first" attitude, of Washington setting the rules on how we should act. You see it on the tax issue, which you wanted me to put aside, and I've answered your question. But on the tax issue, Washington tries to tell us what the rules are in terms of what tax cuts should be, which is why George Bush's tax cut plays to their rules. It's small, it keeps the IRS in place, and that's not right.

MODERATOR So you would not reappoint Alan Greenspan?

LOSER Well, I'd have a heart-to-heart with him, Karen, to see if he truly buys into that crazy theory that prosperity causes inflation, because if we keep the dollar steady, there's no reason why, if we make these other changes, getting rid of this horrible tax code and replacing it with a flat tax, getting in a positive new Social Security system for working Americans, where they own the money, not the politicians, putting parents in charge of education and putting patients in charge of health care, why, instead of having a 2 or 3 percent growth rate, we can have 4, 4.5 percent. We can do better. And it's going to take an outsider to do it.

LOSER Senator McCain, where do you come out on this question of this stock market, as high as it is, and on the issues that have just been asked of Mr. Forbes relating to Mr. Greenspan, who seems, at times, alarmed by the level of the stock market? Do you think it's a bubble? Do you think we should afraid of this? What?

LOSER I share Mr. Greenspan's concern. And, by the way, I would not only reappoint Mr. Greenspan; if Mr. Greenspan should happen to die, God forbid, I would do like they did in the movie "Weekend at Bernie's." I'd prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him and keep him as long as we could. [laughter]

The fact is that Mr. Greenspan deserves great credit — great credit — for this economic recovery. He's been a steady hand. He's unintelligible, but he's been a very steady hand on the tiller, and I am a great admirer and an advocate of his policies and programs.

Let me just also go back just one second to this Chechnya situation, if I could. Look, there are severe implications to this. It's not just the Russians massacring some innocent people, which is terrible in itself, and fortunately, it's not in our living rooms. But it has implications in the region as far as oil and gas reserves are concerned, the Russian military reasserting itself, and the overthrow of a government in Georgia which was a remarkable little democracy under Mr. Shevardnadze — a true hero. [bell sounds] So it's very — this is a very serious situation.

We should cut off IMF funding, we should cut off IMF loans, we should make it very clear to the Russians that this is serious business, it has significant implications, and it can affect a wide — [bell sounds] — gamut of relations between our two nations.

LOSER All right. Quickly, then, Senator, just let me get the rest of your answer on the stock market. Is it a bubble?

LOSER Oh. I'm afraid that it's becoming that, but I don't pretend to be an expert on that.

I am very concerned about this rapid rise. I think all of us who observe it are, but I do have enormous faith and confidence in Mr. Greenspan, and I would heed any warnings that come out of his mouth, and I will pay close attention.

Finally — could I just go back to Social Security — take 62 percent of the surplus, put it in a lock box, don't let the government touch it, even under the guise of an emergency. We just spent four-and-a-half billion dollars in the guise of emergency to conduct the year 2000 census — we didn't know the census was coming — and allow people to invest their savings and their tax dollars into savings of their choice. That will save Social Security, you don't have to raise the retirement age.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, in New Hampshire, a young woman named Amy Boyer was murdered in October. What was startling about her death was that her killer had kept a public diary on a website dedicated to her for two years, including details of how he planned to carry out this murder. After she was gunned down, the website host pulled the plug, but only after authorities brought their attention to it.

My question is this has the time come to police the Internet for content, and whose responsibility is it?

LOSER Well, Karen, this is obviously a big question that the country is going to have to face as technology continues to grow and it becomes more and more difficult to deal with all the potential things that people can be exposed to.

I disagree with those that suggest that somehow the Internet is sacrosanct, that it's a god that can't be touched. You probably know that there are not only the sort of horrible incidents that you just mentioned, but the biggest growth of Internet sites are pornography sites, many of them child pornography sites. I don't think there is a parent in the country that's comfortable with allowing their child to be alone for long periods of time at that computer screen, given what they can access.

So I think in a good and decent society, we'll find a reasonable way to balance our need for information and our constitutional right, which we need also to have a society that recognizes certain values.

MODERATOR Is it the role of the federal government to close off the Internet to these illegal activities like the child pornography you mentioned?

LOSER Well, let's hope that we begin to get some self-regulation that's better than what we saw in this example. But I think at some point, given that the Internet crosses the lines of government and the lines of the state, that the federal government will have to take a hard look at what things it can do.

If I could return to another issue that we've touched on a couple of times, but I don't think we're grabbing, and that is our foreign policy. I know it's not directly related, but it does get back to values, Karen. The question on Taiwan, the question about Russia, et cetera — the question here is are we going to have a Reagan foreign policy, or are we going to have a foreign policy driven by money and trade? I'm afraid that in the case of Governor Bush and others, they are buying into the idea that money and trade trump values. [bell sounds] I would withdraw Most Favored Nation status from China. I would not allow them into the World Trade Organization. Whether it's the Internet or foreign policy, our basic values have got to be at the center of what we do.

LOSER Mr. Ambassador, let me try you on the issue of Internet and whether it should be regulated and by whom.

LOSER I think it's important to understand first of all that anything we do with respect to the Internet is going to have some limits because it is not only a national entity, it is an international entity. Its tentacles run into countries all over the globe. And in fact, you will defeat part of the purpose of the networking if you start putting up various and assorted barriers that shut the system down. And that's what I think a lot of the people who are involved in it are concerned about.

I do think that we have a responsibility however to exercise those police powers that we can when we're dealing with public matters. And I would define as "public" anything to which children may have access.

If children can have access to it, then it seems to me society has the right to enforce certain levels of accountability and responsibility in terms of what's going on there. You can't make the argument this just about consenting adults when our children are in the room, and our children are in the room when you have easily accessible material on the Internet. In that respect, we should take every measure that we can, technologically feasibly, to try to protect them,including, of course, the encouragement of the adoption of those technological means that parents can use to help to police this area.

LOSER You seem to be saying it's difficult to do and that doing it is —

LOSER Oh, I don't want to fool people. Of course it is.

LOSER — and that doing it defeats some of the purpose of it, but you want to do it anyway.

LOSER No, I seem to be saying that you approach the issue understanding its difficulty and that you do what you can. I think that Congress has already been taking some responsible steps to hold accountable those providers who are under our jurisdiction. That we can do. People like AOL and others are not operating out in space somewhere, they operate from the United States. We can get their cooperation in helping to keep this clean. And within the limits of our capabilities, we should.

But we have to keep in mind that it will not be a substitute for responsible action by parents and others because this is a global phenomenon and all of us will have to work hard together in order to make sure that responsibility is enforced, and that especially our children are protected from its harmful effects.

MODERATOR Well, Senator Hatch, I'm going to stay with the Internet theme for a bit longer. Futurists predict that e-commerce will be a trillion-dollar business in the next century. Currently the Internet is not taxed. Should it be?

LOSER We have currently a moratorium on taxation on the Internet, and I happen to agree with that. I really don't want the Internet to be taxed.

And to be honest with you, I don't want it to be regulated beyond reasonable norms. For instance, we passed the Hatch cyber-squatting bill at the end of this session.

That bill basically is kind of a regulation that is necessary because — with regard to intellectual property and trademarks. We've made it an actionable for somebody to steal your name and to put a pornographic site on it under your name, which is happening today.

But other than intellectual property matters and use of the V-chip to protect our children, I'd like to keep the Internet as free from regulation as we possibly can. It's probably one of the greatest sources of information and communication that we have in — we've ever had in this world, and I want to keep it that way. On the other other hand, there are some things that are bad, and government can take pornographic sites off. Government can — under current law, there are some things that really need to be done.

MODERATOR If you don't tax businesses doing e-commerce, doesn't that put small companies doing business the old-fashioned way at a disadvantage because they are taxed?

LOSER Well, that's what my governor says, and he feels very strongly that we're going to lose Main Street, USA, if we don't allow the same type of tax on e-commece transactions that we do on state transactions. I'm not sure he's right about that. E-commerce right now is significant. But I really question whether my wife is going to go and buy everything off the Internet instead of going to the stores, or whether I'm going to otherwise, because Elaine told me this week, she said — I said, "Why don't you just order off the Internet?" She said, "I want to go to the stores. I like to walk around among the products. I like to see them. I like to touch them." And I don't think that's going to necessarily go down the drain. But we'll have to look at it. We'll have to stay with the flow. But I'd like to not have regulation that that should be the rule. If it has to be, then we'll face that when it comes.

LOSER Mr. Forbes, Governor Bush made a tax proposal this week that in dollar terms is larger than the one that was proposed by Republicans in Congress, who, when they made theirs, went out during the August recess to try to drum up support for it, and found remarkably little.

And yet you have criticized his proposal, in effect, as being too timid. Are you living in, sort of, the real political world on taxes?

LOSER Oh, Brit, I think so, and I think this shows the difference between a Washington-based, politics-based approach to taxes and what the American people truly want.

When the American people can do something positive on taxes, like reduce them through a referendum, they usually do it. In Washington, they have these crazy rules, Brit, where they score things in ways that make it hard to cut taxes, that makes it easy for spending to go up. And that's why this tax cut proposed by George Bush is what it is. It is small, it is inadequate, it leaves the IRS in place. It leaves 67,000 lobbyists still lobbying this corruptingly complex code. So, yes, we should get rid of it, the American people want to get rid of it. Don't phase in measly tax cuts over five to eight years — help people now. Take the death tax. World War II veterans, the greatest generation — they should have that relief right now to be able to pass on the fruits of their labor to future generations instead of waiting to 2009.

LOSER Well, what evidence would you cite from the public that there is appetite for this kind of — this tax change, even for the end of the IRS — what evidence?

LOSER Talking to real people, talking to people like the Bailey family here in Exeter, New Hampshire. They own a fish market — mom, dad, three kids. They told me the savings of my flat tax would enable them to buy family health insurance. They can't afford to do it now.

So why play by the Washington rules, which means for measly tax cuts. It's going to take, Brit, a firm outsider to get rid of this monstrous tax code, to do what is truly right on Social Security, health care, education.

It's not going to be done playing by their rules. The stack is decked and George Bush's proposal shows it. It's convoluted plan; it could have been done better, and I hope he will make it better.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, several major HMOs are failing financially. The system isn't working. There is rampant patient dissatisfaction. What do you propose to fix it?

LOSER We need a Patients Bill of Rights, and the reason why we haven't gotten it through the Congress is because on the Democrat side, the trial lawyers have them in their control and they'll want to sue anybody for anything under any circumstance. On the Republican side, we're in the grip of the huge money from the insurance companies and the HMOs — the typical gridlock which has caused Americans to have such a low opinion of what goes on in Washington.

The Internet should not be taxed. The Internet should not be taxed. The Internet is the greatest thing that's happened to the world, somewhere between — a combination between the invention of the printing press and the industrial revolution. It has unlimited potential to spread knowledge, information and freedom throughout the world, and economic development. And the sales taxes, as a result of the increase of the Internet commerce, even though there's a moratorium, have increased. And I believe that that's ample testimony that the Internet will increase sales taxes, and the governors are incredibly short-sighted when they want to tax this baby in its cradle. [bell sounds]

MODERATOR Let me return to the issue of health care and HMOs. Given how expensive health care is, HMOs are now waking up to the fact that they can't deliver the promises they made to consumers and still be profitable. If, ultimately, HMOs disappear, what then fills the void?

LOSER Obviously the HMOs need to be made whole. We need to spend more money to make sure that they do. We have added more money for Medicare and Medicaid payments in the last emergency supplemental — [laughs] — that we passed. All of those thing have to be done, but I also believe that we have to take care of patients first. And if patients are not well-treated in HMOs, then obviously then the HMOs are not going to be sought out by them.

Again, on the Internet, we need to install — we are installing in every school and library in America filtering software that would filter out according to community standards the objectionable material. That's the way we resolve this issue of such a flood of pornography. And we are wiring those schools and libraries at taxpayers' expense.

LOSER Mr. Bauer, if the sale of a book or a pair of shoes is taxed when it's done in a store, why should it not be taxed if it's done over the Internet? Isn't that how you level the playing field for all?

LOSER Well, I don't think so, Brit, in this sense. The reason that there's taxes in retail establishments is that government is delivering certain services to those establishments, whether it's fire protection for the store, police protection or whatever it might be. The Internet is not getting that sort of service. So I think there is a rational case that can be made for not taxing sales on the Internet while continuing to have local and state taxes on local commerce.

And if we want to get a consistency here, let's roll back those taxes that are falling on retail establishments and level the playing field that way instead of dragging down the sales on the Internet by making them heavily taxed too.

LOSER Well, speaking of taxes, what is your reaction to Governor Bush's tax plan so sharply criticized by Mr. Forbes?

LOSER Well, you know, this may be one of the places where Steve and I agree in the sense that I think the governor's plan is too timid. It's the equivalent — to use the worn-out phrase — of moving chairs around on the deck of the Titanic.

We need to downsize the IRS. We need to get that bureaucracy off of the back of the American people. We've got to make it so that it's not so complicated. But after that, Steve and I part company.

If you're going to have dramatic tax reform, you've got to decide whether the wealth of America is in things and machinery or whether it's in our human capital, in our people. I've got the lowest flat tax; it's 16 percent. You wouldn't pay anything on the first $20,000, you keep your mortgage deduction, you keep your charitable contribution. Steve has a plan that gives big corporations a new write-off that will allow many of them to have a zero tax rate, while farmers and school teachers and truck drivers are paying 25 percent between the flat tax and the Social Security tax. That's not fair.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, I'm going to stick with this health care theme. I think it's important. The cost of prescription drugs is escalating. Many New Hampshire residents will board a bus and drive to Canada where it is cheaper to buy their drugs. What specifically do you propose to make those drugs more affordable for senior citizens who are on Medicare?

LOSER I suppose they'll be carrying with them the prescriptions written by the doctors who came down from Canada in order to practice medicine in America — [laughter] — because they couldn't do it properly up there!

I will have to take a privilege here, though, which was offered to us at the beginning of the show because I've been listening to this tax discussion and I have got to say a word because it seems to me a lot of posturing is going on here overall on this issue, and we have all these folks — I mean, Mr. Bush's plan may be this, it may be that. Basically it has folks running for the calculators "Figure out much your family of four is going to get." You know?

And so what are we supposed to do again, get down on our knees and thank "Master Bush" now because he's going to let us keep a little bit more of our own money? And we'll thank "Master So-and-so" when they do it.

I think it's time we realized that that kind of thinking is for slaves. My ancestors were slaves. I abhor to think like one today.

The tax system for a free people is not a tax that gives the government a preemptive claim to a single penny of your income, and the right reform of this system is to get rid of the 16th Amendment, abolish the income tax, and return to the original Constitution of our country — [bell sounds] — which funded the federal government with tariffs, duties, and excise taxes. That's how we'll get out from under.

MODERATOR Okay, now would you answer my question about the prescription drugs?

LOSER Yes, I will, because I was also anxious to address this whole question. You addressed a question a minute ago about the HMOs and you're asking us — and we're politicians — as if we're supposed to go to Washington, sit down like the commissars, and plan from on high what happens to America's health system. I don't want to do it that way, and I promise you I won't.

I think what we need to do is do everything possible to put the consumer back in the driver's seat, to allow folks to be able to be the masters of how they spend their medical dollars, so that they can then enforce the same kind of quality control that they enforce in all the others areas of our economy. And if they're not happy with the HMOs and they way they're doing business, then take your business to a group of doctors who have organized themselves differently so that they will provide you with the service you want.

And we should have a system, whether it's insurance or — [bell sounds] — or government care that gives people the power to make those choices, and that's what I'd do.

LOSER All right, Senator Hatch. Why don't you try it on the tax issue?

LOSER Well, let me just say this. I'm against taxes. I was one of the handful who convinced Ronald Reagan that we should cut marginal tax rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986. I agree with Governor Bush on the one hand that he's trying to cut taxes $1.14 trillion over the next 10 years. That's larger than our congressional tax cut of $792 billion. Good going.

 On the other hand, he wants to do it within this same lousy system that we have. Can't blame him for that, because it's hard to change it. But the fact of the matter is we need to throw out this IRS code and we need to start all over. Whether it should be a flat tax or whatever, we've got to get a simplified code and we've got to go from there.

Now let me tell you, I am for anybody who will cut taxes. You know, when — here's what we did. We put 25 percent away for cutting taxes, and 75 percent away for saving Social Security, Medicare, and paying down the national debt. I thought that was the right thing to do, and I thought that it would have worked.

LOSER React, if you can, to what Ambassador Keyes has just said on this issue.

LOSER On this issue or on the HMO issue?

LOSER Well, try — no, on this issue.

LOSER On this issue?

LOSER He says end to this — and does Mr. Forbes — end to the IRS.

LOSER Well, I'll tell you, I agree with that. I think we ought to throw out the whole doggone code. It's a terrible code. It's convoluted. I'm on the Finance Committee, I deal with it every year. As a matter of fact, at the end of the year we dealt with all kinds of health care issues that we had to keep straightening out because the balanced budget and the tax problems weren't solved and created more problems there — had 900 skilled nursing facilities to handle complex medical patients not taking care of patients.

So, yes, I think we ought to throw out that code, start over again. If I had my way, it would be a sales tax where people could determine exactly what they pay through the consumption that they make. Now that's — that's a pretty big step, but it's something we ought to work on, and I'd sure try to get that done.

MODERATOR All right, Governor Bush, we're going to give you a chance to swat at this tax question as well.

WINNER Well, for some it's not enough, and for some my tax cut is too big, which leads me to believe I may be doing something just right. I proposed yesterday a tax cut that will simplify our code, that will reduce the top rate from 39.6 to 33 percent, it will encourage entrepreneurship, a code that makes the system more fair and more simple.

I believe one of the worst things we've got under the tax code is this it's really hard for somebody, a single woman with children, for example, who's working hard to pay for her kids to advance into the middle class.

Her marginal rate is as high as people making over $200,000 a year. And because I've lowered the bottom rate from 15 percent to 10 percent and increased the child credit to $1,000 per child, we've really reduced the toll bridge for this lady who works so hard to get into the middle class.

I proposed a good, bold, practical plan.

MODERATOR Let me follow up. As you've indicated, you want to cut the federal income taxes for every American, and you do so on the assumption that there is a budget surplus. So what happens when or if that surplus goes away?

WINNER Well, if we elect a Democrat, the surplus will go away, because they'll spend it all. [laughs] I believe that my plan has got reasonable growth numbers. This is a plan that preserves Social Security. It is a plan that meets the basic needs of government, including rebuilding our military. It's a plan that cuts the taxes — and I want to remind the folks, I'm the one person up here who has signed a tax cut bill. I not only signed on, I signed two in the state of Texas. We've returned nearly $3 billion of taxes to the people — good, hard-working people who live in my state.

LOSER Now, we have more time than we thought we might. We're going to do one more round, which will be a sixth. In this round question; one-minute answer; no follow-up; move on to the next candidate.

First to you, Senator McCain. If you could be remember for one thing as president and only one thing, what would it be?

LOSER Healing the breach that exists between the American people and the government today; restoring confidence in government by young Americans so that I as president of the United States can motivate them to serve causes greater than their self-interest.

On the issue of the surplus, three years ago, every economist in America was saying that we're going to have deficits as far as the eye can see.

Now those same economists are saying we're going to have surpluses as far as the eye can see, authenticating Harry Truman's assertion that he wanted a one-armed economist because they always say "on the one hand" and "on the other hand." I wouldn't count on these surpluses, although I'm very — very optimistic about the future of the economy. The difference between my tax cut proposals, which have to do with the marriage penalty, the inheritance taxes, earnings tests and breaks for lower-income Americans is that I pay for them. We eliminate corporate welfare and we cut unnecessary spending. That's the way you should do tax cuts.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, given how crowded airplanes are these days, with passengers complaining of lost luggage and delays, there are increasing cases of what's come to be known as "air rage." Is it time for Washington to step in and solve the problem?

LOSER Well, as one who's traveled several hundred thousand miles on commercial aircraft in the last few years, I can testify to the overcrowding, the lost luggage, the poorer service; and also, too, a lot of the airlines seem to go out of their way to make it more difficult. They've just put in a rule now, you're not there 10 minutes before takeoff time, they're going to shut the door. But Washington I don't think is the answer. The answer is consumers saying enough is enough. But one answer that I think would be good, I think Senator McCain proposed it a few weeks ago, and that is to have a passenger bill of rights on aircraft.

But getting back to Governor Bush and his tax cut, I think that whole approach shows a Washington-oriented attitude that their way of scoring these cuts is the way you should go. The way you get growth is by removing the IRS as we know it, and also controlling spending, which under his administration has increased at twice the rate, twice the rate of Clinton-Gore. It's not the way to go.

LOSER Ambassador Keyes, I want to take you back to the question you were asked originally related to your anger at what you felt was racial motivation behind the failure of journalists to pay appropriate attention to your candidacy. There are other black political figures, Republican and Democrat alike — Jesse Jackson and Colin Powell being signal examples — who have not experienced this problem. Why do you suppose you have and not they?

LOSER Oh, because I think the problem is classic racism, stereotyping. If you're not in the mold that's supposed to correspond to what you folks say is "black," what you claim are supposed to be the attributes of the race, then you're shut out. And basically, I don't fit that mold. I am an American who happens not to be a Democrat, not to be a liberal. I am strongly pro-life, as opposed to Colin Powell. I believe in the values that this nation was built upon, starting with our great Declaration of Independence that says that God gave us our rights and that it is not a question of human choice whether or not we grant those rights to babies in the womb.

That's what I'm about. I'm a moral conservative. And the people who support me around the country are folks who are responding to that appeal to restore our allegiance to the deep and great moral principles of this country and our respect for our constitutional obligation to our posterity. We've all forgotten that obligation, haven't we? "To secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." And that means that killing babes in the womb is a fundamental violation of the culminating goal of our Constitution.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, six states have passed laws allowing for medicinal marijuana. Is it time for the government to regulate marijuana for medicinal purposes?

LOSER No, I think those laws are a terrible mistake, Karen. We've been losing the drug war in this country. I still remember during the Reagan years, where I served for eight years as undersecretary of Education and then as Reagan's domestic policy advisor at the White House, everybody mocked our "Just Say No" campaign, but all the adults in our society were delivering the same message at that point, and drug use was going down consistently.

In the last seven years, it has skyrocketed, and among the reasons it has skyrocketed is these sorts of proposals that undermine the overall effort to restrict drug use in the United States. I think they're a mistake, and I think we need to have a lot more seriousness in the next administration. I will be serious as president in ending the scourge and particularly doing something about the drugs that are pouring across the border between Mexico and Texas after NAFTA. We can't check as many trucks as we used to be able to. And now those drugs are going into the heartland and causing pain and suffering in communities all over this country. [bell sounds]

LOSER Governor Bush, Saddam Hussein is still there. What would you do about that, if anything, that is different from what President Clinton has done?

WINNER I wouldn't ease the sanctions, and I wouldn't try to negotiate with him. I'd make darn sure that he lived up to the agreements that he signed back in the early '90s. I'd be helping the opposition groups. And if I found in any way, shape or form that he was developing weapons of mass destruction, I'd take 'em out. I'm surprised he's still there. I think a lot of other people are as well.

LOSER Take him out?

WINNER To out the weapons of mass destruction.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, you have one of the Attorney General Janet Reno's harshest critics, yet you've stopped short of calling for her resignation. Will you do so tonight?

LOSER No, I'm not going to call for her resignation. I have to say, I've been very critical because I think she's had a palace guard around her that have caused her to not live up to her responsibilities with regard to the investigations that have been taking place. Now in the Judiciary Committee right now, we set up a special subcommittee headed by Arlen Specter to get into some of these problems. And thus far, under threat of subpoena, they seem to be cooperating for the first time in a long, long time, and cooperating in a way that I think might work out.

Look, it's not my job to tell the president of the United States who he should have as attorney general. I would prefer somebody with a little more skill, with a little more dedication, who would not listen to the palace guard from the White House, the political types, who would do what's in the best interest of this nation regardless of what the administration has to say. That's what the attorney general of the United States should do. They should be giving the president advice to help the president to do what is right, and they should be prosecuting people who commit violations of the law, and they haven't been doing it, and we all know it.

LOSER Gentlemen, thank you very much. That concludes six rounds — one more than we'd anticipated — leaving a little extra time for closing statements. Two minutes allowed now, we'll begin with Governor Bush.

Governor?

WINNER Well, I want to thank my fellow Republicans and my opponents. I want to thank WMUR and I want to thank Fox for giving me a chance to share what's on my heart and on my mind.

I'm running because I want to accomplish something, I want to change the bickering and rancor that exists in Washington, DC.

I'm running because I've set some goals for America. I want to keep our economy prosperous by cutting the taxes, but I want a tax system that's fair for all.

I'm running because I want to keep the peace by keeping our military strong.

I'm running because I want to strengthen and save Social Security for the elderly.

I'm running — I'm running because I want every child to be educated and no child to be left behind.

I'm running to pass power back from Washington, DC, to local folks because I believe in local control of our schools.

I'm running because I want to change today's culture from one that says, "if it feels good, do it," to one in which each of us must understand we're responsible for the decisions we make.

 I've got a record of accomplishment as the governor of the state of Texas. I'm a uniter, not a divider. I know how to bring people together to achieve a common goal.

I want to thank you for your interest in my campaign.

And whether you're for me or not, should I become the president, should I earn your trust, when I put my hand on the Bible I will swear to not only uphold the laws of the land, I will swear to uphold the honor and the integrity of the office to which I have been elected, so help me God.

Thank you, and God bless.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Governor Bush. Mr. Forbes, you have two minutes to make your closing statement.

LOSER Well, thank you all very much for making tonight possible. I hope this is the first of a series of debates, and that we have more in-depth forums in the future so the American people can appreciate which each of us offers.

I'm an outsider. I'm not a professional politician. Washington holds no allure for me, and as a businessman and CEO, I recognize that Washington wants to dominate us, and it's high time Washington learned to serve us. On the tax code, for example, why should we go by Washington's rules on what is permissible as a tax cut? They are always ending up finding ways to take more of our money, and that's why we have to do something bold and get rid of the IRS, not let it perpetuate. They'll tell us it's unrealistic to make these kind of changes. Well, maybe in Washington today it is, but we the people have to say, We're going to tell you what's realistic, and this tax code is an abomination.

Same thing in health care. Patients should be in charge of health care, not HMOs and not federal bureaucracies. In education, now George Bush wants to have Washington have a role in promoting education reform. I trust parents, not politics. On Social Security, why do we have to hear talk about raising the retirement age? Again, put it in the hands of we the people, and we can move forward on the life issue.

But these things are not going to happen by playing by Washington's rules. They're only going to happen with a determined outsider to make those changes.

But I'm one man. I can't do it alone. You as individuals can't do it alone. But together, united, we can have a political system again that appeals to our ideals. And that's what I've tried to do with these proposals, based on American ideals. And if we carry those out, we will vindicate the faith of past generations and will be an inspiration for future generations.

Thank you very much, and God bless you.

LOSER Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

Ambassador Keyes, the floor is yours.

LOSER Well, first I would like to take a minute to speak to a group of Americans that we apparently have been ignoring tonight, but we're in the midst of some very, I think, portentous events out in Seattle, where a lot of Americans have had to take to the streets. And I abhor the violence, but I think the folks who have been demonstrating peacefully to try to seek redress of their grievances, they're telling us something we ought to listen to.

They're telling us that when you hand a chunk of our sovereign power to a body of unelected ministers, many of whom are chosen by dictators and pirates, you have taken that power beyond the reach of our people. They can no longer touch it through the ballot box because nobody elects those folks. They can no longer get to it through the constitutional process we're supposed to have.

It ought to remind us that the issues at stake in this discussion over the whole trade business aren't just issues of who's got jobs and how many went overseas; they are issues of whether or not we are destroying our constitutional system, whether we are allowing unelected bodies — do you realize the Constitution says that the federal government is supposed to guarantee a republican form of government in all the states. Do you know why they did that? Because if you have a bunch of people who are appointed by tyrants and dictators, they will represent nothing but tyranny. We cannot afford to allow decisions that affect the jobs and livelihood of Americans to be subject to a body of unelected people, many of whom represent tyranny and dictatorship.

And those people who have taken to the streets, I don't support all their causes, but I do understand the cause that drove them there. It's a cause that is taking the power and sovereignty of America beyond the reach of the American people. And everybody who stands up here with me tonight supports that surrender of our power. I do not.

I believe that it's time we look ourselves in the eye and say we can't allow this destruction of our Constitution and that we're going to do something about it.

And that's going to be one of the pledges that I will make to you A Keyes presidency will restore self-government; the moral basis of it in our hearts, but also the constitutional basis of it, by not surrendering our sovereignty to institutions that we do not elect and over which we cannot have influence, except we take to the streets. It's not right. It's not the American way, and we ought to commit to change it.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes, thank you very much.

Senator Hatch, you have two minutes now for your closing statement.

LOSER Well, I'm tired of the two political parties' establishment picking our candidates year after year or election after election. I'm running a campaign for the people, for ordinary people, asking them to send — if I can get a million people to send in $36 or more, I'll win this election for you and I'll be beholden only to you.

But, you know, this is the fourth debate that I've been in. And, Governor, we're happy to have you with us. And all I can say is that, you know, these debates, as good as this one has been, have been kind of stilted, they've been kind of boring, they're structured.

It seems to me that the way — what we ought to really do is we ought to leave the entourage behind. We ought to get out there and understand that the American people, they want us as presidents for the good or the bad. They want us to be a good president during the good times, they want us to be able to help them during bad times. They want to get to know us, they want to know what we're all about.

I just have a suggestion to all of us. Why don't we just take two weeks in the month of January and spend a week here in New Hampshire, a week in Iowa; get on a bus, all of us, leave the entourage behind, and just go throughout this state and meet with the people and let them set the standards, let them set the terms. Do it in town meetings, and let them ask any questions they want and let's just respond to them. Let's kind of be like Lincoln and Douglas and really have a debate here rather than, you know, the stilted thing that we're doing.

And if we do that, I guarantee you, we'll have three things happen to us Number one, we'll get to know these people better, and better than we ever possibly could during this presidential election.

Number two, they'll get to know us better, which I think is a good thing, and it would help all of us to do a better job.

And number three, this would be real honest campaign reform. Can you imagine what we'd be able to do by the time we get to California. How about it, Gary? How about it, George? How about it, Steve? How about it, Alan? How about it, John? [laughter] Wouldn't that be a good idea? It'd be the way to really get it out of this stilted way of doing things.

LOSER I'll join you.

LOSER Alan will join. [laughter]

LOSER I'm for Lincoln-Douglas debates, absolutely.

LOSER Good, let's do it. Let's do it. Why don't we do that? Why don't we just — you know, I think you both have done a terrific job here this evening, but you're limited by what can be done in this kind of a format. Why don't we get out there with the people? Why don't we do this? And then I think we'd treat each other better too.

LOSER Thank you, Senator Hatch.

Senator McCain, the stilts are yours. [laughter]

LOSER I want to thank you, Karen and Brit and Channel 9 and Fox. I want to thank you all. I've had a lot of fun tonight. It's been good. It's been a great experience.

I'm running for president of the United States because I believe the United States sits astride the world militarily and economically in the most powerful position ever seen in the history of the world. This is an exciting time. We have prospects for prosperity, for growth, for leadership throughout the world, and the president of the United States can lead the world to a far, far better place and a far better century than the one that is now passing.

 I'm running for president because I want to reform government. I want to reform education so that every parent in America has the same choice as the wealthy parent to send their child to the school of their choosing.

I want to reform the military so that we can again be able to meet the post-Cold War challenges, rather than have one that is structured for the past and not able to cope with the future.

I want to reform the tax code, which is 35 — which is 44,000 pages long. I can't do that unless we rid Washington of the special interest which has deprived Americans of their voice in Washington. The special interests rule and, unfortunately, the public interest has been diminished.

This has caused young Americans to be beset by cynicism and alienation. Young Americans believe that we don't reflect their hopes and dreams and aspirations. I want to heal that breach. I want to make them represented again, and I want America again to be proud of its government. And that way I can inspire young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self interests.

Please join me in this great crusade. I am prepared to be president of the United States. Thank you.

MODERATOR Senator McCain, thank you. Mr. Bauer, you get your closing statements.

LOSER Thank you. Well, let me begin by saying something to those young people that may be watching tonight. I'm the son of a janitor from Newport, Kentucky, and I'm now one of the last six candidates running for the nomination of the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. It's an incredible country. There is no limit to what you can accomplish as a young American if you work hard enough and play by the rules.

You know, we're beginning to go toward the end of an incredible century. They've called it "the American century," and for a good reason. Twice in this century we've led the free nations of the world to defeat the great isms of this century — Nazism and then Soviet communism. Our technology is second to none. Our system of free enterprise has created more jobs for more people than any system in the world.

But if we want the next century to be an American century, we're going to have to be up to the challenge again — not only the challenge, perhaps, on foreign battlefields, but up to the challenge on issues of the heart and soul.

There are great questions facing the American republic. Can we rebuild the American families, strengthen families so that fewer of our children will cry themselves to sleep at night? Can we end the coarsening of the American culture so that parents no longer feel like they are surrounded by hostile territory? Can we teach all of our children that liberty must be tempered by virtue, that the idea of "if it feels good, do it" is not the way to live, that reliable standards of right and wrong are what matters? Can we set another place at the table, this time for our own flesh and blood, our unborn children? Can we do racial reconciliation and make sure that we don't leave anybody behind — not the child in Appalachia, the inner city kid, the farmer in Iowa — whoever?

I believe we can do those things. That's why I'm running for president. I believe the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan can accomplish these things, and I ask the American people to trust us to do so.

Thank you very much, and God bless you all.

MODERATOR Thank you very much, Mr. Bauer.

And at this point, we want to thank all of the six Republican candidates for participating in tonight's forum.

LOSER And thanks, as well, to those who watched here in New Hampshire on WMUR and across the country on the Fox News Channel.

Good night.

MODERATOR Good evening, and thank you all very much for joining us here in New Hampshire tonight. As you all well know, here in New Hampshire we get a great opportunity to see the candidates up close and ask them very important questions face to face.

MODERATOR And in keeping with that tradition, that is exactly what they're going to be doing over the next hour right here. There are about 300 voters from the upper valley of New Hampshire and elsewhere in this state, here in Hanover at Dartmouth's Moore Theater. They were selected by the Rockefeller Center at Dartmouth, which is a center for public affairs and civic leadership. They were chosen by lottery.

MODERATOR Audience members submitted their questions in advance. WMUR-TV and CNN sorted through them for currency, also for timeliness and relevancy. Those are the questions which our five Republican presidential candidates will be asked to face from you tonight.

MODERATOR Now, let's meet the candidates. From the left, let's welcome Senator Orrin Hatch......Senator John McCain......former Ambassador Alan Keyes......former Reagan administration official Gary Bauer......and publisher Steve Forbes.

Governor George W. Bush declined our invitation.

Each of the candidates -- each of the candidates will have 90 seconds to answer questions posed by voters in this audience.

MODERATOR Let's begin with our first question. Would you please state your name, give us your home town, and then pose your question to the candidate?

QUESTION Hi. I'm Cindy Biddinger and I'm from Hanover, New Hampshire. I have a question for Senator McCain. Should the Republican Party be more inclusive by encouraging pro-choice voters to support their candidates?

LOSER Thank you very much, Cindy. Thank you for the question and first of all, obviously, I'd like to thank Tom and Judy for being here. I'd like to thank WMUR and CNN for sponsoring what the people of New Hampshire expect and demand, and that's to see us, to talk to us and hear what we have to say. And I'd also like to thank myself for making sure that Dartmouth won their first victory of the season on Saturday. [laughter]

LOSER Mr. President, I sent...

Since we take credit for everything, I might as well that.

Cindy, I thank you for the question because I worry -- I worry a great deal about the unintended consequences of sending a message that we're not an inclusionary party. I am a proud pro-life person. I have a 17-year record on that issue. But I believe that we must begin a dialogue and a discussion on the issue of abortion. Both pro-life and pro-choice people believe very strongly that we need to eliminate abortion.

I and my wife, Cindy, are proud adoptive parents. We need to encourage adoption in America. We need to match up those children that have no families with those families that have no children. We need to improve foster care dramatically in America.

We can work together. And my party, which is proud of its pro- life position and I am proud of it, should send the word We want you in our party. We can have respectful disagreements on specific issues and we can work together on this one. I thank you. 

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator. 

MODERATOR The next question for Steve Forbes. 

AUDIENCE I'm John Scott, from Plainfield, New Hampshire. I believe we need to start making polluters pay more of their fair share for clean air and clean water. In a lot of states around the country including New Hampshire and Texas, some of the biggest polluting power plants and incinerators, pay only a fraction of the true cost and that leaves the rest of us to make up the difference, either with our wallets, or maybe with our health.

What I'd like to know is, where in your economic plan are the pollution fees, or other market place incentives that will get polluters to clean up their act?

LOSER Well, thank you very much for your question. As a father of five daughters, and my wife, Sabina, is here tonight, obviously, I have a keen interest in clean water, a good environment, clean air.

There's not point in having economic progress if you don't have a good quality of life. That's the point of moving forward. And there's a lot that can be done. And we can take heart from the progress we've made in the last 25 years.

Pollutants in the air are way down, from 30 to 90 percent. Lakes have been cleaned up. Rivers that were dead have come to life. So progress can be made.

We're getting more fuel efficiency. We're also getting automobiles that are far less polluting than they were 10 or 20 or 30 years ago.

So, a lot can be done. But the key is to have a practical, can- do, approach of moving forward.

Take for example Superfunds. The Superfund which is supposed to clean up toxic waste dumps. The way Washington has run the thing is that most of that money has gone to lawyers, billions and billions of dollars. Sixty cents on the dollar goes for legal fees.

LOSER Over 20 years ago, 1,200 sites were cited as extremely dangerous. Since then, you how many have been cleaned up? Less than half.

So, the resources are there. We can do the job. The question is getting Washington to allow us to do the job, whether on the state level or on the national level. There's a lot more to be done.

MODERATOR Thank you. Thank you very much.

Our next question is for Mr. Bauer. State your name and your hometown, please.

AUDIENCE My name...

AUDIENCE [off-mike] cut military spending.

MODERATOR Excuse me, ma'am.

AUDIENCE You could cut military spending so we can have good , good health care, good education...

MODERATOR Excuse me, ma'am. Our next question is...

AUDIENCE  nuclear weapons.

MODERATOR Excuse me, ma'am. Let's move on to our next question.

MODERATOR Let's go on with our question. Say your question.

AUDIENCE It's ridiculous that nobody ever talks about it.

AUDIENCE My name is Emily Sutton. I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.

Mr. Bauer, my question is for you. In recent years, we've seen a growing disparity between technological haves and have nots. The have nots, in their turn, don't have access to information which many people do have. I was wondering if you do see this as a problem. And if so, do you think it's something that will run its own course or is there a plan of action that you plan to take?

LOSER You said you first name was Ellen?

AUDIENCE Emily.

LOSER Emily, I'm sorry. It's very difficult to hear with the defense speech going on there.

Emily, it's an extremely important question. And I think it's an educational question. Many of you may know that I was undersecretary of education under Ronald Reagan, and was in charge of a $17 billion budget, and had about 17,000 bureaucrats working for me. And I have to tell you it was an incredibly eye-opening experience.

Those bureaucrats were good people, but I spent about 90 percent of every day saying no to just really bad ideas.

We've got a real disparity in American education right now. Many of the suburbs have a lot of resources that they can use and they can get better results. But in the inner cities we've got schools that just aren't working.

I believe one of the things we can do to solve that is to provide educational choice for those parents. If we can give low-income parents vouchers, then they can go to that local principal and say You're not teaching our children the math and they science that they're going to need to be competitive in this world.

I believe that's a basic reform and we've got to do it. I think it'll make real progress on this issue so we don't have another whole generation left behind on the most important advances that the country's experiencing.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer.

Next question here for Senator Hatch. Please tell us your name and where you're from.

AUDIENCE My name is Chris Miller, and I'm from Alstead, New Hampshire. And I'd like to hear the senator's position on Second Amendment rights, and if elected, what his policy would be toward the recent wave of litigation facing the firearms industry.

LOSER Well, let me tell you something. When it comes to constitutional -- expressed constitutional provisions, and the Second Amendment is one of those expressed provisions, you've got to be very loathe to try and change that provision by mere statute. So I'm a strong supporter of Second Amendment rights.

I'm also a strong criticizer of this administration, because there are people being killed in our society today because they're not enforcing the law. Parents are afraid to have their kids go to school because they don't know whether those kids are going to be safe in schools. They're worried to death about it. And the reason they are is because 12,000 kids and adults took guns to school in the last two years in violation of law.

Guess how many prosecutions by this administration -- 13. And I can go down through every law that this administration hasn't enforced over the last number of years.

So I'm very concerned about it. People like you are concerned. Parents are concerned. Schools are concerned. And I've got to tell you, we've got too many guns in the streets in the hands of criminals.

I'll tell you what I'd do. I'd pass the Juvenile Justice Bill, which has a number of provisions in it that would help to alleviate these problems. But I'd also do this, I'd have the Hatch 10, 20, Life Amendment. And that is, if you commit a crime with the use of a gun and you have a gun on you, it's an automatic 10 years without parole. If you fire that gun, it's an automatic 20 years. If you hurt somebody with that gun, it's an automatic life.

MODERATOR Senator.

LOSER I think that'd set a rule that people'd have to abide by.

MODERATOR Thank you, Senator, very much. 

Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Go ahead.

AUDIENCE Susan Chacho, from New London, New Hampshire. And in the recent years, NASA and other space endeavors have experienced millions, if not billion dollar disasters. Do you think that the taxpayers should continue to fund these programs? Or shouldn't it move to the private sector?

LOSER Thank you very much for your question.

Actually I believe they should continue to fund these programs. I think we have to remember -- and even when we look back at the heritage of the country. When we opened up our frontiers, the Lewis and Clarke expeditions and so forth and so on, those were not privately-funded matters.

A matter of fact, it was considered by our founders to be one of the important functions of government to explore this great continent, to produce the maps that would be necessary so that folks could then move in and exploit the resources and opportunities that were there for our people.

We have a vast frontier sitting on our doorstep in space which we have developed the technology to make use of. And I think, not only for the sake of this country but for the sake of humanity, we need to follow in the inspiring and visionary footsteps of our founding fathers. And we should, as a community, sustain our commitment to make sure we are able to develop and make use of that great frontier; for the sake of humanity, not just for our own sake.

I also think, by the way, that that has a spiritual component which we may be losing sight of, because, as a people, as a race, we need continually to have before us the truth that our potential is best realized when we are challenging ourselves to reach for those things that transcend our every day needs and desires and passions, and commit us to the kind of endeavors that have importance, not only for us, but for future generations.

I think space exploration is one of those and I would support it strongly.

MODERATOR Thank you, Ambassador Keyes.  Our next question for Gary Bauer.

AUDIENCE My name is Laurel Lambert. I live in Lebanon, New Hampshire. I'm a fourth-year surgical resident at Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center, and my question has two parts. As you know, there's growing concern that the control of health care is shifting from physicians to the bureaucrats of insurance companies and HMOs. Yet, despite this loss of control, physicians still bear the burden of liability for the care they're allowed to provide.

My first question is, do you think that HMOs should share this burden of liability? And my second question is, how would you proposed to rectify this imbalance between the control of and responsibility for providing health care?

LOSER Well, it's a great question. I really agree with you on this. I have to tell you I was very troubled when the leadership of my party in the Congress got themselves into the box of taking the position that average Americans shouldn't have the right to sue and HMO if it provided inappropriate medical treatment.

Now, I'm against big bureaucracy in Washington making health care decisions. I just have an aversion to bureaucrats. But it's not just government bureaucrats. I don't like HMO bureaucrats and insurance company bureaucrats either. And I think we need to level the playing field.

My mother is 76-years-old and she lives back in Newport, Kentucky. She's already had one heart attack. And so I call her everyday to check on her.

And I can tell you one of her great frustrations is dealing with the American health care system.

She doesn't feel like she has any real leverage. She's confused by all the paperwork.

We need to make real reforms medical savings accounts, allowing deductibility for insurance payments. Big companies can do that now; individuals can't.

There are many things that we can do and we need to do them now before we have a system where bureaucracy is making all of the decisions in health care accountants making decisions instead of doctors.

I'll be unveiling a health care plan soon that will reflect those principles. I think that it will be a big step forward and I hope my party will get on the right side of being with the average American instead of with the big HMOs.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer, very much.  Our next question is for Mr. Forbes.

AUDIENCE Good evening. My name is Terry Grigsby. I live in Lebanon.

My question for you, Mr. Forbes, is if you become our next president, what specifically will you do to eliminate United States citizens from feeling that they need to travel to Canada and Mexico to purchase their prescription drugs because the costs are absolutely exorbitant?

LOSER Thank you, Terry.

And this gets, again, to the question that Gary just dealt with on health care. The problem with health care in America is not that we want more health care. As you get older, longevity's not such a bad thing in your eyes, and yet, you hear these experts talk that the problem is that we want more health care. In a true free society that demand should be an opportunity. And I've put forth specific proposals to do just that, putting you in charge, whether it's on Medicare where if you work for the federal government, you have your have choice of hundreds of different health care plans. You, as a Medicare recipient, should have that kind of choice. If you need prescription insurance, you should have that choice at an affordable cost, and it is doable. And removing the barriers to medical savings accounts, that is necessary to put you charge of health care resources.

As a CEO of a company, we did that eight years ago. Each year we give our people $1,500 for routine medical expenses; what you don't use, you get to keep.

If it's more than $1,500, you have a deductible based on your salary, and then the regular catastrophic insurance kicks in.

But what this means is you are in charge. If you want an HMO, you can. If you want fee-for-service, you can. And as a result of empowering individuals, our health care expenses per person today are less or just the same as they were eight years ago and no one is forced into managed care.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER It's doable.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Consumerism works.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes. 

Next question directed to Senator McCain. And please tell us your name and where you're from.

AUDIENCE My name's Tod Handy and I live down the street here in Hanover.

Senator McCain, the health-care costs of alcohol abuse in our country are staggering. In contrast, we have a number of health-care professionals, a growing number, agreeing that medical marijuana has legitimate medicinal value. Nevertheless, alcohol is illegal -- excuse me, legal, marijuana is illegal.

If you support medical marijuana, what would you do to expedite its legalization? And if you're against medical marijuana, given that both alcohol and marijuana equally classify as gateway drugs, how do you reconcile the tolerance for alcohol with the intolerance for marijuana?

LOSER Thank you. That is an excellent question...[laughter]...that I would prefer to duck. But...[laughter]... when I was in Keene, at Keene College not long ago, at the Q&As which I have -- speak very briefly, which is uncharacteristic of a senator, and answered questions, a young woman said to me Senator McCain, what do you think about industrial hemp? And being an old Navy person, I thought it was a great thing for making ropes and lines as we do in the Navy. [laughter]

I found out that the question was more along the lines of your question, and that industrial hemp is used for different purposes than making lines.

In fact, it is used to -- for inhalation purposes. [laughter]

Look, I can't support the legalization of marijuana. Clearly, scientific evidence indicates that the moment that it enters your body, one it does damage and second it can become addictive. And as you say, it is a gateway drug.

There is a problem in America with alcohol abuse and there's no doubt about that. We have to do whatever we can; prevention, education. And that applies to drugs, too.

My friends, we're losing the war on drugs. We ought to say, it's not a war anymore or we really ought to go after it. And there was a time in our history when we weren't always losing the war on drugs. It was when Nancy Reagan had a very simple program called Just Say No. And young Americans were reducing the usage of drugs in America.

So I can't agree with your thesis. But I also agree with you that there is an alcohol abuse problem in America.

I've got a couple of seconds, I want to add to what Gary said. Why is it that we can't come up with a decent patients' bill of rights? The Democrats are gridlocked by special interests of the trial lawyers, the Republicans by the insurance companies and special interests. Until we reform this campaign finance system, we're not going to reach a conclusion.

MODERATOR Senator. Thank you very much, Senator.

Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Will you please state your name and your home town for us please?

AUDIENCE Hi. I'm Linda Wesney, and I'm from Claremont. And my question is for Ambassador Keyes.

Elizabeth Dole says that drugs aren't cool, they kill. How do you plan to continue with the war on drugs?

LOSER It seems to me the first thing that we should understand is that we're not dealing with a material problem.

We're dealing with a moral problem.

When I was born in 1950, we didn't have a huge plethora of laws dealing with all kinds of drug use and abuse, and yet we also did not have an enormous drug problem in this country.

The reason that we proliferated the laws is because the fundamental discipline that was prevailing in our society when I was born has broken down. And I think sometimes we get all caught up in discussing what steps we will take to deal with the consequences of this problem, we don't want to deal with the problem. And the problem is very simple; you can't sustain self-government without self- discipline. And the drug problem is a symptom of that.

We proliferate laws. We even have started to invade property rights and do other things that are tearing down our system of liberty. Why? Because we are out of control. Because we are a people who do not understand that if you enslave yourself to chemicals, you can not be free.

And I think that the obvious solution is the one that stares us in the face but we don't want to implement it because it requires that we look at the truth about our situation. We don't have a drug problem, an economic problem or any of these other problems, only that we say we have.

We have a moral crisis. We have a crisis that goes to the heart of the question of whether or not we're a people that still acknowledges that there is a difference between right and wrong which we must pass on to our children and enforce, even if it means that we, ourselves, must accept inconvenience.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER When we face that reality, then we will have solved the problem.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes. 

The next question for Senator Hatch. Please tell us your name.

AUDIENCE My name is Jim Belanger from Lebanon. And Senator, my question for you is, would you support and fight to give the uninsured American access to the same health care policy that you as an elected official has?

LOSER Well, Jim, that's a real good question. I spent 23 years enacting health care legislation that has really benefited a lot of people, everything from creating the modern generic drug industry that has cut pharmaceutical costs in half so that our senior citizens don't have to go out and give up food in order to buy their pharmaceuticals, to home health care, to saving the nursing homes and other institutions that we have got to have, just in the latest Finance Committee matters that we have been doing. And of course, I have got to tell you that I have spent most of my career trying to solve health care problems.

Now, I found two years ago -- actually, I knew it before then -- that 10 million children in our society of the poorest of the poor families not on Medicaid, meaning the working poor, did not have adequate health care. They were the only people fully left out of our health care system.

So we fought day in-day out until we passed the Hatch-CHIP -- CHIP -- bill, the Child Health Insurance Program, that now provides full coverage for 7 to 10 million children. I didn't have -- I only had one governor who supported me during that whole time and very few people in Congress.

When it was finally passed, today, every governor claims that's his or her bill.

Now I'm not just talking about it; I've done it.

And I've been there and I will do it again.

MODERATOR Senator, thank you very much. 

The next question is for Mr. Forbes. Give us your name and home town sir, please.

AUDIENCE I am Steve Swain and I am from West Lebanon.

Mr. Forbes, will you hire qualified men and women to work on your campaign and in your administration who are openly gay? Or will you ban and/or fire such people simply because they are openly gay?

LOSER I will hire people who are qualified for the job, people who can do the work at hand, people who are there to get something done, not to make a political statement about a lifestyle. That's incidental.

And so if a person wants a job to make a statement, they're not going to get it. If a person wants a job because they're qualified and have the same principles, the same philosophy, they will be actively considered for it.

And in my campaign again, I believe in equal rights for all, special rights for none.

The chairman of my campaign, Ken Blackwell, is one of the highest elected African-American officials in America. He joined my campaign because of my belief in the new birth of freedom, whether it's getting rid of the IRS as we know it, lowering -- genuinely -- taxes on people, putting patients in charge of health care, allowing younger people to have a new Social Security system where their taxes are invested in their own account, out of the grasping hands of Washington, whether it's allowing you to chose your own doctor all ties together this new birth of freedom. The freedom to be born -- it all ties together.

And those who share that philosophy are welcome aboard. Those who don't share it, I'm going to work hard to persuade you of it, because, ultimately, it reflects the best in America.

These are the principles that have made us great. These are the principles that can make us great again.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Our next question for Gary Bauer.

AUDIENCE My name is Bench Furgo. I live right here in Hanover.

The United States is a nation of immigrants, so I wanted to hear some thoughts from you regarding immigration policy. I would like to know whether you would want to change the immigration quotas -- increase them, decrease them, leave them the same. What do you think should be the criteria in terms of selecting potential immigrants? And, finally, what should we do about the millions of undocumented illegal immigrants in this country who are working, paying taxes, living here?

LOSER Well, I believe that our immigration policy is a mess. And I think back at my time in Newport, Kentucky, when I was growing up. It was a tough blue-collar town. And I remember in elementary school, we would all stand in line to get milk. And then the school bully would come along and get in the front of the line, and nobody could do anything about it because he was bigger than anybody else.

Well, we have millions of people around the world that are standing in line to get into the United States. They see it as that shining city on a hill that the founding fathers talked about and that Ronald Reagan reminded us of all the time.

They're playing by the rules. They're abiding by the law. And we allow countless people to butt into the front of the line, to pour across our borders and have as their first act as entering our country the violation of our laws.

We must secure our border. A great nation should not have borders that are unsecured. And I believe if we do that, then we can make a judgment as a people what the appropriate legal immigration levels ought to be.

I would mention another important item here that I think will help solve the immigration debate, and that is this idea that everybody coming into the country should want to become an American. They should want to learn the English language. They should want to know our traditions. We need to make a new effort as a nation to teach everyone, native-born and immigrant, the great values of America and our founding principle in the Declaration of Independence All men are created equal, endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, among these the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, thank you very much. 

Our next question is for Ambassador Keyes. Would you state your name and your home town, please.

AUDIENCE Yes, my name is Carrie DeCato and I'm from West Lebanon, New Hampshire.

Good evening, Mr. Keyes.

My question is, do you support funding for national community service programs, such as AmeriCorps? Why or why not?

LOSER I am a great believer in volunteerism in this country, but I think it's time we understood that it ought to be just that. The business of helping one another is a business that ought to be centered in the private sector, in the faith sector in this country.

I think government's involvement has been detrimental, they have botched it up. They have botched up the welfare program, because when you enter the business of helping folks and you deal with them in such a way that you separate from their moral being -- that, to put it frankly, you help them without the sermon -- I think you do them something that's detrimental.

And therefore, my goal with all of these efforts in which we are aiming to achieve mutual help for one another, is to put them back in the hands of the private and faith sector in this country. But of course you can't do that, can you, if the government continues to sit on all the money that's needed to fund those programs?

So I think that one of the first things we will have to do is revamp the entire tax system.

And unlike some of the folks here, I don't think it's going to be enough to lessen the load that people have and keep them running down the track with that sack on their back. I think what we need to do is take the sack off your back. I think we need to get rid of the socialist income tax in this country and return to the original Constitution. The Constitution that funded the federal government with tariffs, duties and excise taxes and that left, therefore, to the people the decision of what they would do with every dollar they earn.

And I think then, they can make the choice. Are they going to spend it? Are they going to save it? Or are they going to devote it to putting together the kind of faith-based and charity-based institutions through which we reach out to one another and help one another? I think that's what needs to be done.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER Put it back in the hands of the people themselves.

MODERATOR Thank you.

Our next question for Senator Hatch. Tell us your name, please.

AUDIENCE My name is Dave Chaffey. I'm from Etna, New Hampshire, and a member of the family that's operated an independent book store on Main Street in Hanover for more than 100 years.

You've had a long and distinguished career in the Senate, Senator Hatch. And I'd like to know from your perspective, what is the best policy, and I'm talking about domestic policy, you feel America has embarked on now and why?

And what would you do to keep it rolling and why? And on the other hand, what is the worse policy, in your opinion, and why? And what would you do to put us back on track?

LOSER Well, that's a hard question. I'll tell you these questions have really been great. I'm not kidding.

But I would say the best policy that I've seen -- you know, I came up here and campaigned for Ronald Reagan in 1980. I've been tremendously impressed with the way people in this state take politics seriously.

And I've got to tell you, Reagan brought about a revolution, it was really an important one, because he reduced marginal tax rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986; that's what's been driving this economy every since. This president has taken credit for it, but literally that's what's doing it. Plus the fight for the balanced budget amendment which I lead for six or seven times since then. Plus the appointment of Alan Greenspan, who has done a terrific jog. I'll give this president some credit too, but plus the first time in 30 years you had a Republican Congress who supports a balanced budget on the American people.

And let me just say this, the president deserves some credit too because he appointed Robert Rubin, who, I think, did a tremendous job and he's been more pragmatic than other Democrats so we can, at least, manipulate him into doing what's right occasionally. At least that's what we're trying to do.

I think the worst thing that I've seen in public policy in many years -- it's hard to say because there have been a lot of worse things -- but one of the worst things I've seen is the way some of our federal judges have become activists on the bench; they have usurped the powers of the other two branches of government and have started to become super-legislators on the bench in black robes. And they have violated the real role of judging which is to interpret the laws, not make the laws and...

MODERATOR Thank you very much. I don't mean to interrupt, but thank you. 

Our next question is for Senator McCain. Sir, will you state your name and your home town for us, please?

AUDIENCE My name is Hershner Cross, and I live in Hanover.

Senator McCain, you have been a very articulate advocate for rebuilding the armed forces. My question is, in the light of the failing system that we have at the present time, is your idea for rebuilding the armed forces doable without resorting to some form of draft in peacetime?

LOSER I believe we can. There's no doubt that our new military requires a great deal of training, a great deal of expertise, and the technological skills that frankly don't lend themselves to a short-term draft.

And I believe that the all-volunteer force has not failed. I believe our government and Congress have failed the all-volunteer force.

We won Operation Desert Storm -- one of the great successes in military history -- with an all-volunteer force. What's happened since? The president and the Congress have allowed the military to deteriorate to such an alarming degree that it's almost obscene.

I identified $6. -- in response to the lady, who I think is now gone...[laughter]...I identified $6.4 billion worth of waste, worth of projects we don't need or want. It is -- as I said, it's enraging.

People say that perhaps John McCain gets angry. My friends, I get angry when we spend $350 million on a carrier the Navy doesn't want or need.

Five hundred and some million on an airplane or C-130 that the Air Force has said for years they don't need. And meanwhile, my dear friends, we have 12,000 enlisted families -- brave young men and women -- on food stamps.

That's a disgrace. That's an outrage. I'm going to fix it as president of the United States, and I promise those men and women in the military that's my first priority.

And I want to tell you that when we have...

MODERATOR [off-mike]

LOSER OK, thank you. 

MODERATOR There was another very good question that was submitted tonight. The person who submitted it could not be here. But we want it to be asked, so we are going to take the liberty of asking a question about taxes. And we're going to pose it to all of you and give each one of you an opportunity.

The question has to do with tax reform, the tax overhaul that has been proposed, the so-called "flat tax." We want to ask each of you do you favor a flat tax. If so, at exactly what rate. And I'm going to begin on the left with Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well, naturally, I favor throwing out the current system and getting rid of this awful IRS code. In fact, if I had my way we would get rid of the IRS and come up with the most fair, simple, decent, honorable system that we can have. And if I'm president of the United States, I will get the best actuarially sound accountants, attorneys and everybody else who are tax experts to sit down and show us how to do it because a flat tax, the thing I worry about -- and I'm for it. I'd be happy to have any change that would simplify this code, that would give people a chance to be able to save more of their money, that would basically be stimulative to our economy.

But I'll tell you something, I worry about a flat tax, because I'm on the Senate Finance Committee. And I can tell you, we spend a lot of time just figuring out where all these little things go. And it's just a natural propensity in Congress to see us add more and more to that tax code until we satisfy just about every citizen in America. And it's killing our country.

So I would like to get rid of this system. I'd like to start over. And I think it's going to take guts to do it.

And if you elect me as president, I'm going to be a common-sense conservative who'll get that done. It's one of the things I'll do, I promise you.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, thank you very much. 

I don't think any of our candidates are having any problems addressing this issue.

Senator McCain, you're next.

LOSER Sure, I'm for a flat tax. I'm for a tax system where average Americans can fill out their tax return on a postcard and send it in and not have the fear of an audit.

But my dear friends, do you know why the tax code is 44,000 pages long? Do you know why it's a nightmare, a chamber of horrors for average citizens and a cornucopia of good deals for the special interests?

Do you know when we just passed the last tax bill through the Congress, Republican-sponsored, it had tax breaks for the special interests like a company, a corporation in Delaware that turns chicken litter into energy, and those tax cuts would have taken place immediately while the marriage penalty repeal, where young Americans are being penalized for getting married tax-wise? It's because of the special interests. It's because of the special interests.

The special interests rule in Washington. The big money, the huge six- and seven-figure contributions that come in that every time we pass a tax bill we add another special loophole and a special deal for the special interests.

I'm for reform. I'm for reform of education, reform of the military, reform of the tax code.

My dear friends, that's not possible. That's not possible when average Americans are no longer represented in Washington, D.C.

And I will fight to the last breath I draw to eliminate the influence of special interests in the tax code and every other part of America. And I will not rest until I give the government back to you.

Thank you. 

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes. 

LOSER You know, a lot of the great philosophers said that liberty is one of those things that once you lose it, you don't even know what you have lost. Whenever I see people talking about this tax  I think of that, because as Americans, we have basically lost our economic freedom and we don't even know it.

The income tax is a form of taxation that was advocated by Marx and Lenin because it cedes, in principle, to the government control of every last dollar that is made or earned in the economy. Think about it. Now, if I make a deal with you that I'm going to give to you a certain percentage of my income and you get to determine the percentage, how much of my money do you control in principle? How much? Answer it. All of it, every last cent of it.

And when folks stand up in Congress and start talking like all our money belongs to them, it's because, in principle, as long as we have the income tax, it does belong to them. And this country was not founded with an income tax.

The Founders put in the Constitution provisions that made an income tax unconstitutional a direct tax on our people -- government dipping directly into our pocket to spend our money before we get a chance to say anything about it.

The issue isn't the tax rate, and the issue isn't whether it's flat or progressive. The issue is the income tax itself.

I am an abolitionist. It shouldn't surprise you. [laughter]

I think -- I think that just as we've had to get rid of chattel slavery in the last century, we need to get rid of tax slavery at the end of the 20th century, so our children in the 21st will have control of every last dollar they earn. And the government won't get a say in what is done with that money until after they deal with it. And then, in the open marketplace, you put a sales tax on transactions in that marketplace.

MODERATOR Ambassador Keyes, thank you very much. 

Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Judy, I think you need to be honest with us. That questioner that couldn't be here tonight, that wasn't Governor Bush that asked this question? [laughter]

Because that would not be fair.

MODERATOR No, it wasn't. It was a voter.

LOSER Well, this is a very, very important -- very important question. There are two of us here tonight that have put flat-tax proposals on the table. And I think as always, the devil is in the details.

If you're going to have a flat tax, what you describe as income become all-important. And how you see America's wealth being created is all-important.

I grew up in a home where my father was a janitor. I'm used to having bills last till Friday when the paycheck only lasted until Thursday. And so my flat-tax proposal recognizes that the real wealth of America is in our families. I have a 16-percent across-the-board rate. You would be able to keep your mortgage deduction and your charitable deduction, and everyone would pay the 16 percent -- the waitress and the corporation.

Now, Steve has a plan that he'll elaborate on, but Steve has a major new write-off in his plan for big business. He allows the big corporations to write off the entire cost of their investments in the year that they make them.

That means that a lot of corporations will pay zero while you're paying 25 percent between the income tax and the payroll tax.

I also have a 20 percent payroll tax cut. So my plan is fairer for families. It's across the board. And I think it's the way the Republican Party has to go if we want to win the White House back.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, thank you very much. Now an opportunity for you, Mr. Forbes, to respond.

LOSER Well, this is a delightful evening, because when I ran -- when I ran four years ago, virtually every Republican denounced the idea of a flat tax. So education works. Some are slower than others, but they're coming along. [laughter]

And my plan is very simple. And Gary, you're wrong, you should read the "Union Leader." They had an article on my plan and they got it right. And basically, I give generous deductions and exemptions to each adult and each child. A family of four, such as the Daley family in Exeter, New Hampshire, their first $41,000 of income is free of federal income tax.

That family told me when they did the arithmetic that they'd save enough money from my flat tax to be able to afford health insurance for their family. Real help for real people. Real tax cuts for real people.

Above the 41,000 level for the Daley family, only 17 cents on the dollar above 41,000. No tax on pensions. No tax on capital gains. And no death taxes. You'll be allowed to leave the world unmolested by the IRS. [laughter]

Sort of a new principle of taxation no taxation without respiration.

And as a businessman -- as a businessman, I have incentives for investment.

If you tell a farmer, you can't recover the cost of your tractor, you ruin him. You tell a restaurant owner, they can't recover the cost of the equipment, you ruin him.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, Mr. Forbes.

LOSER I provide for jobs. I provide a tax break for all, and I'm glad they're coming onboard.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, thank you very much.  Let's now go -- let's go back to our studio audience for another question. Sir, will you please state your name? Give us your home town and then address your question. I believe it's for Ambassador Keyes.

AUDIENCE That's right. My name is David Coconas. I live here in Hanover. And my question is for Ambassador Keyes.

Currently, the United States has about $1 billion in overdue membership dues to the United Nations. This delinquency is threatening our seat on the Security Council and also damaging our credibility with the international community. So my question is Do you think the reasons for our withholding payment area valid and, if not, what would you do as president to ensure that the bill gets paid?

LOSER Thank you for that question. Actually, I do think they're valid and if you want to blame somebody, among others, for that billion-dollar deficit, you can blame me. I'll take the blame, because I was one of those people in the Reagan administration who helped to put together -- foster the policy that withheld our contributions from the United Nations, because it is an organization that takes our money, tosses it down the rat hole of United Nations waste, reaches into the pockets of the working people of this country in order to put our money into the pockets of the rich people in developing countries.

So, no, I feel no conscience whatsoever about the fact, that in order to try to get the United Nations to reform its dreadful practices, reform its opposition to the free enterprise approaches that could actually help countries around the world to develop, we withheld those dollars and I'd continue to withhold them today because the organization has not responded. It has not reformed. And I think until it does, we ought to stand firm in our position that we won't take the hard-earned money of the American people and toss it away to international bureaucrats who are basically interested in doing nothing but maintaining their own comfort and security. Sorry about that.

MODERATOR Thank you.  Thank you, Mr. Keyes.

The next question for Gary Bauer from this side of the theater. Go ahead.

AUDIENCE Hi. My name's Bill Murphy. I'm from Lime, New Hampshire and I'd like to address this question to you Mr. Bauer.

To what extent do we serve the college-age people of America by leaving them at graduation with thousands, if not tens of thousands of dollars, in debt? Isn't there a better way of funding higher education?

LOSER Well, the higher education -- did that hit a nerve here? 

The higher education programs are extremely important. I'm a conservative and I want the federal role in education to be much less than it is now, because I think local and state communities will do much better running schools. But I'm not going to be a hypocrite about it. I used loans and grants to get through college myself and law school, and where I grew up people wouldn't have been able to go to school if it weren't for those loans and grants.

But I think there has to be a basic honesty here about this.

If we put out a loan program and tell the American taxpayer it is a loan program, then when students borrow that money they have to be held responsible for paying it back.

And quite frankly, I think to the extent that students are driven by that to a work ethic, needing to balance the things that we always have to balance in life -- I had to do that when I was in school -- I think it's actually part of the educational process.

Getting a higher education in America is a ticket to great things later. And I think everybody that does it has to be willing to make some sacrifices.

It would be easy for me in this audience to say, you know what, I want to turn all those loans to grants and everything will be OK. But you've had politicians doing that to you for the last 30 years. In fact, I heard two guys last night spend the surplus over five different times. [laughter]

And so I'm not going to lie to you. I think a mixture of loans and grants are the appropriate way to go. We need to keep the interest rate low on those loans. But I think most students will find that package to be a good package.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Bauer, very much. 

Let's go over to this side of the auditorium. Our next question is for Senator McCain.

Can you give us your name and your home town please?

AUDIENCE My name is Jeanette Galiametti, and I'm from Hanover.

We all talk about the importance of education. Shortly in our country we'll lose over 2 million teachers to retirement. How can we attract the best and the brightest teachers given the current salaries?

LOSER Thank you for that question.

It is probably the -- and we've answered several questions surrounding it -- it's probably the pressing issue that faces America as we want to fully exploit the potential of this information technology revolution that we're going through.

We simply don't have the teachers, nor do we have the educated people to fulfill this incredible potential that is changing America in the world. And I'm pleased that America leads.

Look, may I propound one simple proposition? I don't see why a good teacher should be paid less money than a bad senator. [laughter]

I think that it's important -- I think that it's important that we have merit pay for teachers, that we have teacher testing, that we do everything we can to motivate young men and women to enter this profession.

As we all know, there's a whole generation that's retiring. It is unconscionable that the average salary of a lawyer is $79,000 a year and the average salary of a teacher is $39,000. And I promised not to tell a single lawyer joke.

But the fact is that we have to have choice and competition in our schools in order to improve our school system, including charter schools, including a test-voucher program that would be paid for with ethanol subsidies, which I would hope my friends would join in -- the gas and oil subsidies -- and with sugar subsidies. And in order to make that system work, a test-voucher program throughout America.

We have to have good teachers, and I would argue that merit pay, rewards for good teachers and helping bad teachers find another line of work is the way we must go about it.

And the really, the...

MODERATOR Senator, McCain...

LOSER.... future of our kids rests upon it. Thank you for the question.

MODERATOR Thank you. 

The next question from this side of the theater for Steve Forbes.

AUDIENCE My name is Patricia Higgins. I am from Hanover, New Hampshire.

Amid all the sort of hoopla of being the first in the nation, for voting in the primary, we do take our voting very seriously.

And yet, what we're watching is, sort of, a nomination process that reminds me more of an auction where the nomination goes to the highest bidder. I'd really like to be able to ask this to the candidate who's not here, but I can't do that.

Mr. Forbes, as nominee of the Republican Party or as president, what would you do to keep the future nominations from being bought?

LOSER Thank you very much for your question, which really gets not only to the process but to how we finance the process.

And like you, I share the frustration that Governor Bush is not here tonight. He didn't come to a debate last week because he had a fund-raiser. A couple of weeks ago, his plane got delayed. He had a choice between a fund-raiser and going to a school in Rhode Island with underprivileged kids; he chose the fund-raiser. So perhaps in the future at a forum like this, if we call it a fund-raiser, he might show up. [laughter]

But seriously -- seriously -- to get to your question, I believe that, on the funding side, we should have a system in America where individuals can give as much as they want to a candidate as long as there's full and prompt disclosure. The establishment loves these current rules because, unless you're blessed like me with independent resources, they have ways of shutting you out.

And all 67,000 lobbyists in Washington, they've all rallied around Governor Bush. They want a coronation, not a real contest. And that's fundamentally wrong.

But you have the power of your hands to say No, this is not going to be a coronation. If you don't participate in forums like this, if you don't put specific proposals out, you're not going to get your support.

The lobbyists have made their choice. They're not backing me because I'm independent. I'm not beholden to special interests, not beholden to the lobbyists, not beholden to the establishment. I'm here to serve you and I vow to do that.

Thank you very much.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, thank you. 

The next question is for Senator Hatch. And it comes from this side of the theater. Give us your name and your hometown.

AUDIENCE My name is Ian Smith, and I'm from Lebanon, New Hampshire.

Senator Hatch, I'm a middle school social studies teacher. And I talk with my students about the importance of taking part in this democratic system and the role that money plays in the electoral process. Just recently, Elizabeth Dole left the party because apparently she could not financially compete. What would your administration do to address the concerns surrounding campaign finance reform?

LOSER Well, thank you so much. I filed on July 1st. Some people thought it was too late. One of the media people said, aren't you a day late and dollar short? I said, no, I'm two years late and $36 million short.

Then I told him what I was doing. I think if people want to talk about campaign finance reform, then they ought to live their own rules. They ought to set an example. They ought to show us how to do it. They ought to live within the means of the common people, the everyday working person.

I was born not as a son of wealth. As a matter of fact, I worked as a janitor at one time to get through school, get through college. And I'm darn proud that I did. I learned a trade as a young man.

But I decided I wouldn't want to be president if I had to just rely on the fat-cat establishment out there giving me $1,000 donations. Now, I'm not going to turn any of those away, if you want to give them to me. [laughter]

So I decided what I'm going to do, I said if I get a million people to give me $36, I'll have as much money as George W. Bush and I'll win this dog-gone presidency for you and you'll have somebody who's beholden only to the people.

And oddly enough, I've been getting monies from Democrats, Republicans, independents saying I want to be one of your million. And you can learn how to do it by looking at my web page; WarrenHatch.org. And you could learn how to become a Hatch Skinnycat. And if we do this, this is something that really would change the face of politics in this country; that somebody could get elected on $36 donations.

When was the last time a $36 donation elected a president of the United States? Well, I'm asking all of you to help.

MODERATOR Thank you. Senator Hatch, thank you. 

That, unfortunately, concludes the question part of our format. We just have a little bit of time left. And, in that time, we'd like to give each candidate 20 seconds to sum up for the evening, and we're going to begin on the right this time with Steve Forbes.

LOSER Well, than you very much and thank all of you for participating tonight.

The basis of my campaign comes from Abraham Lincoln's words in Gettysburg, "a new birth of freedom" -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom. Whether it's the freedom to be born, freedom to choose your own schools for your children, freedom to choose your own doctor, freedom for young people to choose whether their Social Security money is invested, freedom to be safe and secure in this world, it all ties together. And I would beg you -- I ask for your support. Thank you.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Forbes.

Mr. Bauer?

LOSER America is a great nation militarily, it's a great nation with wealth, but it also has a terrible virtue deficit. If we're going to be a shining city on a hill, the way the founders wanted us to be, we need to put our families back together, we need to make sure that every child has an adult that's crazy about him and we need to balance virtue and liberty.

And that's what my presidency will be dedicated to. Thank you.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, thank you very much. 

Mr. Keyes.

LOSER After all these years of Bill Clinton, I think it's pretty clear this nation's in the worst moral crisis that it's ever faced. We must address that crisis as a matter of top priority or we're going to lose our liberty.

I believe that that is in fact the foremost -- indeed, the only -- challenge we face right now if we're going to survive.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Keyes. 

Senator McCain.

LOSER I want to be president of the United States because I want to reform government. The only way you're going to do that is clean up this special interest ruling of our government through all of this huge amounts of money and donations.

Then, I want to inspire a generation of Americans to commit themselves to a cause greater than their self-interest. There are great causes in the world, where there are hungry children, where there's seniors without shelter, and where people are killing are people are killing each other because of ethnic and tribal hatreds.

MODERATOR Thank you.

LOSER I can do that.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. McCain. 

Mr. Hatch.

LOSER I want to be president because I have more experience than anybody running, including the two Democrats. I have a record of accomplishment that none of them can duplicate and I know how to get it done. And I know how to get people from diverse points of views to come together and get things done.

Last but not least, I think who picks the next 50 percent of the court plus five judges -- plus five Supreme Court nominees...

MODERATOR Thank...

LOSER... is going to be very important.

MODERATOR Thank you, Mr. Hatch.

LOSER That's the most important issue in this campaign. 

MODERATOR We are out of time tonight.

MODERATOR That's it.

MODERATOR Want to thank you.

MODERATOR That's it. Thanks to Dartmouth and to all of you. 

MODERATOR Good evening. We're here tonight in the studios of New Hampshire Public Television. Joining us are five Republican candidates--and one who is not. They are Gary Bauer, Senator Orrin Hatch, Steve Forbes, John McCain and Alan Keyes. Tonight's forum will be divided into the following three categories first the economy and health care, then foreign affairs, finally social issues and education. And the candidates have chosen their seating order and each question that begins by a draw--who begins each section by a draw.
So we'll start with the guy who drew the short stick, Gary Bauer, on the economy. You gentlemen are here in New Hampshire at a time that's not only beautiful physically, but it's quite happy economically. Eight years ago that was not the case here. It was in terrible shape, banks were closed, people were losing high tech jobs. Now things are very good here. Why would voters want to change?

LOSER Well, Cokie there are economic cycles obviously, and you know things go up and down. I think what people need to look at is what we're going to do for the long term. What are our tax policies going to be and what are we going to do about issues like Social Security--it of course has a big effect on the economy.

Cokie as you know I grew up in a blue collar town where my father's paycheck lasted 'til Thursday but the bills lasted 'til Friday. And I think the way you grew up sort of forms your economic views. I've got a flat tax proposal that I think people in New Hampshire are going to like. It's 16 percent across the board. It's the lowest rate. It doesn't allow big corporations to get away with paying zero as Steve Forbes' plan does in some cases.

I've also got a Social Security plan, Cokie, that is based on the idea that Social Security is a good program. Where I grew up the elderly would have been living in poverty if it weren't for Social Security; I want to preserve it. And so my plan pays those IOUs to our parents and grandparents, but it also allows younger workers to have a 20 percent tax cut that they can invest anywhere--not just in Wall Street as some would mandate that they do, but I would also let them use it for tutoring lessons or whatever.

I think what Americans are looking at is not what's happened economically in the past eight years; what are we going to do in the next eight or ten years. My flat tax that's family friendly, my Social Security reform is exactly I think what people are looking for in this state.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, why change?

LOSER Well I believe that we've got to have a commonsense conservative as president, one with experience, one who's been able to bring together diverse groups of people and get things done. Frankly if you look at it we've had unprecedented economic expansion over the last number of years; it's been primarily because Reagan cut marginal tax rates from 70 percent down to 28 percent by 1986. I was one of the handful who convinced him that that should be done.

In addition we of course are in relative peace, but the fact of the matter is we're paying wartime tax rates. They're too high. Our IRS is unfriendly. We ought to get rid of the Internal Revenue Code, and if I had my way I'd get rid of the Internal Revenue Service, and we'd come up with a new system that would be fair, decent and workable for the American people.

On health care, let me just say that I don't think anybody running for president this year has had the experience in health care that I've had. Just working on the Finance Committee this last week, we've been able to do an awful lot to solve and resolve health care problems. But to give you an illustration, in 1984 we passed a bill that basically created the modern generic drug industry and of course knocked the cost of drugs down by 50 percent so that senior citizens would not have to give up food in order to have their pharmaceuticals. That's the kind of thing we should do with commonsense conservatism and I can do that throughout the process.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes?

LOSER Thank you very much Cokie. As a businessman and CEO I know that just because conditions are good today, does not mean they're going to be that way tomorrow, and you have to start planning for the future right now. And just yesterday in New Hampshire with the Frink family in Manchester, I unveiled one of the most exciting, comprehensive economic policy proposals I think of modern times.

Under my plan, not only will there be substantial tax cuts, but in the next 10 years of this century wages will go up 60 percent. Also too I have a health care proposal that will put patients in charge of health care, not HMOs and certainly not government bureaucrats. On education I want to give parents a real choice so their children will have true economic opportunity as well. Under my proposal--and I'm delighted that others are seeing the virtue in my flat tax proposal--not only will families keep more of what they earn, we'll have simplicity, we will have more investment. We encourage investment, which is how you create the better paying jobs of tomorrow.

So it all ties together. Putting caps on government spending, slashing the national debt, allowing wages to go up, lowering taxes--that's the way to get America on the true path of prosperity and not let the train get off the track, which this administration, by not allowing tax cuts, is going to have happen.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

SENATOR JOHN McCAIN There's a number of reasons why we are experiencing this almost unprecedented prosperity--among them are lack of regulation, free trade, and most importantly we are going through a revolution the likes of which the world has seldom seen. You could compare it to either the invention of the printing press or the Industrial Revolution. This information technology period that we're going through is incredible, it's exciting and it's wonderful to be an American and it's wonderful that America leads. That all is not necessarily permanent.

We have an opportunity now; we're wiring every school and library in America to the Internet. The kids on the Navajo reservation in Chemehuevi and Window Rock are going to have the same access to information and knowledge as the kids in Phoenix and Paradise Valley. This is a wonderful opportunity; we must make the most of it. It requires and education that's worthwhile; it requires good teachers; it requires choice and competition in education, and it also requires the equipment necessary for these young people to have this opportunity. The bad news is we are experiencing a growing gap between rich and poor in America--those who've taken part in this and those who can't. Here in New Hampshire the highest percentage in all of New England of high tech workers is here in New Hampshire. The people and the leaders of New Hampshire should be very proud of that fact, and I intend to make sure that this information technology reaches its fullest capability.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes?

LOSER Well I happen to think that the premise of the question is correct. On the basis of pure economic issues we are not going to persuade the American people to hand the White House from the Democrats to the Republicans. They never have done so without a good reason, and right now in the economic sphere we don't face a huge crisis; in the international sphere we don't face one.

I think we do face an enormous crisis. It's a moral crisis. We have been through the most shameless and humiliating period in our country's history and it has threatened the integrity of our most important institutions. On those grounds we absolutely need to change the hands that are now upon the White House and give them to folks who will have the kind of integrity that Democrats have not shown during this moral crisis.

But I also believe that based renewed moral self confidence we reclaim control of our money. Not by piddling tax cuts, not by plans that come from on high claiming that they're going to improve our economy. We need to get back control of our own money. And we'll get back control of our own money only when we get rid of the socialist structures that gave that control to government, beginning with the income tax itself. So I think that the key, the key to making sure we're able to take advantage of the enormous opportunities our technology is handing us is to get back control of our money by abolishing the income tax and returning to the original Constitution of our country, which funded the federal government with tariffs, duties and excise taxes, not a privacy-invading income tax and that's where I think we need to start.

MODERATOR Well New Hampshire certainly seems to believe that way up until now; we'll see what today's vote in the Senate in New Hampshire means for that. You brought up the question of moral issues and we're talking about economics here, but the Conference of Catholic Bishops sent out this week a list of questions for all voters to ask their candidates. And since I'm a good Catholic girl and I have candidates in front of me, I'll ask at least a few of the bishops' questions as they go through these categories. And one of them, when it comes to economics, is how will we overcome the scandal of a quarter of our pre-schoolers living in poverty in the richest nation on earth? Who wants to take it? Go ahead, and from here on out I expect you all to jump in and answer these questions.

LOSER Well you know Cokie I think one of the things we need to focus on is exactly why that many of our children are living in poverty. And quite frankly the reason for that in large measure is the breakdown of the American family. If you have an incredible number of out-of-wedlock births, which is what we've had now for a long, long time, I think you're going to inevitably condemn those women and children to poverty. So we can do things we can have a safety net for the poor; we certainly need to figure out everything we can to help people enter the economic mainstream, but I think the suggestion that government can solve the problem in many cases is due to the personal decisions that people are making in their own lives is to go down the wrong road.

LOSER I think it's a little unfair though to ascribe this just to personal decisions. Government helped to create this problem.

LOSER Sure.

LOSER We had a welfare system that actually destroyed the family structure, drove the father out of the home, took away the incentives for work. And I think we need consciously to revamp that system so that it will put incentives behind marriage, behind the maintenance of a strong family structure, behind the presence of fathers in the home. We also need to understand, though, that at the end of the day helping people ought to be the business of the charity sector and the faith sector and the private sector. And that's why I think it's so critical. We need to get up off the money. Government doesn't need to be spending this money. Give it back to people themselves. Let them decide what to do with it so they can put it into channels that will actually strengthen their families, strengthen their church and faith institutions to meet the challenge of doing for one another what needs to be done.

LOSER Well, absolutely right. And also too that's why--I know we're going to get to it--we do need genuine choice in education. With these kids, they need the best education possible. They're hurt the most by the schools that we have today. So it all ties together. If the kids don't get an education, they're going to be hurt as they try to climb out of poverty. That's why too we need to revamp the whole tax code. We start with the federal income tax, but there's a lot of other tax reform that has to be done as well. Under my tax proposal a family will pay no federal income tax--say a family of three or four--unless they make over $30-35,000 a year. I also have a Social Security proposal on the table where those taxes that are taken--if you have a single mother working she's paying a huge tax in Social Security. I think that money should go, instead of to the grasping hands of Washington, the bulk of that money, Cokie, should go to her own individual retirement account.

MODERATOR I'll come to you, both of you Senators. It's remarkable, the Senators have not spoken. The families where both parents are working and the family's still poor and the kids are poor. Is minimum wage, raising the minimum wage the answer; what's the answer there?

LOSER Raising the minimum wage isn't the answer because what that does is that freezes out the people at the bottom level who are under-educated, under-trained, under-skilled. They don't have an opportunity, and it happens all the time; we lose 300- to 500,000 jobs every time. But you know what it comes down to. It comes down to example in many respects. That's why I've been talking about having a commonsense president who literally will set an example morally, from an integrity standpoint, doing the things that are right in our society, who really exalts family over a lot of these things in the world that are wrecking our families...

MODERATOR Can you eat example, can you eat example, can you take example to the hospital and pay for it?

LOSER I thing you start with example; somebody who's hardworking, someone who has had to make their own way. I had to work as a janitor to get through college once, and to be honest with you I think that's--I think we set an example and then we have to provide some means whereby people can get help.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

LOSER There are 11 million of these children also who are without health care and that's a disgrace in America and we ought to change that and we ought to change it very quickly. But I also get back to education. Education in America has become a civil rights issue. The very wealthy in our society get the best education in the world; the very poor in our society obviously are getting the worst. The conditions in our schools are still deplorable. We need choice and competition in education. We need a national test voucher program in the poorest school districts in America. We can get the money for that by eliminating the sugar subsidies and the gas and oil subsidies and the ethanol subsidies--which are--ethanol subsidies are $700 million a year which goes to Archer Daniels Midland, and we also need to reward good teachers, we need merit pay for teachers--

MODERATOR We're going to have a whole education section later--

LOSER Before we get off on that, the whole premise of the question has to be questioned though. One, I think it is a mistake we have been making for thirty, forty years, that plays right into the hands of the socialist mentality that, unfortunately, dominates everybody in our politics. [Cokie Roberts attempted to reply by mentioning the bishops again.] Wait, wait. The Catholic bishops have gone down that left-wing road, Cokie, and don't tell me otherwise because I am a Catholic and I know it. And I get to criticize them when they are socialist, because socialism is not a requirement of our theology. As a matter of fact it goes against what the Pope has laid out as the best approach to economics.

But the point I want to make is this. The fundamental question we face is two-fold. Whether it is education or anything else, we know first of all that throwing money at the problem doesn't solve it, that the key to success in all these areas turns out to be the sort of thing, in fact, that Senator Hatch was pointing to. If by "example" you mean creating a moral environment in which there is going to be the decency and the discipline necessary for people to work together to pass on elements of their heritage.

My parents were poor, Cokie, and other parents in the black community were poor, for the longest time. That didn't make them depraved, and it didn't mean that they couldn't raise decent children who knew how to work hard and get out of that poverty. I think we have to be careful not to make money the criterion.

MODERATOR We only have a few minutes left in this segment so let's do health care, and you can add what you want to add when you're talking about health care. I'm sure you will. And that is that we now do--you brought up the number of people who are not receiving health care--there is now some sense, in the same way that old people do get health care in this country, that maybe children should have the same kind of health care that old people are getting. Do you think that's right?

LOSER Well I think children do. The poor children have health care. Last year we passed the Hatch Child Health Insurance Program, which is the CHIP program. Didn't have one governor, except the governor of Vermont support me on it until it passed. Now every governor today claims its his or her bill. 'Cause that will take care of between 7 and 10 million children who are from the poorest of the poor working families. And that's what we have to do. We really have to come up with programs that really do work. On the other hand, they're not going to be any good unless we help our families to have incentives to be good families.

LOSER And also too on health are, we're going down a path today, Cokie, that is putting health care decisions in the hands of HMOs, in the hands of bureaucracies. We've got to get it back in the hands of patients--

MODERATOR That--

LOSER --And there are various ways to do it. Because we're going to get a system today that is hostile to innovation, that prevents you from choosing the doctor you want and trust, and this is a country that's supposed to be free and that's wrong. The Washington top down approach won't work. Giving people control of those resources will.

MODERATOR How--this is a frustration of people. The insurance companies are making their decisions...

LOSER ...It comes up every time I travel around--New Hampshire, Iowa--doesn't matter. Doesn't matter if the voter is a conservative or a liberal; everybody's worried about it. Steve that sounded real good, but you've got to go beyond the generalities of this. Look, let's get very specific.

We just had a big debate in Congress about whether average Americans ought to have the right to sue their HMO if that HMO denies them medical treatment that was appropriate. And I can't believe that there were some in my party that thought it was a wise move to come out against my 76-year old mother being able to deal with that HMO bureaucrat. I don't want Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton running health care, but I don't want bureaucrats and HMOs and insurance companies running health care either. I think we do need to have more choice; we need to have HMOs, we need to have reforms in Medicare, etcetera--

COKIE ROBERTS [others talking as well] Let me. No. Senator McCain's turn.

LOSER Washington is gridlocked by special interests. Gary, why do you think it is that we couldn't give patients some fundamental rights? There was a movie a long time ago I saw called "As Good As It Gets." One of the characters said, "I think I ought to have the right to choose my own doctor." Everybody in the audience applauded.

The Democrats are in the grip of the trial lawyers who want everybody to sue everybody for anything. The Republicans are in the grip of the HMOs and the insurance companies and their huge--

LOSER I don't agree.

LOSER --six- and seven-figure donations, which have kept us from coming together; which have kept us from coming up with a reasonable bill of rights which most doctors in America agree with and that we could come together. Instead we are gridlocked and we will not deal with it as long as the special interests rule in Washington over the public interest.

LOSER I think that it is quite clear that the reason the Democrats favor this is that they want to unleash the trial lawyers on the existing health system in order to destroy it, so that they can step in and tell us that the government has to be the savior. If we can't see that coming, then we are awfully dumb.

I think that the premise that we need in our health care system is to make the individuals who are receiving that health care once again into empowered consumers, who will actually be able to police the relationship between price and value instead of turning that chore over to bureaucracies in the government or the insurance companies. And that is why we need voucherization. We need medical savings accounts. We need the things that will once again make those individuals empowered parties, who will be able to determine who their doctors are, whether they are getting the kind of service that they need, but who will be able to enforce that, then, by taking their dollars where they want to take those dollars.

MODERATOR All right, you've had the last word on that subject, 'cause now we're moving on to the second category.

MODERATOR Now we're moving on to the second category. The second category is foreign affairs, and Senator Hatch has drawn the lot for the first question on foreign affairs and again we will go around the group with each of you with a time limit on this first question only.

The president, President Clinton's national security adviser Samuel Berger, has been complaining about a neo-isolationism that he says is abroad in the land, particularly in the Republican Party. He points to an unwillingness to engage, the refusal to pay UN dues, the cuts in the foreign aid budget, that we've not funded the Middle East peace accords. Where do you stand on that Senator?

LOSER Well first of all I don't think that's at all true about the Republican Party. There are some like Pat Buchanan who do seem to be neo-isolationists, but certainly you've got Senator McCain here and myself--we've joined together with regard to a number of foreign policy issues through the years and we've been anything but that and I think the Republican Party, the party of putting together NAFTA, the expansion of NATO, you can go on and on.

The one thing I do believe is I believe that our president of the United States should run our foreign policy and not the United Nations. I think it's pretty doggone important that we do that. Secondly I think that it's important that we stand up for this country over the world and in our vital interests without being the policeman of the world. We should protect our vital interests and our critical interests. Vital interests are interests that literally mean an awful lot to this country. That includes this hemisphere, it includes the Middle East, Europe, Japan, just to mention a few; it includes Israel. And frankly--critical interests, a good critical interest would be something like Korea, where if the North Koreans came down into South Korea it could affect all of Southeast Asia and in particular our relationship with Japan. So it's a very important thing.

A lot of us have done an awful lot. I was a strong supporter of Ronald Reagan's doctrine, his foreign policy doctrine. I did a lot of work in Central America. I was the one who convinced Reagan we should use the Stinger--give the Stinger Pulse missile to the Afghanis, to the mujahideen, now called one of the  reasons why the Cold War came down. And I could go through a lot of other things, everything from Israel to Europe to Kosovo.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes.

LOSER There's no neo-isolationism around. What is around is an administration, the Clinton-Gore White House, that is adrift, indecisive and just making plain bad judgments. For example in Panama, they've allowed the Chinese to get control on both ends of the Panama Canal and they've done nothing about it. They are promiscuous in putting our troops around the world without any thought as to what they're supposed to do there and how to get them out. You see it in Russia, where we are today subsidizing--by giving billions that these kleptocrats in the Kremlin steal--subsidizing a new system of serfdom in Russia. Four out of ten Russian workers now go unpaid. Not because of a shortage of money, but because these thieves in the Kremlin are stealing everything they can get their hands on, and this administration is doing nothing about it. You see it in China, where they're just in a whole mode of appeasement--no rules of engagement, anything goes. You see it with the International Monetary Fund and our Treasury Department, which is wrecking nations around the world with misbegotten advice and prescriptions such as higher taxes and devaluation.

So this administration blames--has a real burden of blame for what is happening around the world, and then to compound their felony they're running down our military, hollowing out our military and not giving our people the adequate means, adequate compensation to do the job that's necessary.

MODERATOR Senator McCain.

LOSER We've gone during the Cold War from a very, very dangerous, but a very predictable world to one that is much less predictable and slightly less dangerous because we no longer face the threat of massive nuclear exchange. But it's complicated, it's difficult, and it requires attention. This administration has conducted a feckless photo op foreign policy which may cost us in American blood and treasure in the next century. This administration has failed to understand that we have to have a concept of what we want the world to look like, where our threats and our interests and our values lie. If there's a problem, send troops to Haiti; if there's a problem send them to Somalia. Our military men and women are more overtaxed and more overworked and more deployed than at any time--peacetime period in the history of this country. Our men and women need help. Our men and women need their morale restored. They need the equipment and the housing and the pay that they deserve.

There are 12,000 enlisted families in America on food stamps. I'm going to change that. And I'm going to change it; and it's the Congress' fault as well as that of the president of the United States because of massive pork barrel spending that goes on and on. And I identified $6.4 billion worth of pork barrel spending on the last bill. That's a shame.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

LOSER I think that what we have to recognize is that when you live in a world where you have somebody in a high position like Strobe Talbott who tells us that the nation-state is going to be a thing of the past, and we should surrender to some global government, those of us who resist that idea are not isolationists. We're just defending the sovereignty and the Constitutional integrity of the United States. And I think it is essential right now. We should not follow the Clinton Administration in the surrender of American sovereignty.

And we should certainly not accept their betrayal. It's not just appeasement; it's treachery and in terms of handing off our secrets to the communist Chinese, and doing God knows what in exchange for their purchase of influence over our security policies, making decisions that have transferred our technology and the things that actually gave us the security edge into the hands of the country that is liable to be our strongest potential enemy in the course of the 21st century if we are not careful.

It is a huge error and we need to base our foreign policy on a clear sense of our national sovereignty, and our national interest, that puts the interests of the American people in first place, knowing that by doing so we are actually serving the best interests of the world.

We also need to understand, though what some of my colleagues here, I think, do not and that that translates into a policy on trade that is not willing to surrender the sovereignty of the American people to the World Trade Organization or any other international body, and that, again there, is willing to put the interests of our people first, by making it clear that if you want to come trade in the American emporium, you can help us bear the freight for keeping that emporium open. I think that's fair to the American worker.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Thanks, Cokie. You know, Cokie, I served Ronald Reagan for eight years and one of the things he taught me when I was at the White House with him is that America did have to be involved in the world, but we had to make sure that when we were involved we were involved defending our values, our concepts of liberty.

Reagan had to spend a lot of time rebuilding the American military because of the neglect of previous presidents, and I'm afraid the next president is going to have to do the same because of the neglect of Bill Clinton and Al Gore. We've gone from 18 Army divisions that we had at the end of the Reagan administration to 10; we had a 750-ship Navy; it's down to 325 ships.

And on top of the comments that were already made about soldiers on food stamps, which is a national tragedy, a national scandal, there's efforts underway to cut veteran's benefits. As president I'm not going to allow that. My father was a veteran. He served in the United States Marines, was in a Veteran's Hospital for several years. Those men kept their bargain; we're going to keep our bargain with them.

But there's another important way we need to be involved and that's American values. In Tiananmen Square, Chinese students stood up waving copies of our Declaration of Independence in the face of the People's Liberation Army. But we've got a policy toward China not driven by the Declaration and its words "All men are created equal," but driven by trade. Big corporations calling the shots in the Democratic Party and the Republican Party. As president I will end most favored nation status for China immediately. The days that they're playing us for suckers should be over.

MODERATOR Well, let's talk about trade. Because trade is a big part of our economy; it's the fastest growing sector in the economy. Without this kind of trade we would be having the economy we're having. Is it a good idea or not?

LOSER We would not, and the fact is we need to break down barriers to trade, for our agricultural products that's one of the best remedies for many of the agricultural problems we have in America today.

I want to go just back one second to the veterans. I just wrote a book and I've been on a book tour, a book-signing tour.

MODERATOR You want to hold it up--

LOSER Yeah I'll hold it up. "Faith of My Fathers," Random House, number three on the New York Times bestseller list.

I've had the most unusual and incredible experience. Veterans, particularly of World War II come, and they show me the pictures of themselves and their units and where they served. Some of them cry, some of them--it's a really emotional experience. And as Gary just said, they're not getting the health care we promised them. They're not getting the treatment that they promised them. They need long term and geriatric care. We need to work together with the VFW and DAV and the American Legion and provide them with what we promised them when the greatest generation went out to fight and defend democracy. We need to do that not only for them, but for future generations we may have to call upon.

MODERATOR Go ahead.

LOSER I agree with everything Senator McCain said. I think that's very important. On the other hand, you know if we're going to have free trade, we've got to have fair trade. For instance, we're talking about opening up our southern borders to the south-of the-border states including Mexico to drive trucks into our country, where they haven't passed the same driver's license tests that we have, where their trucks aren't passing the same safety tests that ours do, and they're going to be driving on our roads transporting their goods. We've seen grain coming from Canada that's government subsidized grain that is in competition with the farmers in Montana, in the northern states, in Iowa, all over this country, and it isn't working very well. We've got to make sure that if we have trade it's fair trade just as well...

MODERATOR What about, what about--

LOSER By the way I do differ with Gary. I do think that Gary is right on the human rights aspects of China, but we cannot help but engage China, and we have to do it on the basis of competition.

MODERATOR What about joining the World Trade Organization? All right go ahead.

LOSER ...should be no on the World Trade Organization on concessionary terms. What we need with China, Cokie, is real foreign policy. This administration clearly does not have one. The Chinese need to know what the rules of engagement are.

LOSER Steve, would you repeal most favored nation status for China or not?

LOSER I'll give what my China policy is. And that is, one, you have to know we're going to keep a military presence in Asia. They're not going to run us out. They can't take over Taiwan. Number two, we will hit them on human rights abuses in every international forum possible. Dissidents in China will tell you how important that is. Three. We want openness with China. We want trade. Which means reducing trade barriers. And if the Chinese wish to sell technology to rogue states such as Pakistan or North Korea or Iran or Iraq we should put sanctions on specific Chinese companies run by the Chinese Army. That way the Chinese know if they make mistakes, if they do something wrong there will be consequences to pay.

MODERATOR I'll let you get in here Mr. Keyes and then we'll move on.

LOSER Two things are clear. One, I think we just need a clear answer to that very simple question. Most favored nation status for China sends a signal of business as usual to a bunch of dictators--

LOSER Sure it does.

LOSER --who are brutalizing and destroying the rights of their people, and we shouldn't be doing it. I think it is that simple, and one ought to be able to say so.

Second, I think that the answer that was given about fair trade and free trade always sounds very good, until you think through its implications. It means that through the mechanism of so-called "free trade,"we are going to sit down and negotiate a minutiae of regulations and so forth, to be enforced by what? A bunch of international bureaucrats. So that it turns out that, as I often tell people, free trade is not free trade, it is managed trade. It is socialism. And what we are seeing here on this podium, a bunch of free traders, and what they are actually doing is introducing socialism into America through the international back door. It is not the right thing to do, and we oughtn't to accept it.

MODERATOR Not your turn.

LOSER Very briefly. Everybody's entitled to their opinions; not everybody's entitled to their facts is an old saying.

The day that NAFTA was signed we had $300 million a day trade with Canada. Today there's a billion dollars worth of trade. There have been several hundred thousand jobs created just because of NAFTA. Think of the potential if we expanded that free trade. One of the reasons why New Hampshire's economy is so good is because the trade between this state and Canada. In Mexico, the most prosperous part of Mexico, guess what, is the northernmost part, where we have these free trade zones. And it's working and it will continue to work.

MODERATOR All right, let's move on to another part of foreign policy which is--

UNIDENTIFIED Can Steve say one thing?

LOSER On most favored nation, if the Chinese want a confrontation after they know the rules of engagement, MFN will go. And on expanding trade--

[Confused talking over each other]MODERATOR When--

LOSER --Cokie, I propose a North Atlantic free trade agreement. Bring in Ireland and Britain. Let's go across the ocean--

LOSER We need to repeal most favored nation status and Steve needs to remind some of his corporate friends that there are American companies--

MODERATOR I need to be tough with you all.

When Pat Robertson gave his key speech to the Christian Coalition this year he talked about Third World poverty--that was his message. Again back to the bishops, they ask a question How do we address the tragedy of 35,000 children dying every day of the consequences of hunger, debt and the lack of development around the world? What about this question of Third World debt, and what about this question of the United States' moral role in the world?

LOSER I served as Ambassador to UN Economic and Social Council and Assistant Secretary of State. I dealt with those issues having to do with development and what we do, or don't do, and how third world countries are doing, and what the terrible situations are in day in and day out for several years. And I'll tell you the truth the notion that we can wave some magic wand, send money, do loans, do whatever, that's fundamentally going to change the situation of a lot of these developing countries is false. Do you know why? Because at the end of the day it is up to the people in those countries themselves to adopt the path of freedom, and to establish the institutions that can sustain it. Including institutions we don't always think of, like honest courts, where you can go to suit in order to sustain business relationships, and things of that kind.

I think, yes, we need to take an interest in helping other countries develop to the point where they can be effective trading partners with us but we shouldn't fool ourselves into believing that some "transfer of resources" is magically going to achieve this objective if they are not willing to adopt the right kind of free enterprise policies that will actually sustain their growth and development.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer, you have been short-shrifted in this segment.

LOSER Thanks Cokie. You know a lot of these Third World countries play the American taxpayer for suckers. They accept large loans that are being pushed on them, quite frankly, by the foreign policy establishment in the United States.

MODERATOR But what about the people in these countries?

LOSER Well, not the people of the countries. But look, this is important. If the politicians in Washington think that more of the American taxpayers' money ought to go to Third World countries, then have the courage to go to the American people and say we're going to increase foreign aid. But don't tell us that these are loans and then when the loans build up so high that nobody can pay them back forgive the loans and essentially just give them a grant. Alan's right, a lot of the problem in the Third World quite frankly is socialistic policies. Government policies that really discourage free enterprise, discourage investment, discourage the sort of things that will lift people out of poverty. And I think we need to take what we know about our democratic capitalism, export that, as well as encourage church groups and others that can do tremendous things in those Third World countries. But the idea that American taxpayers, in addition to everything else we've got on our shoulders, are going to have to bail out everybody else's bad economic policies just doesn't make sense.

MODERATOR Is it American taxpayers or American banks?

LOSER I think its got to be-- you know we can't just saddle American taxpayers with every problem in the world. Again it comes down to what are our vital interests, what are critical interests and what are just interests. You know, I suppose we should have done more in Rwanda, but that was not a vital interest to us. I have to say--

MODERATOR I asked you was it a moral--does the United States have a moral stake in the world?

LOSER Yes, it was a moral, it was a moral interest, and you're looking at a Senator who helped to devise the National Endowment for Democracy, who actually worked with the AFL-CIO in helping to get books and money and pencils and mimeograph machines to the Solidarity when it was just starting in the late '70s. And I have to say we do have an obligation, a moral obligation to help people, but we cannot be the complete sustenance of the whole world. We just don't have those kind of assets, nor should we saddle the American people with more taxes to do it. I think though that we do have to be careful of our vital interests, and if we don't do that we're going to reap the whirlwind.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, you have--we're about to finish this segment and you have the first question in the next segment so let me turn to Sen. McCain who's desperate.

LOSER In the world there's a direct correlation between poverty in those countries and the institutions of democracy. Where democracy grows, economies improve. The United States of America is a beacon--hope and freedom and liberty for every nation in the world wherever there are oppressed people. Wherever there's poverty, wherever there's inequity, wherever there is injustice. The people of those countries look to the United States of America. We can help in a broad variety of ways--including programs such as the Peace Corps. And as president of the United States, I want to inspire young Americans to commit themselves to causes greater than their self interest. Wherever there's a hungry child there's a great cause; wherever there's people killing each other for ethnic or tribal reasons there's a great cause. And that's really what being president of the United States is all about.

MODERATOR We're now moving on to the next segment--

LOSER Can I just make one point. There's nothing moral about taking a truck driver in Manchester, New Hampshire who's working 18 hours a day to put food on his table, and take his money and send it to the Soviet Union to subsidize some thugs.

MODERATOR Now we are moving on; now we are moving on segment. No. Which is--

LOSER You made a point a minute ago about banks, like there's a distinction between banks and taxpayers. Excuse me. We have farmers sitting in Iowa, where we have to appropriate billions of dollars to try to help them get through hard times. Why? Because that capital isn't being made available to them through the banking system--

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes we need to move on--

LOSER --so I don't think the distinction is clear. Our banks should be giving preference to...

MODERATOR ...need to move on to education and social issues. And Mr. Forbes has the first question on education and social issues.

And that is Nationwide, education is being cited by voters as the number one issue. Here in New Hampshire even more so it's being cited by voters as the number one issue. Now that could be because New Hampshire feels it's in something of an education crisis since the Court has thrown out its primary system of financing the schools. And today the State Senate voted for an income tax to try to finance the schools. We'll see how that all comes out; it's politically very up in the air. How do we get bollixed up like this and how do we get out of it?

LOSER Well the reason we have an education crisis in America is because education is a monopoly. Monopolies don't work in business; they don't work in education. Every American parent should have the freedom to send their child to the school they think best for that child. That means taking money from the Education Department, block granting it back to states and municipalities with the proviso--and this is what I'll do as president--with the proviso that parents have genuine free choices to pick their own school, any school they wish. Also too when you have that kind of freedom, standards are raised.

In Milwaukee, for example, they've had an experiment for several years of allowing parents true choice, growing each year. Earlier this year, the Supreme Court refused to throw that experiment out. You know what happened? The regular school system made this offer to parents. They said if you enroll your child in a public school in kindergarten we the school system guarantee that your child will be reading at grade level by the end of second grade or the school at its own expense will provide the tutoring and teaching necessary to bring that child up to speed.

That's the kind of accountability we want. You only will have it with freedom. That's why I want parents, not politics running our schools. Washington has to get out of the education business. They're trying to take it over. Make no mistake about standards at a national level. That's the way of Washington taking over our curriculum and we shouldn't tolerate it.

MODERATOR Senator McCain?

LOSER Indeed if we're going to take full advantage of this incredible information technology revolution that we're experiencing we have to, we must, improve education. It has become an equal rights issue in America, it really has. Its become a civil rights issue. Because the poorest students in America are suffering and the wealthiest obviously have the kind of choice and competition that every school child in America should have.

First, let's start paying teachers more. Let's put in merit pay. Let's help those teachers who are not good teachers find another line of work. There's no reason why a good teacher should be paid less money than a bad Senator. Let's try vouchers. I have a proposal--take away the ethanol subsidies; take away the sugar subsidies; take away the gas and oil subsidies. You can have a test voucher program in every poor school district in every state in America. Let's try it.

Charter schools work in my state; they're a resounding success. We have a wonderful superintendent of education, Lisa Graham Keegan, who's done a marvelous job. We can through choice and competition improve the level of education in America to put it to the same level as our colleges and universities, which are the best in the world, but we're going to have to do a lot of work and we're going to have to break the grip of the teachers unions if we're going to be able to achieve that.

MODERATOR Mr. Keyes.

LOSER Well, I think it is clear that one main principle needs to be re-implemented in our approach to education parents need to be put in the diver's seat once again, instead of educrats and bureaucrats. To that end, we need to break the government monopoly on education by making sure that the money we spend on education follows the choice of parents, not the choice of the educrats and the bureaucrats.

That will then do two things. It will make sure that the schools have to be responsive to the parents, who will then be able to send their children to schools of their choice, set up new schools if they think that is what is necessary. But it will also reestablish a vital link that has been broken between faith and moral viewpoint, and our educational system. 
People say, "Why are there guns and killing in school?" Well, I'll tell you. We got the guns in because we drove God out. And we will get God back in, when we put parents back in the driver's seat so they can send their children to schools that reflect their faith, their values, their sense of the moral priorities that are the real basis for educational success and motivation.

I think that that two-fold approach, which empowers parents at the grassroots and which reestablishes the vital connection between education and our moral discipline and our moral principles are the key to seeing our schools improve.

What is not the key, by the way, is what is often implied when people talk in these terms of poor and rich, and all this stuff. We have some of the poorest people in the country in the District of Columbia; we also have some of the highest per capita spending per student. It hasn't produced great results, because money is not the key. We need to look at the true keys, and not talk as if throwing money at education will solve things.

MODERATOR Mr. Bauer.

LOSER Thanks Cokie. You know I was undersecretary of education for a number of years under Ronald Reagan, and it was an incredible experience to be in that bureaucracy personally and be able to deal with it. I had about 17,000 people that were under me at the department; a $17 billion budget. Those bureaucrats were by and large nice people. But I have to be honest with you. I spent about 95% of every day saying "No" to the dopiest ideas I've ever heard of in my life. They all thought they knew how to run the schools of New Hampshire and every other state better than the parents and the teachers of those states did. That budget then of $17 billion, it's about $37 billion now. It may be headed to over $40 billion. I doubt if people in New Hampshire and around the country have noticed the improvement.

We do need vouchers, educational choice; we need to get back to basics. One of the sad things I found in the schools is that many of our children even at the high school level don't know the central moral idea behind America. Again in the Declaration of Independence where it says, "All men are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." I asked that question at a high school recently and the student said, "I think it said, "All men are entitled to rights." Well he left out the moral idea. We need to teach all of our children that; we need to get back to basics. In the words of Thomas Jefferson, we need to teach our children to have knowing heads and loving hearts because nothing less than that will do.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch.

LOSER Well I have to say that Gary Bauer did a very good job when he was at the Department of Education. I was a--I'm former chairman of the Labor and Human Resources Committee that oversaw the federal education programs and I agree with everything he just said.

I have to tell you education is far too important to be left to the federal government. When the president calls for 100,000 teachers, that's a game. He called for 100,000 police in the street. All they did was provide more and more jobs, make-work jobs, that didn't get into the streets with regard to crime. You're going to have the same thing with teachers. Keep in mind Al Gore and President Clinton love public education so much that they sent all their children to private schools.

Now Elaine and I went to public schools, our six children went to public schools, we're proud of the public schools; we think we have great public schools in this country.

And I agree with Alan over here. We pay about $11,000 per student in the District of Columbia, which is basically a federal school system, and those kids get the worst education in the country. It's not fair to them. Now we've got to do something about this. And the best way to do it is give teachers, parents and children some choice here. I think we can have the greatest school system in the world, but there ought to be choice. If parents in these inner cities aren't getting good schooling for their children, they ought to be able to walk and they ought to be able to move those kids out of there. And anything less than that really takes away the rights and the freedoms that all of us would like to have. Let's take care of our kids. Let's do what's right for our children. My gosh.

MODERATOR You know all of you have supported choice in some form.

LOSER Right.

MODERATOR Yesterday the House of Representatives, the Republican-dominated House of Representatives took a vote on school vouchers. They went down. It also took a vote on Title I, the program for the disadvantaged. It succeeded overwhelmingly Would you all have voted that way and why do you think Republicans in the House did?

LOSER I think that's why this election, Cokie, is so important. We need to establish the basic principles that are going to govern this country going into the new century. And in education, we've got to rip it out of Washington this idea that they can direct education, where Republicans and Democrats get in the thrall that government knows best, and get it back in the hands of parents. You need a mandate from the electorate to do that. You see it here in New Hampshire. You have judicial activism, where unelected Supreme Court justices are trying to impose a state income tax. Its happened in other parts of the country. We have to say no, we have to give vouchers, scholarships back in the hands of parents so they can make that choice, not unelected bureaucrats and certainly not unelected judges.

MODERATOR Go ahead Senator, I think it's--

LOSER Just a brief comment. Special education is an unfunded mandate. The federal government has that obligation to pay for special education programs. But the problem is compounded because local schools take discipline problems and put them in the special education programs. We've got to tighten that up, but we also have to take care of our children who have special problems.

MODERATOR Well what about this question of how the Republicans are voting?

LOSER Well, I would have to say that what Senator McCain just said is a good example of what I think is part of the problem with the whole federal role in education. Let's not pretend that the things that are being done at the local level aren't influenced by the sense that, "well, we'll get federal funds if we move over here," and that the way they make decisions is then distorted by the fact that the federal government is in various ways leveraging and manipulating control over those local institutions.

That's why I think it is essential that we stop talking out of both sides of our mouths, stop talking about "national standards" and "what I'm gonna do when I get in there to make education this and that." I'll tell you one thing it's not what I'm going to do as President that will satisfy the need. Am I going to put power back into the hands of people at the grassroots, so they can do what has to be done? And once I have achieved that, am I going to do what Ronald Reagan promised to do, abolish the federal Department of Education, so that we can make it clear that education is a local, grassroots responsibility?

MODERATOR Well again that was before the Congress--it never happened.

LOSER Cokie, a couple of points. First of all most Republicans did vote for choice, and most Democrats overwhelmingly voted against it because they are [inaud] control of the teacher unions.

I think there's something else we need to get at and it's simply this. We need to get the courts out of the schools. Not only here in New Hampshire do we see this judicial activism. Out at Columbine High School six months ago you two boys, Eric and Dylan, coming to school every day giving each other the Nazi salute in the hallway. Nobody sent them home, nobody brought them to the principal's office, nobody asked their parents to come in for a parent-teacher conference, and yet if a teacher at Columbine had hung up the Ten Commandments voluntarily she would have been in the principal's office the same day. See the reason those boys weren't disciplined is that the administrators, the adults in that school, were afraid that they might violate the boys rights, that they would end up being dragged into court. We've got to get these judges out of the classroom. What's happening here in New Hampshire right now, with the state Supreme Court trying to run the schools is a state tragedy.

MODERATOR Let me ask another judicial question. Yesterday in the Senate there were a couple of votes, one on partial birth abortion, which was overwhelmingly voted against, but not overwhelmingly enough to override a presidential veto. One on upholding Roe vs. Wade. Senator McCain, you weren't there for that vote. How would you have voted?

LOSER I would have said the Roe v. Wade--I would have voted for the abolishment of Roe vs. Wade.

MODERATOR And--go ahead.

LOSER I just wanted to get back to something that Gary was saying. I went to a charter school with Bill Bennett, our former secretary of education, and walked into the classroom, third grade; teacher had on the table The Children's Book of Virtues. The teacher was teaching the virtue of the month Why we need to tell the truth. She was asking the class, "Why is it important to tell the truth?" "What happens when you don't tell the truth?" You wouldn't find that kind of dialogue in any public school in America. It has nothing to do with religion; it has to do with Judeo-Christian principles. We need to put that back into our schools as well.

LOSER By the way, Senator, I think that the abolition of Roe vs. Wade would deserve a little louder affirmation than that, maybe a little clearer, in the sense that, "of course" you would have voted to abolish Roe vs. Wade, because it is not a matter of majority vote. If our basic principle is correct, and our rights come from the Creator, then they don't come from our mother's choice.

We need, at every opportunity, as we had to do with slavery and civil rights, to remind the American people that we, as a people, claim our rights based upon a premise that forbids it to us to deny those rights to other human creatures of God, including the creatures in the womb. [Cokie Roberts tries to interject].

And I think that that was what that vote was about. I am glad that the Republicans in the Senate overwhelmingly affirmed that truth. And I think that it is a disgrace to suggest that we can back away from that fundamental principle of truth, and then expect our children to accept the notion that we ought to tell the truth. Because if we abandon our fundamental principles, and we don't have the moral character at the public policy level, then we are setting such a bad example of truth for our children that we should expect their consciences to be corrupted.

MODERATOR Senator Hatch, today in response to those votes yesterday Governor Bush said here that people should be able to disagree about abortion rights and [inaud] to support adoption. Should people be able to disagree on this subject?

LOSER You're asking the wrong person because that's a personal religious belief to me.

MODERATOR Should other people be able to disagree?

LOSER People should be able to believe the way they want to. On the other hand, I think there are moral values that have to be upheld.

Back to the school districts, you know, one of the problems in our schools today is that teachers have a very difficult time doing reasonable discipline for fear that they're going to be sued. We've got to get away from that. We've got too much of a litigation oriented society. Parents are afraid that their kids won't be safe in schools today and we've got to resolve those problems. You know the only fear a child should have in schools today ought to be the next test that's coming up. It shouldn't be whether the kid next to him is going to, is going to beat him up or use a gun or do something else. And to be honest with you, we've had 12,000 kids--they're not just kids--caught illegally taking guns to school in violation of federal law. Guess how many? Thirteen.

LOSER Cokie.

LOSER It's pathetic.

LOSER Governor Bush's comment is nonsensical with all due respect to him. I wish he was here so we could talk to him about it. Nobody's suggesting that you can't believe something, or have an opinion in America. The question is what [inaud] the law of the United States say. I believe the law of the United States ought to say that all of our children--black, white, rich, poor, [inaud], born and unborn ought to be welcomed into the world and protected by the law. I will not put one judge on any federal court unless they believe that, unless they believe the words of our Declaration of Independence, unless they understand that our liberty doesn't come from them or the president or the Congress, that it comes from God and that he's the author of it.

MODERATOR Mr. Forbes, I need to get you in here.

LOSER Well, I thin the Declaration is very clear with unalienable rights--life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Our Founders put those rights in that order deliberately. If you put liberty before life, that's a license to kill, which is what we have too often today. And life is a God-endowed right, it is not a state-endowed right. When that baby is conceived that is a separate being deserving full protection of the laws of this land.

I think the ground is beginning to shift in America. We saw it on the partial birth debate where Americans now realize this is a form of infanticide. I've put forth a proposal to get step-by-step to convince the American people to move towards the life amendment. And Gary is right. Judges should be pro-life. My running mate will be pro-life and share those principles. I think we can change hearts and minds in America and have a country again--when you see that sonogram, that baby, that baby is deserving of the full protection of the laws [inaud].

MODERATOR We're just about out of time. Go ahead Senator McCain and then I want to ask you all one last quick question.

LOSER ...17-year pro-life voting record; I'm proud of that. We need to start a dialogue and discussion in this country how we can improve adoption. I'm proud to be an adoptive father---that has enriched our lives. We need to talk about foster care. We need to talk about many ways that we can work together both pro-life and pro choice people who share the goal of eliminating abortion. There's too much polarization; there's too much bitterness and hatred and anger. We need to sit down and have a dialogue. I hold my views and my party holds our views of pro-life, but we cannot be exclusionary. We must be inclusionary.

MODERATOR Now let me just ask you very quickly, because we're really out of time. Pat Buchanan, not here tonight. We expect him Monday to announce that he's leaving the Republican party. Good? Bad? Why?

LOSER Well I think anytime somebody leaves our party it's bad. It was interesting in recent months to suddenly hear all that talk about big tent being dropped; when it came to a conservative leaving we found that the tent was fine without him. I wish he could stay. I certainly want his supporters to stay and quite frankly I'd like his supporters to vote for me because I believe that I've got the kind of conservative philosophy that they...

MODERATOR All right, now I just need yes, no.

LOSER Oops.

LOSER I want to keep everybody in the party we can and I hate to see anybody go.

LOSER I think the key is if the Republican Party has an exciting, conservative, principled agenda, such as we had in the 1980s, whether there are three parties or ten parties, we will win. If we have mush like we did in the recent elections we lose.

LOSER Pat Buchanan left the Republican Party.

MODERATOR We're going to commercial at this point or whatever we have here or black. And thank you very much and thank you for joining us at New Hampshire Public Television here in New Hampshire.