text
Last night
Couldn't be more proud of HillaryClinton. Her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our next POTUS.
If we stand together
“She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump


What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying

When you work hard
Today is NationalVoterRegistrationDay - I was beaten
When you have a really
I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way
Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night. —Hillary SheWon
Trump on Alicia
Tonight
.timkaine That's what we Wellesley girls do! And it's so clear HillaryClinton is the only candidate prepared to be president debatenight
Tonight
Hillary won big time. It was a shut out. -- HardballChris debatenight
Clinton won this debate in part because she had more stamina for this than Trump. He flagged badly after 30 minutes. She didn't.
Gracias señora HillaryClinton su respeto a las mujeres y nuestras diferencias la hacen grande! Estoy con usted!
When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. DebateNight
TheBriefing2016
When Donald Trump goes low
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants and pushes birtherism

Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president. DebateNight
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. debatenight
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just we need law and order pretty much says it all. debatenight
We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. debatenight
No legit reason realDonaldTrump can't release returns while being audited
In the spirit of friendship
We can step up and confront climate change
I never said that. —Donald Trump

Economists project that Trump’s plans would add more than $5
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts
We have to build an economy that works for everyone
If you're with Hillary
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate

Tonight
Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry
This job takes maturity
When we come together
Today
59 years ago
[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office
Once again
Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect
The new NMAAHC is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open
Our choice
I thought
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president
I wouldn't tolerate anyone talking to my daughter like that
The Enquirer editorial board is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president
Hillary Clinton would make a sober
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice and work to bridge divides. -H
She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl.  —Roxie
When Donald Trump speaks about women
He's 70 years old
Donald Trump doesn't see people like me
Holding back tears right now. For those of us that didn't grow up with ADA this is amazing. imwithher CripTheVote
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty
You would think there is almost
.TimKaine is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend
Happy anniversary! 4 years ago today
We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in America's promise.
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay and benefits.
We’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities
The ADA and the notion that workplaces and public spaces belong to everyone was one that Democrats and Republicans could both get behind.
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
Not that long ago
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism
When we leave people out or write them off
In America
We need to come together to turn the tide
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Four months from today
On this day in 1973
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. TerenceCrutcher -H
Trump cannot be trusted with his own charity
Our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down but can be enhanced by lifting someone else up —POTUS at UNGA
When HillaryClinton says she’s going to make public colleges and universities tuition-free
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November
When we work together

We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses
In a democracy
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress
No one will work harder to make your life better. I’ll never stop
When Americans get knocked down

We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
If you work hard
We can build a cleaner

This election isn’t a reality TV show. It shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news.
You want something to vote for
False
“Your generation is the most inclusive
“This threat is real
Not only is realDonaldTrump wrong on birtherism
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
Let us be vigilant
Like all Americans
Want to do a small part to help defeat Trump in November? RT this link and get everyone registered
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the USAirForce and their families. Happy birthday
Congratulations on your Emmy
Next week
I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota
Joel Sollender
So
When we stand together - as white
In a normal election
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt
As FLOTUS said
We need ideas

I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families. —Hillary
This year
I want you to know that I see you
Este HispanicHeritageMonth
When your friends say they won't vote
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call I know you are
We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story
“On November 8
Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.” —FLOTUS
Elections aren't just about who votes
“We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —FLOTUS on Hillary
Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job
The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign. —FLOTUS
When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” —FLOTUS
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president and vice president of the United States
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't just take it back.
Again
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that POTUS was born in America
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it did a great service to the president who Trump attacked is asinine.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
It's been 5 years
My dad was born in Poland. Do you know how many people ever asked me whether or not I was born in America? Nobody ever asked me that.
“Let’s reject the cynicism
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims
Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana
False
Barack Obama was born in America

Just yesterday
We know who Donald is. For five years
We’ll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —Hillary
“The American people deserve something to vote for
You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting. —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
To drive real progress
The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
When I’m under the weather
The polls are closer than ever
“Además de defender a DAPA y DACA


America is one nation under God
Despite what Donald Trump may say
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand.
Supporting families with paid family leave

You’re not intruders. You’re our neighbors
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive
Long overdue
My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation. —Hillary
As FLOTUS said
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president
I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families. —Hillary
I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies
I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can. —Hillary
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand
I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
For millions of moms and dads
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
.HillaryClinton stands by RealDonaldTrump running a deplorable campaign.  His comments have been bigoted
Proud of you
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem
Congratulations to Carla Hayden
People are making less real wages than 18 years ago
Proud to have you on this team
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement
19. In sum
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies
5. How can you be tough on Iran
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?
3. While refusing to release your tax returns
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders
In light of kurteichenwald's report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties
If you're serious about our democracy
Like most of Trump’s plans
A man’s role in child care
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
America is not about ‘yes
The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —POTUS on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” —POTUS
“She knows that love trumps hate.” —POTUS on Hillary
If you want higher wages
“Then there’s the other guy
I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president. —POTUS
Can I just say
The choice that you make
We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” —POTUS
Even though I have run my last campaign
I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —POTUS on Hillary
With just 56 days until Election Day
Every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. Proud to celebrate 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. -Joe
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha—a festival of sacrifice
It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans. —Donald Trump
The NCAA is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H

Student debt is a major drag on our economy
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125

If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable
Like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school
We'll never forget the horror of September 11
Trump spent $20
.realdonaldtrump once used $20
If Donald Trump wins
Except for African Americans
Thank you for being so brave
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives
At the 2016 DNC
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend

The next time Trump throws a tantrum
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute
Unlike Trump's
We need a president who will do justice
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up
Humility is not something you hear much about in politics
Do all the good you can

Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential
Together
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools
Thank you for loving all people
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty
When it comes to mental health
Hillary chats favorite books
At last night's forum
We can build a future where we’re stronger together. That’s who we are as Americans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved.
As your Commander-in-Chief
Before Hillary
The House should reject H.R. 5424
Last night
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart
Actually
brianefallon
I really can't believe I just saw a Republican nominee for president heap praise on a thuggish Russian leader while denigrating our military
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
It is a correct tweet. —Donald Trump
The worst part is
In 2002
Tonight

Unlike her opponent
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental. NBCNewsForum
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness
It takes experience
We must be a force for unity in America
Tonight
.POTUS
Hillary tiene la experiencia y confío en ella...Para mí
When our SEALs took out bin Laden
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve
I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together
I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida.
False
Right now
In America
We’re going to make our economy grow
I want to be a president for all Americans
False
Today
While the Clinton Foundation receives high marks
Human rights are women's rights
Unions gave us higher wages
If you're a fan of weekends
That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing
Thanks
Even before his hateful speech this week
Hillary will deliver on Paris and go further to cut emissions
America needs leadership in the White House
When Ruline was born in 1913
The worst part is
As a candidate
So
Turns out
Folks
If Trump needs help with diplomacy
Born Sept. 1
Trump
[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the spoon. -VP Biden
Proud to be rated four stars by charitynav for our impact
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviews—from white supremacists
We are not going to criminalize
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
Nunca les mentiré —Donald Trump
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says
It turns out Trump didn't just choke
“I will never lie to you.” —Donald Trump
I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican Americans.” —Donald Trump
We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!” —Donald Trump
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto
When Trump talks about his mass deportation plan
In America
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
I will never
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington.
I completely reject anyone

Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours
American leadership means standing with our allies
“No matter how great the challenge
.GovChristie
A big
From the first days of his campaign
It’s time to come clean
Universal broadband
Clinton today released a “sweeping agenda” to address America’s mental health problem
Mi México
Back when she was New York's senator
53 years ago today
When Trump was starting in business
53 years ago
If Trump doesn’t see all Americans or respect all Americans

Daughter
Nearly 100 years ago
Yes
On WomensEqualityDay
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment
On this day in 1920
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption
Lesdoggg
Trump says he wants to make America great again
Let this sink in. To hate groups
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open
Every day
In 2008
The week after 9/11
20 years ago
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk

Trump likes to say he only hires the best people
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world—1.5 billion men
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.

When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke
If Donald Trump doesn’t respect all Americans
In 2015
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
Everywhere I go
He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign. —Hillary to andersoncooper on Trump
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
Before ClintinFdn
It's HFA Volunteer Day
No matter how daunting the odds
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8
This fall
Escuchamos claramente los comentarios de Trump demonizando a los inmigrantes la primera vez
On average
When it comes to smallbiz
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second
Tune in to watch Hillary on JimmyKimmelLive
You can't have the best military unless folks pay their fair share in taxes
Have a beer with TimKaine in the second episode of With Her
“If I have the opportunity
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35
In times of crisis
.TimKaine takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her
Everything I say I'm going to do
This week
Congrats to Flint
If you were president
It's too late now to say sorry
If you dream it
I don't regret anything. —Donald Trump
This week
Trump painting the entire African American community as living in poverty with no jobs shows he's completely out of touch with us.
Trump questions the citizenship of the first black president
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004
When bombs rain down
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected
45 years later
News from Miami Beach highlighting urgency of the Zika crisis
Congrats to usatf's Bri_Rollin
Even after the 19th was ratified
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns
At the 1988 Olympic games
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme
With just 83 days until Election Day
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families
If you do your job
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody
Today
If you were born between 1980 and 2002
This man is totally
Last night
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous
You should be able to learn a skill
By harnessing your energy and ideas
On the fourth anniversary of DACA
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy
You oppose reproductive rights
It is never
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world. —JoeBiden
It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —JoeBiden on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong
Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” —JoeBiden
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” —JoeBiden on Donald Trump
“There’s only one person in this election who will...help you
Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and America can be defined in one single word — 'possibilities.'” -VP Biden
What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” —JoeBiden
“No one is more worthy than you
Home is where your character is stamped
“As Scranton has always had my back

There’s no doubt about it—Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on realDonaldTrump
False
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations
No matter what Donald Trump says
No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner.
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top.
No matter how far he travels
.JoeBiden’s hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton
Four years in
If Donald Trump becomes president
Trump says
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
Yesterday
Well said
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary
Farmers and ranchers are central to our economy
As track and field begins
Just released my tax returns
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
Last night
.TeamUSA at the White House
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver
Strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay
 kids
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations
Every employee
If TeamUSA was as fearful as Trump

Trump may talk a big game on trade
As president
A four-year degree shouldn’t be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill
It’s not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage
Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us. —Hillary
Starting on day one
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity
We are resilient
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure

Anyone willing to sink so low
No
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it
Unlike Donald Trump's
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Young people face tough challenges
And
When you dig deeper
I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses
“When they have student debt
If you're a millionaire
Our kids are watching
.realDonaldTrump might astound Americans on a routine basis
Welcome back
Even realDonaldTrump's childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income households get nothing.
.realDonaldTrump's econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich corporate insiders.
Last night
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We can’t afford that kind of risk.
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg
Creating jobs — it's what Democrats do. In 3 months
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality
Clinton’s economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy.” —Mark Zandi
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
In Rio
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans
In America
The NRA is based in Virginia
No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did
Donald Trump's no good
In honor of our Weekend of Action
Three-time world all-around champion Simone_Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck
“On the issues
So proud of you
Seriously
This is what I saw while photographing HillaryClinton
The right to vote is at the heart of our democracy
… so yeah
Deeply concerned by raid on ugpride2016. Many detained
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box
At the Paris 1900 games
This week
We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trump’s campaign. —Hillary NABJNAHJ16
“Él dice que no se puede confiar en un distinguido juez porque tiene herencia mexicana”—Hillary sobre Trump.
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account
“I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.” —Hillary
False
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform
We’ve got to help every family afford the books
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard
Trump is not only unqualified for the job
None of us can raise a family
We know a guy with a binder
If you're not registered
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president
We're going to work to make the biggest investment in new
Every week
Happy birthday
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
The RNC showed a negative

We gotta make this economy work for everybody
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America
If Trump is serious about making America great again
.realdonaldtrump
No
First Trump attacked the Hotel Roanoke. Then a Gold Star VA family. Today
Under Trump
The DemConvention painted a bright picture of America—filled with diversity
.realDonaldTrump
Barack
Hello
Why not carrier pigeons
Kind of assumed Trump's approach would be more RT if by land
Watch backstage as Hillary
Your courage is inspiring
Do all the good we can
He’s also made clear he’s fully committed to Hillary's policy agenda
She is a Gold Star mother
Thank you
Sarah McBride
Their paths may vary
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals

False
We're going to make the biggest investment in new

On Thursday
Listen in from Johnstown
Today in 1965
When any barrier falls in America
If you want to see the best of America

Donald Trump has painted a dark
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night
“Contrary to Donald Trump
We've got to make this economy work for everyone
“As of tomorrow

Let's go win this
Great speech. She's tested. She's ready. She never quits. That's why Hillary should be our next POTUS. (She'll get the Twitter handle
In America
Yes

We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working
She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies. —Hillary on advice from her mom
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.

I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
If we’re serious about keeping our country safe
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. —Hillary
Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis.
A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country. —Hillary
Donald Trump says
 you don't.” —Hillary
I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments —Hillary
Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again—well
Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China
In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills —Hillary
If you believe that every man
If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card
“Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America
Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all. —Hillary
“If you believe that your working mother
If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions
If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers
Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together
When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy
I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs. —Hillary
It’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other. —Hillary
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
“With your help
I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should. —Hillary
My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States.
“Democrats
When any barrier falls in America
I will be a president for Democrats
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress
No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up. —Hillary
Through all these years of public service
It is with humility
'Stronger Together’ is...not just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been. —Hillary
None of us can raise a family
Americans don’t say
Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes

We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had. —Hillary
We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism. —Hillary
We will not build a wall—instead

He's taken the Republican Party a long way
We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other.
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
“BernieSanders
I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie
For those of you out there who are just getting to know TimKaine...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president. —Hillary
America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership
“We heard the man from Hope
Bill
Chelsea
Regardless of what was happening in her life
Mom
“This November
She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother
I’m here as a proud American
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative
When Flint's water poisons its children
That's a bunch of malarkey! —JoeBiden
I'm living through history
“Al igual que Hillary... he luchado toda mi vida por los derechos humanos
No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down
On day three
piersmorgan
We love you back
I’m asking you to join me
America
“You’re who I was talking about twelve years ago
Tonight
We don’t fear the future; we shape it
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” —POTUS
False
We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket
Democracy works
“The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain.” —POTUS
She knows that for progress to happen
America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us


America is already great. America is already strong and I promise you
Meanwhile
She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —POTUS on Hillary
I know Hillary won’t relent until ISIL is destroyed.” —POTUS
Hillary Clinton is respected around the world
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy
Don't boo
“Tim Kaine is as good a man
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” —POTUS

“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” —POTUS on Hillary
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” —POTUS
“She was doing everything I was
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers
What I see is Americans of every party
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen
The America I know is full of courage
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —POTUS on last week’s GOP convention
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment” —POTUS
We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” —POTUS
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” —POTUS
“By so many measures
“America learned that love has no limits
We brought more of our troops home to their families
After a century of trying
I stand before you again tonight
I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd
Twelve years ago tonight
Fired up
Folks
Hillary's ready because of her heart. She's ready because of her experience. She's ready because she knows we're stronger together.
We better elect the candidate who's proven she can be trusted with the job. The candidate who’s proven she’s ready for the job. —Tim
Folks
timkaine
Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion
Remember Karla
Republican senators...once they've made sure nobody is listening
“I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s
If any of you are looking for that Party of Lincoln
Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television
The bottom line is Trump is a risky

I believe we need a president who is a problem solver
I built a business
We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue. —MikeBloomberg on the stakes in this race
I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” —MikeBloomberg
We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” —JoeBiden
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” —JoeBiden on Trump
No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security —Biden on Trump
False

His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.' —JoeBiden on Donald Trump
There’s only one person in this race who will be there
We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office. —JoeBiden
Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education. —JoeBiden

“He’s become a brother to Jill and me—and Michelle…you are incredible.” —JoeBiden on POTUS and FLOTUS
Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” —JoeBiden
Watch night three of DemsInPhilly live on Facebook as JoeBiden
He knows at its best
I've seen Hillary in the Senate and the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership we need. –Joe
It’s good to be back
Speaking is difficult for me. But come January
In the White House
In Congress
As president
“We say their names
I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski StopGunViolence
We have had enough of the unrelenting gun violence in America. It's time for us to fight back
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” —ChrisMurphyCT
“She stood up to the NRA
Thank you
Christine Leinonen is a symbol of strength for all Americans
“From her first day in office
“While Trump talks and talks and talks
It’s time to put a bully
I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come. —MartinOMalley DemsInPhilly
Maybe one day she'll look back and say
Hillary Clinton may be our 1st woman president. But she will not be our last. Once that barrier falls
This is not merely unacceptable or wrong
The story of Bill and Hillary
Last night
A young girl asked Hillary
She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” —BillClinton on Hillary
How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t. —BillClinton
She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” —BillClinton
She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel. —BillClinton
NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider
“This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.” —BillClinton on Hillary
She’s insatiably curious
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
“I married my best friend. I was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —BillClinton on Hillary
Hillary enjoyed teaching
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —BillClinton on Hillary
Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” —BillClinton on Hillary
She became so involved in children’s issues that she...took an extra year in law school
Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —BillClinton on Hillary’s mother
I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. We’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” —BillClinton
I was so impressed and surprised that
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights.” —BillClinton on Hillary
Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head
This fall
I trusted her when my life was on the line
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son
Hillary Clinton isn't afraid to say black lives matter... - Lucy McBath
“Sandy
Let's build. Let's unite. —Maria Hamilton
Thank you
The RollCallVote is underway at the DemConvention. You can join in from home! Text HILLARY to 47246 to voice your support right now.
“This one’s for you
It took 240 years but 2016 will be the year of the first woman POTUS!!! Great day to be an American Woman! ImWithHer DemsInPhilly
The tears are very real. Now when I tell my daughter she can be what she wants (even president) I'm not completely full of it.WeMadeHistory
“Tonight
“We have made too much progress
“Some people want to rant
On most campaigns
When we are indivisible
“Because of Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.” —BernieSanders DemsInPhilly
I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —BernieSanders DemsInPhilly
While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another
Donald Trump? Well
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —BernieSanders DemsInPhilly
Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week
Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.” —BernieSanders DemsInPhilly
We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership. —BernieSanders
I can't see him helping anyone but himself. —Cheryl Lankford
Trump’s entire campaign is just one more
Couldn’t agree more
“If you believe we are stronger together
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now
When we turn on each other
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —ElizabethforMA DemsInPhilly
He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians. —Warren on Trump
Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas? –Warren
What kind of a man cheats students
What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings? —Warren on Trump
He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them
We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton. —FLOTUS
Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great...This
“Because of Hillary Clinton
Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids. —FLOTUS
In this election
We don’t turn against each other—no
Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life. —FLOTUS DemsInPhilly
When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago
There is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the United States
Let us declare again
Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America

“America
Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” —CoryBooker
“Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —EvaLongoria DemsInPhilly
No matter who you supported in the primary
Thank you
Cuando Donald Trump habla de deportar a 11 millones de personas
Hillary_esp
I know she will fight to keep our families together
When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people
“My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream.” —DREAMer activist Astrid_NV
I cannot ever say enough how much it means to me that HillaryClinton speaks about addiction and substance abuse. DemsInPhilly
Tonight
We have got to defeat Donald Trump and do everything we can to elect Hillary Clinton to the White house. DemsInPhilly
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future
The Advocate endorses HillaryClinton
I am not able to attend this year’s Democratic convention
No matter where you are
“Everyone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service.
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
We are not going to privatize the V.A.
I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”

I believe in being firm but wise with our rivals—finding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must. —Hillary
Americans aren’t just choosing a president
For more than a decade
Couldn't have said it better! —David Duke
Trump
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
Tough times don't last
America was built on courage
You’re right
“I know the NRA...They’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run
Hillary and I will not rest...until we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —TimKaine on preventing gun violence
“In the first 100 days
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street
We’re going to make our economy work for everybody
There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” —TimKaine
I’m a Catholic

If I’m good at anything in public life
Aprendí los valores de mi pueblo
Marrying Anne was
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
Seremos compañeros de alma en esta gran lucha por venir—dijo TimKaine sobre HillaryClinton.


“Y bienvenidos a todos
I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House. —Hillary
Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform.


The people who know TimKaine best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.

During law school
Tim is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy. —Hillary
“In Philadelphia
Donald Trump may think America is in decline

After everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air. —Hillary
If you want to know what someone’s really like
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you
Trump
Congrats to my friend timkaine on being hillaryclinton's running mate! Excited to stand w/you both and fight for safer communities.
My friend timkaine brings knowledge and experience to what is already the most qualified Presidential ticket in my lifetime. 1/2
Welcome to the team
He's humble.He's incredibly smart.He's a joyful warrior
¡Honrado de ser el candidato a la vicepresidencia de HillaryClinton! JuntosSePuede
Trying to count the ways I hate timkaine. Drawing a blank. Congrats to a good man and a good friend.
Just got off the phone with Hillary. I’m honored to be her running mate. Can’t wait to hit the trail tomorrow in Miami!
.TimKaine has a big heart and showed it as a civil rights lawyer
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate
The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America. —Hillary in Tampa
I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges. —Hillary
We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are. —Hillary
He sure doesn’t speak for me
He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together
He doesn’t speak for immigrants...I don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families. —Hillary on Trump
As I recall
I've never heard an American leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy
Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no solutions.
“I never thought I’d say these words
Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care. —Hillary on the RNC
I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November. —Hillary in Tampa
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
Couldn't have said it better
Donald Trump doesn’t want to make America great. He wants to make it afraid
As of tonight
Sí
We are better than this.
Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? RNCwithBernie
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy
You are not our voice
If Trump wants to talk about debt
Follow TheBriefing2016 tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s RNCinCLE speech. The best facts
Thank you to the NBA for standing with the LGBT community today! A big win for equality and fairness over discrimination and fear.
Primero
I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City. —Joe Arpaio
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!
The only one to benefit by casting our commitment to NATO in doubt is Russia. NATO StandTogether
Happy anniversary
If I were in charge
You don't say
Pence touting Indiana's economy? It's tracked the nation's recovery because of Obama policies (auto rescue!) that Pence opposed. RNCinCLE
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker
Very big of you
Neo-Nazis
Aplaudo al 5to Circuito por bloquear la ley de ID del votante en Texas

I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier
This week in 1848
Le presentamos ¡Hillary en español!
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes
On the RNCinCLE's economy night
Yeah
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again
You're too kind
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics
Not according to your anti-woman
The Republican Party platform is so hateful
On this day in 1984
Text VOTE to 47246
He's built his empire on other people's backs. —A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30
2
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5
We’re going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible
Watch out
When realDonaldTrump makes you mad
Trump took over $100
Republicans have a lot of nice things to say—when it's not an election year. Thanks
SCOTUS debería aceptar la petición del DOJ para reconsiderar el caso EE.UU v Texas. Mantengamos las familias inmigrantes juntas- Hillary.
With five million lives on the line
I’m pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election. —Hillary
As Dr. King said

In times like these
Let’s also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. We’ve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.

We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better.
Killing police officers is a terrible crime...anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable. —Hillary
Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother
La próxima semana
Well
Donald Trump's VP pick Mike Pence is anti-woman
I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history. —Trump's VP pick
Of COURSE realDonaldTrump – a guy who calls women fat pigs and bimbos – picked a VP who is famous for trying to control women’s bodies.
He opposes raising the minimum wage
Gov Pence has a long history of supporting policies attacking ppl who don’t look like him. (Anti-LGBT law
Oh
Si tenías alguna duda que Trump continuará su peligroso plan para el país
If you like Donald Trump
Get to know Trump's VP pick
Chip in to keep Donald Trump
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America
Thank you
11 Senate Dems and I sent a letter to usedgov
One year in
“We have to move our country and ourselves…toward a future that reflects the simple
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates
Even SpeakerRyan called Trump’s comments on Judge Curiel
.realDonaldTrump said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his Mexican heritage. That just fans the flames of racial division.
Next week in Cleveland
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning

“For families making less than $125
Hillary's new college plan will help more students

We need to close the gender pay gap...Latinas earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous. —Hillary
Latinos are 17% of our country’s population
Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America.” —Hillary at LULAC
In the presence of practical
In America

We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant
“If we do the work
Let’s be more than allies to each other. Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own. —Hillary
Donald Trump’s campaign adds up to an ugly
I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something. But...he only listens to himself.
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents
Hay que reconocer que 5 latinos que también perdieron sus vidas la semana pasada en incidentes con la Policía. - HillaryClinton

When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates
In times like these

“In my first 100 days as president

False
We need to listen to the dedicated
We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black Americans...feel like their lives are disposable. —Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Bland—one year ago.
I want...all of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn’t happen again” —Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse
In America
It took awhile
This from jwpetersNYT on the hard-right GOP platform
Thank you
Let’s ask ourselves
Happy birthday
Together
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernie’s campaign
Let's make it easier to vote

We’re going to make sure that Wall Street
“For families making less than $125
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald
“Let’s take real
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Thank you
He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.” —Hillary on BernieSanders
Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president
Our job now is to see our progressive platform implemented by a Democratic Senate
We produced
We become stronger when black and white
This election must be about bringing our people together
Hillary knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.” —Bernie
The last thing we need...is a president who doesn’t care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage. —Bernie on Trump
If anyone out there thinks this election is not important...think about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate. —BernieSanders
Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week
This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face. —BernieSanders
I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton. —BernieSanders in New Hampshire
She will be the Democratic nominee...and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president. —BernieSanders
Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process
.HillaryClinton has won the Democratic nominating process
Together
Praising some of the world's most notorious
Remembering over 8
Donald Trump says he supports our veterans
For Donald Trump
Our economy added 287
You can count on her
When Donald Trump's casinos failed
As the President has reminded us
Congrats
Today's proposal by HillaryClinton is an important step toward expanding health insurance and health care access to millions of Americans.
LorellaPraeli's story
“Let us not grow weary in doing good
When the 24-hour news cycle moves on
Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.' ... None of us can afford to be indifferent.
Let’s ask ourselves
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
We cannot
In my first budget
We’ll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not
I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers. —Hillary
“Gun violence is ripping apart people’s lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.” —Hillary
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much violence...too much senseless killing
We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in God’s peace —Hillary
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters
“There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].” —Donald Trump
America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter. PhilandoCastile -H
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses
The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy
Clinton’s proposal would make public colleges tuition-free for families making less than $125
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey
In America
“No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary

“Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald Trump
[realDonaldTrump's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was struggling...his bad decisions hurt the whole city.
And the Trump Taj Mahal
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in Atlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss.
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag about—it’s shameful—and every voter in America needs to know about it.
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses
I applaud HillaryClinton for the very bold initiative she has just brought forth for the financing of higher education.
Thanks
The fact is
Don’t boo
She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world. ... She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief. —POTUS on Hillary
If your concern is who's going to look out for working families...the other side's got nothing to offer you. —POTUS
There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth. —POTUS
I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit. —POTUS on Hillary
I saw how she treated everybody with respect...that's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off. —POTUS
Let me tell you
I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice. ... It was personal to her. —POTUS on Hillary
I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States. —POTUS
“I don’t know about you
In America
False
The world hangs on every word a president says
He’s a statesman—leading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong. —Hillary
When I look at POTUS
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policies—from paid leave to equal pay—to be updated
It’s wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries
We’re going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas
We’re going to make college debt-free for all...and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt. —Hillary
Under POTUS and JoeBiden
President Obama’s job was to save us from a second Great Depression—and that’s exactly what he did.” —Hillary
It means so much to have POTUS’s support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections. —Hillary
Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald
In a new interview
“Si el lugar donde estás no tiene espacio para tu voz
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of America—our freedom
To be great
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality
Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Just like he shouldn’t have his finger on the nuclear button
Born July 2
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing
Trump says people should have pride in Made in the USA products
As a Mexican-American
Pride Month is coming to a close
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health
Lucharé junto al pueblo de PR para poner la economía de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad.
We're not going back
Bringing on 50
Cool ties
From Iowa to California
Today’s vote to restore Planned Parenthood funds is a victory. Well done Maggie_Hassan and the Executive Council for doing the right thing.
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession

Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethic—second to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H



49 years later
Washington DC raises its minimum wage to $15 an hour
By supporting efforts to move to 100% clean energy
This election is about values
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program
5 Things That Are Harder Than Registering To Vote
Every day
Americans [are] telling us about their struggles…they want to be given a chance
Hillary believes that racism
We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
False
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives


She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.” —ElizabethForMA on Hillary
When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a right—not just on paper
In a volatile world
We can’t stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
No person should be gunned down while learning
There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world...We cannot accept this. Not now—not ever. —Hillary
We need leaders...who put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests. —Hillary at USMC2016
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir
One year ago
Every LGBT American deserves to live
Make no mistake
DemPlatform has progressive principles and high standards on trade; reflects fact many Dems believe TPP doesn’t meet bar—HRC is one of them.
For the first time
DemPlatform says Americans should earn at least $15 an hour
For the first time ever
DemPlatform reflects issues Hillary champions
We're going to keep fighting for equality
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress
In some states
Good for you
Thank you
Hours after the BrexitVote
Asked whether he talked to any foreign policy advisors about Brexit
This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm
For anyone shocked by Trump saying depreciation of pound is good for business
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families. BrexitVote
Thank you
44 years since TitleIX passed

The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American
Desgarradora decisión de CorteSuprema de inmigración podría separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportación. Tenemos que hacer más.
Today's heartbreaking SCOTUS immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
.SpeakerRyan
Rather than debate and vote on common sense gun safety legislation
.SpeakerRyan
Estoy indignado por la falta de acción para parar la violencia causada por armas de fuego. Es momento de actuar HoldTheFloor NoBillNoBreak
We are waiting right now in House chamber to see if our Republican colleagues will allow a vote. DisarmHate sitin EndGunViolence
GOP just recessed House without vote to stop suspected terrorists from getting deadly weapons or universal background checks. NoBillNoBreak
On the House floor singing We shall overcome someday... NoBillNoBreak holdthefloor NoMoreSilence
 Latinos
House Republicans may have cut the cameras
72 yrs ago today
Let's celebrate Jo Cox's birthday by carrying on her work and her values.  She'll live on through it.  MoreInCommon
Instead of pitting people against each other

“Progress is possible … I know Republicans and Democrats can work together
We’ll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of
We should support our teachers
We’re going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
Trump says
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120
.realDonaldTrump has written a lot of books about business
In America
Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?” —Hillary on Trump
.realDonaldTrump
Trump has written a lot of books about business—but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
“The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism
False
He’s giving more away to the 120

“The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.” —Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as men—as if we aren’t already. —Hillary on realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country. —Hillary
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessness—that’s his business. But when he’s running for president
“I’ll admit—it's a little wonky
If you’re running for president
Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why
.JoeBiden is right—Donald Trump’s worldview doesn't reflect our values

America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On WorldRefugeeDay
You inspire me too
Tonight
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today
What a joy being with our new grandson
They may be too young to vote
Happy Father's Day
I've witnessed a lot of special moments as HillaryClinton's photographer
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter
Marc and I are overwhelmed with gratitude and love as we celebrate the birth of our son
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done
On June 18
Gun violence and hate aren't isolated—homophobia in Orlando
In the spirit of the Charleston9
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you
Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality
6 babies born w/birth defects from Zika and hundreds more pregnant women w/Zika in US
Thank you
Thanks Chris
Working people have spoken
One year ago today
It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America
Thank you
Trump dijo que el terrorista nació “un afgano” y prohibirá la entrada de musulmanes—pero el terrorista nació en Queens
Miles de familias están juntas gracias a las acciones de potus sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
Thousands of families are together thanks to POTUS's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Donald Trump isn’t running a campaign against political correctness. He’s just running a campaign that is against being correct.
America has always been a country of we
We just won Washington
When BillClinton took office
For 241 years
RT if you're voting for Hillary today
Today's NetNeutrality decision is a big win for consumers
This is one nation under God

People can’t board planes with full shampoo bottles—but people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity
Trump's statements are lies—but he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
He said I’ll abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said I’ll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong.
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong
If Donald suggests I won’t call this threat what it is

It matters what we do
Americans don’t need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership

People of different faiths
I believe that despite those differences of opinion
I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns don’t fall into the wrong hands. —Hillary
Yesterday
LGBTQ people are Muslims
“Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense
If you’re too dangerous to get on a plane
Tenemos que unirnos
Our open
We’ve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely

Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. It’s wrong
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attack—but they'll stop some
In Orlando and San Bernardino
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links
As president
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts
They were sons and daughters
We cannot demonize
This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country. —Hillary on the attack in FL
We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals. —Hillary on the FL attack
Desperté con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos más información
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information

When Trump's casinos failed
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment
During a decade when other casinos in Atlantic City thrived
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage
Lights
Hey realDonaldTrump
Thanks
“Ella tiene la valentía
We’re not just going to break the glass ceiling. We’re going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Trump has called women “pigs

False
Defending women’s health means defending access to safe
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income women—disproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a child—like paid leave?
“Being able to plan their families not only saved women’s lives—it also transformed them.” —Hillary to PPact
Today
Thank you
Thanks
Trump doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States —SenWarren
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter
I’ve seen her judgment
On virtually every issue
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia.
I’m with her
She’s got the courage
Honored to have you with me
My 8 year old said See Mom
This AM I told my 5-yo daughter we could elect the first woman President. She said
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president
Speaking is hard for me. But come January
Let’s keep making history
Thank you
I keep saying Hillary is the ultimate changemaker
On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago
We are stronger when we respect each other
We should lift each other up—not tear each other down. To be great
Unity is better than division
“Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
Whether you supported me in this primary
As your president
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
For the first time in our history
So proud of you
Thanks to you
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers
Tonight
Although we weren't able to shatter that highest
CA
Estamos al borde de un momento histórico
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor
To everyone who's worked so hard
We are on the brink of a historic moment
We’re flattered
I’ve taken over HillaryClinton's Snapchat
33
72 years after DDay
.realdonaldtrump's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting
As we begin Ramadan
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
Two years ago
This is what Democrats united to beat realDonaldTrump look like. Get ready
It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill
This week
Lying about veterans
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants
.realDonaldTrump's ideas are really just a series of bizarre rants
No
Every time Trump loses his temper
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks
Some of the (many
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe
Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long. CFPB's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
Donald Trump has never negotiated a ceasefire
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent GunViolence
Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Important news. Many thanks to WhiteHouse
“It’s O.K.
June is Nat'l Caribbean-American Heritage Month
Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures
As we celebrate 100 years of the NatlParkService
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Another Trump University practice

Here's what I know. Donald Trump is a phony
A takedown of Trump's stunningly misguided views on the Paris climate deal
Hillary Clinton
“I like people that weren’t captured
I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office
Not only does Trump deny climate change
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women
If fighting for equal pay
Because climate change has one major impact that

Born on this day in 1951
La única forma de enfrentar a un bully es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes and losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
When the economy crashed
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that
.realDonaldTrump
So
With the money Trump would waste on his wall
Getting federal contractors to disclose emissions=important step for ActOnClimate transparency. Good move
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares
Big win for those who think we should make it easier
In Trump’s world
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes

Right before the housing market crashed
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash
When Donald Trump wins
While American families suffered
When we work together
The lesson of our history
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
If fighting for equal pay
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.

MaryKayHenry Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Unions helped build the middle class
She taught me resilience
Education should be about building a brighter future
“Mentiroso
Do all the good you can
Unlike Donald Trump
I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism. —Hillary at the TTMFoundation dinner
Para muchos
This week
Speaking is hard for me. But come January
You're wrong
MichaelBrown would have been 20 years old today. My thoughts are for his mother today. MothersoftheMovement ChangeAgents
Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS
Dear Congress
 entertainingandmassively popular candidate this country has ever seen.
Another day
This campaign is about breaking down barriers
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy qualifications
This Nat'l SayHerName Day of Action
After 9/11
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up
Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him. —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on realDonaldTrump
The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country
I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified. —Hillary on CNN
When you run for president of the United States
False
It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult. —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Speaking is hard for me
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats
Thank you
Thanks for having our back
Hillary just won Kentucky
Until Trump releases his tax returns
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia
For too many families
62 years after Brown v. Board
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias
Every woman
Join xtina
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns
“In politics and in life
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes
Sybrina
I am the king of debt
Under Trump's tax plan
When asked what gov should stop doing
When women are paid less
[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands
We need to raise the minimum wage
In many states
Detroit's public schools are in crisis
If Trump had his way
Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families. —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care

Quality
West Virginians
I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed
If you have a mother
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom
In 1970
Once a Girl Scout
Son of a Pakistani bus driver
JLo thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids
We should be fighting to keep families together
Last night
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump
Everything I say I'm gonna do
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
Thank you
On Holocaust Remembrance Day
Love this
He's a race-baiting
He's a loose cannon
I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country. —Hillary to AndersonCooper
Unity versus division
Everything I say
I'm going to fight my heart out to make sure realDonaldTrump’s toxic stew of hatred and insecurity never reaches the White House.
If it looks like a demagogue
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down
As he goes after women
It’s Primary Day
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary

“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately
“Drug abuse
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.

“Even if people don’t vote for me in November
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure
Hoosiers
When it comes to love and kindness
When we stand together against the other side's hateful words
In Indiana
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed
After a long wait

We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands. —Hillary
Systemic racism
We should be making it easier to vote
Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families. —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind. —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
This APAHM
She’s battle tested
potus Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves. WHCD -H
Teen pregnancy rate at all-time low. Despite Republican opposition
False
¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta
If you see a bully
If you see bigotry
If fighting for women is playing the WomanCard
Couldn't agree more
Candidate Trump opposes equal pay
Everything I say
Turning away Muslims
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive
So if fighting for women is playing the WomanCard
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
They might make flashy headlines
Last night
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election
Fighting for women's health care
Caught your speech
Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored
Thank you
Thanks to you
Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card

We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street.
We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama. —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me
Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems
We’re going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer
Vote by vote
We did it
Thank you
Polls close soon in CT
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong
These brutal murders are deplorable. Mannan's work on LGBT rights must carry on
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby
Live in CT
It’s Primary Day in CT
Primarias en Connecticut
Voters in CT
I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men. —Hillary MSNBCTownhall
As a white person
When barriers for women fall
Connecticut
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate
In 1990
Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic
Let's stand together to do all the good we can
When someone shows you who they are
Hillary Clinton se ha comprometido a atender la situación del virus del Zika
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika)
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños
In ten years
We need a leader who will deliver on Paris and go further to cut emissions
Under Donald Trump
It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money. —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Proud the U.S. is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
To make a better future for our kids
To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders
Once you've paid your debt to society
If anything else killed 33
Thank you
Victory never tasted so good. Thanks
It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony
No more families should have to go through what we have. —EricaSmegs
A woman
A homecoming
Because of you
New Yorkers speak every language
False

It’s about lifting each other up
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold
We did it
To our volunteers
Right back at you
Thank you
Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect
Go vote
Go vote today
We don't all look the same
Stopped by an old HillaryClinton favorite
Push forward into the unknown
“Hora de encaminar la ciudadanía plena e igualitaria y arreglar por fin nuestro quebrado sistema migratorio FightForFamilies” dice Hillary
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system. FightForFamilies -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today
To everyone in Houston
.TomColicchio
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem
Meet three of the kids covered by the Children's Health Insurance Program
“I love you































True


