Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs
Once again
On National VoterRegistrationDay
'CNBC
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day
Well
Thank you for your endorsement
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
The 1 trend on Twitter right now is TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched CNN poll.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Thank you! Four new DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together
Thank you! CNBC DebateNight poll with over 400
TIME DebateNight poll - over 800
.newtgingrich just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!
Wow
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on Benghazi. Debates2016 debatenight
Russia has more warheads than ever
Hillary's policies have made America less safe
When realDonaldTrump is POTUS
.HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? Debates2016
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away
.HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Polls showing realDonaldTrump surging
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade
Thank you Roanoke
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row
The SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way
Join me in Roanoke
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had
Spoke with Governor PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Join me in Roanoke
Will be on foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland
.YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada
Thank you Toledo
Hopefully the violence and unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind
Thank you Kenansville
Thank you High Point
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS
Together
I will be interviewed on the oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country and its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them
Terrible attacks in NY
Under the leadership of Obama and Clinton
I would like to express my warmest regards
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd
My lawyers want to sue the failing nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now)
The failing nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything
Crazy Maureen Dowd
Wacky NYTimesDowd
.CNN just doesn't get it
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston
I am now going to the brand new Trump International
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away
I will be interviewed by jessebwatters on oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great evening in Canton
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the WSJ this afternoon
Ivanka is joining realDonaldTrump to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to watch live at 7pm
Thank you Clive
Join us today! Together
Join me in Clive
Just got back from Asheville
The seriously failing nytimes
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham
Wow
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman
Just returned from Pensacola
I havn't seen tonyschwartz in many years
Dummy writer tonyschwartz
Thank you Ohio. Together
Henry McMaster
Jeff Zucker failed NBC and he is now failing CNN.
The documentary of me that CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails and the veteran who said she should be in jail.
With Luis
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton  ABC News.
Wow
COMING UP GenFlynn newtgingrich on foxandfriends
Thank you to foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected
Wow - thank you Pensacola
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military
I will be interviewed on oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE FoxNews. Enjoy!
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by IvankaTrump
Thank you to all of our amazing military families
Join me in Pensacola
As a tribute to the late
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly
Heading to Youngstown
President Obama and Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow
.CNN is so disgusting in their bias
Great visit to Detroit church
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration
We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! realDonaldTrump TrumpPence16
I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana
Former President Vicente Fox
Thank you Washington! Together
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto
We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds
I think that both candidates
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice
Join me Tuesday in Everett
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border and WALL!
Will be in Phoenix
Thank you TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on MSNBC by crazy morningmika on low ratings Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on Hannity  10pE FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected
A great afternoon in Tampa
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin
In Austin
Join me in Tampa
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy
.AnnCoulter's new book
Just leaving Akron
Great meeting with active and retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron
Some day
Tried watching low-rated Morning_Joe this morning
I heard that Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds
Together
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. MAGA
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd
We are one nation. When one hurts
WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Great job by EricTrump on interview with BillHemmer on FoxNews. ImWithYou TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments
The reporting at the failing nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana and another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts
Thank you Charlotte
Together
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
We will repeal and replace Obamacare
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty
Will be on SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War
'It's just a 2-point race
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say
The failing nytimes
The failing nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on seanhannity tonight at 10pm
Thank you Erie
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Ratings challenged CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) the founder of ISIS
Will be doing oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Thank you Fort Lauderdale
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Thank you Abingdon
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings CNN.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and 2A - sad and irrelevant!
.dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed
Thank you Wilmington
.RealDonaldTrump is right. If HillaryClinton gets to pick her anti-2A SCOTUS judges
2/2  How many of our presidents
1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech.
I am running against the Washington insiders
Will be interviewed on foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
We Can Do Better
'As Senator Clinton promised 200
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
.NFIB encouraged by realDonaldTrump’s taxplan
Join me in Fayetteville
Michael Morell
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
Crooked Hillary said loudly
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Thank you Green Bay
Thank you Des Moines
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. Mike_Pence
Thank you Portland
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors and counting here in Maine
Looking forward to IA and WI with Gov. Pence
Thank you Jacksonville
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach
THANK YOU Daytona Beach
Join me in Colorado
Our incompetent Secretary of State
There is great unity in my campaign
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg
.realDonaldTrump stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to pnehlen for your kind words
During the GOP convention
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays and refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary
Thank you Columbus
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine
This story is not about Mr. Khan
Mr. Khan
Wow
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war
Captain Khan
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention 1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! CNN FoxNews
Wow
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown
CrookedHillary = Obama's third term
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime
Violent crime is rising across the United States
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
Join me Monday in Columbus
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax
Thank you Denver
As usual
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement and insticts.
Even Bill is tired of the lies
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff
Wow
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York
Little Michael Bloomberg
General John Allen
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. CNN and the little watched Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP
Good morning! Join me in Lima
Trump makes a funny
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. DNC
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33
Join our next Vice President
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
As I have been saying
Just like I have warned from the beginning
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is
For the record
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS and her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Join us in Toledo
Join us tomorrow in Scranton
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS
Funny
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work
Elizabeth Warren
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party
I was at FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP
Thank you Roanoke
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught
If Bernie Sanders
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS and all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive and well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails
The CNN panels are so one sided
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted
Today proves what I have always known
Sorry folks
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not
Wow
Bernie Sanders started off strong
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also
Tim Kaine is
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack
One of the best produced
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency
I am soooo proud of my children
Arena was packed
.mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America
Wow
Thank you to Governor ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November
Bill Hemmer of FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife
Networks other than low ratings CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife
Thank you Mahoning County
President Obama just had a news conference
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good
We are TRYING to fight ISIS
The ratings at FoxNews blow away the ratings of CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.FoxNews is much better
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience
As the days and weeks go by
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Thank you to Jack Morgan
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes
Crooked Hillary
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O and Hillary!
NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice
In light of the horrible attack in Nice
Another horrific attack
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency
Even the NYTimes and WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida
Thank you Florida
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
I will be interviewed by oreillyfactor tonight on FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals and global special interests
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders
This election is a choice between law
For too many years
Crime is out of control
Thoughts and prayers with the victims
Join me in Westfield
I heard that the underachieving John King of CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Way to go serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati
To all of my twitter followers
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by oreillyfactor tonight on FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son
Looking forward to meeting with SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual
It was great spending time with joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad
In Bangladesh
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged and corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled
Just read in the failing nytimes that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father
.TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said
I will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
New book by ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! WakeUpAmerica
For reasons only they can explain
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack
.CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong)
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate
The dirty poll done by ABC washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent
People in our country want borders
The ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton
George Will
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
On the 13th tee box TrumpScotland with my grand daughter
So funny
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. ImWithYou
Many people are equating BREXIT
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free and ind UK. We stand together as friends
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back
Congratulations to my son
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
CNN
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration
Obama and Clinton should stop meeting with special interests
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.  --  Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been disqualifying.
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. Imwithyou
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by LouDobbs tonight on FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty and judgment
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament
When I said that if
.DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Yesterday's failing NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Thank you Las Vegas
In Las Vegas
Join me in Phoenix
Thank you Houston
Join me in Phoenix
Honored to pray for my friend
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today
Thank you Dallas
Houston
Join me in Houston
Flying to Dallas now with realDonaldTrump...Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs will win in Nov!
McAllen
Trump's speech today was Churchillian
Join me in Dallas
Thank you Atlanta
I will be meeting with the NRA
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
Thank you Greensboro
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign
I am no fan of President Obama
Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to him today.
TERRORISM
Congratulations to the 2016 StanleyCup Champions
I am watching FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words
I will be going to New Hampshire today
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims and their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro
Thank you Pittsburgh
Thank you Tampa
Sad case- USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false
In Tampa
Don King
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond
Heading to Richmond
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
The great boxing promoter
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Thank you Roseanne
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs
As expected
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents
Nobody is watching Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
In just out book
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC and VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See
Remembering the fallen heroes on DDay - June 6
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish 1
People like KatyTurNBC report on my campaign
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement
I am watching CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday
I don't watch or do Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38
Then
After TrumpScotland
After TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated TrumpTurnberry Resort
Join me in Redding
Beautiful article about realDonaldTrump written by my friend
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience
Join me in San Jose
Wow
Do you ever notice that CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Thank you Sacramento
Same failing nytimes reporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose
So I raised/gave $5
Congratulations to seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight  10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric
I will be interviewed on seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16
In getting the endorsement of the 16
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent
The Republican Party has to be smart and strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing nytimes
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money and get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing nytimes wrote a story about my management style and that I don't have many people. I have 73
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice
Great rally in Fresno
.SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25
I am on oreillyfactor tonight
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on OreillyFactor tonight- FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it
Poll data shows that marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we
My wife MELANIATRUMP
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Thank you Mr. and Mrs. TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. Trump2016
.kimguilfoyle- just watched you on OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim
Thank you Washington! Honored to say
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk
elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren
elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Great rally in New Mexico
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of RickSantorum. Really nice! Trump2016
After raising
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates
I just released my financial disclosure forms
Amazingly
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed
While under no obligation to do so
In trade
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam
Why do the networks continue to put dopey BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria
.CNN is so negative
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
montgomeriefdn  Colin
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre
Failing NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the nytimes story which has become a joke!
Why did Clinton supporter AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT
Michael Barbaro
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged
I can't believe that CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Well
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
I will be live tweeting megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky
I look forward to watching megynkelly tonight
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China
Wow
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job
In politics
The writer of the now proven false story in the nytimes
Over 50 women were interviewed by the nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false
The failing nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer
Thank you
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing nytimes hit piece on me
A political commentator for cnn
Wow
The nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer
That was an amazing interview on foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie
The washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting
Why did the failing nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow
Why doesn't the failing nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Everyone is laughing at the nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
The failing nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women
Thank you for the nice words this morning KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! CNN   FoxNews
Wow
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie
.thehill  Your story about me and the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren
In interview I told AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump and gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me and I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan and the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me
Why does the media
. RepMikeKelly  Great job on foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska
Get out and vote West Virginia
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
daybastrop foxandfriends BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers
Wow
.drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On seanhannity show FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS
.KellyannePolls  Kellyanne
I will be interviewed on meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
.EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates
I am honored that the great men and women of the Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant
Goofy Elizabeth Warren
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I hear JoeNBC of rapidly fading Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special
So many great endorsements yesterday
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen. Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates and otherwise. He should show them
I will be interviewed by BretBaier SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.oreillyfactor  Please correct
Thank you Indiana
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will
Wow
Thank you South Bend
Will be in South Bend
Will be interviewed on seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! INPrimary
Thank you Carmel
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually
Join me in Carmel
Thank you Fort Wayne
Thank you Terre Haute
.KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good and never will
I am on FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with FNS
Will be in Terre Haute
I watched Sen. Graham FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you MikeOzanian for the nice comments on FoxNews today. Great job!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.AC360  Anderson
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton
Wow
Thank you Costa Mesa
New York Yankees President
Thank you Evansville
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville
Lyin' Ted Cruz
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean
Thank you for the endorsement
Join me on greta- from Indianapolis
An Honor to be in Indiana w realDonaldTrump greta and the legend
THANK YOU Connecticut
GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Lets MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You have until 8pm to VoteTrump
Thank you for a great day yesterday
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates and otherwise. He should show them
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart
Thank you Wilkes-Barre
Thank you West Chester
Thank you Warwick
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors and special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow
I am happy to hear how badly the nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.AndreBauer  Great job and advice on CNN  jaketapper  Thank you!
.Borisep was great on JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the AP today. Amazing job!
Thank you Bridgeport
Thank you Waterbury
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut
Thank you
Thank you for the incredible support
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the TODAYshow with my wife
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler
Thank you New York
.CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel
Join me in Indianapolis
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him and K
Thank you for today's endorsement
Thank you
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning
Thank you California
See you tomorrow Dutchess County
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh
THANK YOU
Just arrived in Syracuse
Thank you
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse
Thank you Pittsburgh
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
THANK YOU California
WOW
Thank you Albany
Join me in Rome
Tune in and join me live in Albany
A very interesting piece
Leaving for Albany
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by BretBaier. johnrobertsFox
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17
I was not scheduled to be on the oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage
Wow
Wisconsin
I will be on SeanHannity FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ MELANIATRUMP
Leaving Superior
Wow
Will be interviewed on SeanHannity on FoxNews from Wisconsin tonight. My wife
Just departing La Crosse
This Tweet from realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin
A great night in West Allis
I am on FoxNews with greta doing a town hall
Congratulations to gohermie for winning the ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you TNGCBedminster and all TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee
Thank you New York
I will be on FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you Eau Claire
I will be interviewed by jdickerson on FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! Trump2016
.FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear
Great honor to have GOP General Counsel
Join me on Monday
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs
If megynkelly stopped covering me on her show
Is it possible for megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Can you believe that Ted Cruz
My new radio ad
For the 1st time in American history
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical and economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth
THANK YOU
THANK YOU
THANK YOU
Thank you- Appleton
THANK YOU
.DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC
Final 's just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified 's show a 365 vote increase for me-  least 12 more delegates!
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened
Wow
How come the TODAYshow and chucktodd show the new NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich
Wow
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games
Lyin' Ted
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak and losing big
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad
See Lyin' Ted
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack
Happy Easter to all
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now
Wow
I am interviewed on This Week on ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember
Don't believe the FoxNews Polls
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S.
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women
The media is so after me on women  Wow
Top suspect in Paris massacre
Wow
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also
Explain how the women on The View
.TheView T.V. show
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE
It is amazing how often I am right
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham
.LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS
It is amazing how LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me
Thank you
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you
Thank you
Incompetent Hillary
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately and get home to Washington- where a POTUS
Obama
My heart and prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore
Wow
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
So the highly overrated anchor
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday
Why is it that the horrendous protesters
Will be interviewed on ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
Thank you- Tucson
.AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20
Wow
If crazy megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show
Crazy megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! Trump2016
Reading nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time
While I have never met nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! Trump2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City
Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of realDonaldTrump. Says DonaldJTrumpJr played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another ceiling  - 49.7%
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich and Marco Rubio
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney
Going to Salt Lake City
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1
Club For Growth tried to extort $1
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment
Senator LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Highly overrated and crazy megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Please explain to the dummies at the WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won
.WSJ is bad at math. The good news is
.WSJ Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy megynkelly is now complaining that  oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. oreillyfactor
Thank you
Wow
I can skate here ONLY b/c realdonaldtrump fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M
I am making a big speech the night of the FoxNews debate
Thank you to the Governor of Florida
In the last 2 weeks
.RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
Thank you Marco
Thank you
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you
Thank you
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people
Word is that
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S.
In presidential voting so far
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate
Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to be the nominee!
North Carolina lost 300
Friends in FL OH NC IL and MO we would be honored to have your VOTE! SuperTuesday LetsDoThis MakeAmericaGreatAgain TrumpTrain 🚂💨💨💨🇺🇸
Just in
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter
Don't reward Mitt Romney
Please remember
I will bring our jobs back to America
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration
Kasich voted for NAFTA
Sadly
THANK YOU - Youngstown
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you
The failing nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- and should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie
Wow
Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet video.
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton and 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco
Thank you Dayton
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! VoteTrump today! Trump2016
Thank you St. Louis
Rumor has it that politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise
Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall realDonaldTrump had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
I endorse realDonaldTrump. It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government to
Many people fight for change in DC. realDonaldTrump is a leader with an outsider’s perspective and the vision
Wow
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars
Thank you Hawaii! Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow
I hear NBCNews / WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading
The negative television commercials about me
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president
Remember
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Michigan
People forget
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me
Cruz came to Mississippi
I will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on FoxNews! Enjoy!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V.
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook and Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS
.meetthepress and chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
Thank you to jdickerson and FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are 1 in the ratings!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan
David Brooks
I will be interviewed on FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  jdickerson
.FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states
If you live in Louisiana
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors
.MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke
Thank you
Getting ready to make my speech at KansasCaucus. A great honor! MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky
Will be in Orlando
Wow
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita
Join me in Wichita
Thank you New Orleans
Join me in Wichita
Thank you Cadillac
Thank you Macomb County
The Better Business Bureau report
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true
THANK YOU PORTLAND
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! Trump2016
Will miss RealBenCarson tonight at the GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
As predicted
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party
Failed candidate Mitt Romney
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio and Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Because of me
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
.CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Thank you Massachusetts! Trump2016 SuperTuesday
Wow! Thank you Louisville
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also
Thank you Georgia! 15
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas
Thank you Brian France
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU
Join me in Columbus
My sons
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! Trump2016
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk
Little Marco Rubio
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil)
Incredibly proud of my son EricTrump and his efforts on behalf of StJude in Memphis
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz
.RogerStone was just banned by CNN - their loss! Tough
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company
I only wish my wonderful father
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
Thank you Texas! 10
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high and dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is
Wow
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy
Failed presidential candidate MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid and didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
FMR PRES of Mexico
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina
I'm going to do what MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Just for your info
Mitt Romney
Texas
.RepChrisCollins  Chris
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around
Mitt Romney
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey KarlRove. He should be fired!
.USATODAY Poll and QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. KarlRove on FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! NVcaucus realDonaldTrump
Thank you Sparks
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on FoxNews that many people who supported JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen
Wow
Unlike the other Republican candidates
Join us in Sparks
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out and said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS
Join me live- now in Las Vegas
Ted Cruz said on oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist
Thank you Elko County
I will be on seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR
I am in Las Vegas
A number of months ago
THANK YOU Atlanta
The failing WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today)
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Lying Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs and should demand security. It is time to get tough and be smart!
I use both iPhone and Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Remember
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper and have been consistent- I will repeal all of ObamaCare
Pope Francis
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.FoxNews is changing their  theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%
.FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily
.lindseygraham
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Why does megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me
Thank you  kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. CNN donlemon
.brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race
Explain to brithume and megynkelly
Thank you
Thank you to the 2
Just sat down for a great interview with PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! VoteTrumpSC
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
What a night! 10
I'd like to call JEB a liar
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!)
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy
Ted Cruz
Wow
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists and special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
Even though every poll
Hey glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! GOPDebate
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge
How can JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot and I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington and Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
Thank you
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue
Totally unauthorized
The RNC
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11
Millions of $'s of false ads
by tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil
Last time lightweight JebBush tried to knock off marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time
If TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act
Lightweight JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution
The failing NYDailyNews
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge
Just landed in Baton Rouge
Heading to Baton Rouge
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
Remember
.MarkHalperin showed a focus group on Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word
Jeb Bush spent more than $40
There are no buyers for the worthless NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
So funny
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless NYDailyNews
Worthless NYDailyNews
Dopey Mort Zuckerman
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire
Thank you
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the Governors and Jeb Bush
Remember JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (come as act of love). Not a leader!
Thank you
Thank you
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign
Today's third stop- Londonderry
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. SuperBowlSunday SB50
Thank you- Plymouth
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester
I am on foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union CNN with jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth
Wow
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration
10
Really dumb CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday
Heading to South Carolina
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday
Watch AC360 on NOW! CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone
.oreillyfactor KarlRove- as per the show
Thank you billoreilly and KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies.
Cruz just lied again- I am
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus
And finally
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa
Great job on donlemon tonight kayleighmcenany  cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! CNN
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long
stephbewitching realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!
restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward
ellenEspence realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
93101Dianne realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
LoreWestphal realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
The CruzCrew prevailed! Smart for MarcoRubio to keep his speech short and sweet. Ditto for realDonaldTrump who was brief and gracious.
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
Sat down w/ EricTrump DonaldJTrumpJr here in Iowa.  Talked God
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump winning over Latino Republicans
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! CaucusForTrump
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate
By not doing the failed
Wow
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife
.bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more
.bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100
.bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers
.oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights
.FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like BenSasse
.BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate
Thank you
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque
Thank you- Nashua
Getting ready to take off for Nashua
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6
Thank you
Thank you for the kind words tonight
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6
Watching biased Charles krauthammer
I hear that SenTedCruz’s $$ man
The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
Wow
On Greta
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington
It was the childishly written and taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate
Even though I beat him in the first six debates
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty and dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo
Thank you
Do you think SenTedCruz knows about bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually
.bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University
For the great people of Iowa
Why doesn't phony  bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
Thank you - Farmington
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. FITN
realDonaldTrump and HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on FoxBusiness 7PM
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll 's are way down!
I will be on CNNSitRoom with wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
NewYork tromps Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Must be NewYorkValues
Join us in Iowa
I will be on The Situation Room with wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada
I will make our Military so big
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. NBCNews  Enjoy!
Word is that crying GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine
I will be on FOX with the great JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! Trump2016
.williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella
For the great people of Iowa
Just left Sioux Center
Failing GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired  FOX
Based on MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull
.AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. and is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP
The only reason irrelevant GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.BrentBozell
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
The dying NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
After spending $89 million
The failing NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated
TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain
The late
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you
Why does Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy
Thank you
Thank you
Happy birthday to my friend
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack JebBush has just done another ad on me
So sad that CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Wacko glennbeck is a sad answer to the SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz
Thank you
Thank you
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k
Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower
Wow
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University
.FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy and I really appreciate your words and support. I will see you soon!
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people
Wow
.TheBrodyFile great job on AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. Trump2016
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S.
Big announcement in Ames
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S.
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions
Greatly dishonest of TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form and not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money
Ted Cruz purposely
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian
Oh no
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him
Ted Cruz said he didn't know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders
.FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  FoxNews  megynkelly
.oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank ericbolling - great guy!
GeraldoRivera SenTedCruz got ass kicked by realDonaldTrump last night-He offended every New Yorker and has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched  HarveyPitt on TeamCavuto - he was great!
DonaldJTrumpJr Reryan08 IvankaTrump EricTrump obvious to all that he raised some GREAT
Top searched candidate by state
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures and images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails  virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign
Why does CNN and andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist
.EricTrump- unbelievable job on FoxNews with greta. That was better than I could do! Trump2016
THANK YOU
Sadly
Thank you for your support last night
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring
Just found out that tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice
The SOTU speech is really boring
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. SOTU
Such a serious problem for Ted and the GOP. Great doubt
On my way to Cedar Falls
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
Fantastic job on CNN  tonight. kayleighmcenany is a winner! donlemon
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  CBSNews jdickerson
.MajorCBS Major Garrett of CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda
Thank you Michael Harrison Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
.megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way
.RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
So professional of ABC news to throw out the failing UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive
Great job on Fox this morning KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend TheSlyStallone on winning a GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does ThisWeekABC w/ GStephanopoulos allow a hater and racist like tavissmiley to waste good airtime? ABC can do much better than him!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior
Remember
Heading now for Reno
In the just out FoxNews Poll
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
.JonahNRO
Thank you
Constitutional law expert  Laurence Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on CNN - way to go Pat
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5
Will be at venue
Love seeing union and non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Hank Greenberg
Great time in Burlington
I'm leaving now for Burlington
Joy Behar
The TheView ABC
Explosive Trump attack on HRC
Weak and ineffective JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now and seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the SandP last year
The failing UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid
Do you believe that UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them
I will be on wolfblitzer for a CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come
Don’t like SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
longtalltexan20 realDonaldTrump  I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
Lucky5713 NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
I don’t know SamuelLJackson
Wow UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75
